THE

Statutes at Large

From the Tenth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD

To the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD, inclusive.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE of the TITLES of all the Publick and Private

Statutes during that Time.

With a COPIOUS INDEX.

LONDON:

Printed for Charles Eyre and William Strahan, Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty.

And by W. Strahan and M. Woodfall, Law Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty.

MDCCLXXIV.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 13 Georgii 3.

1. An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, Barley, Barley Meal, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Tares, Callivancies and all other Sorts of Pulse, from any Part of Europe or Africa, into this Kingdom, for a limited time, free of Duty.

2. An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, Biscuit, Pease, Beans, Tares, Callivancies and all other Sorts of Pulse, from His Majesty's Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a limited time, free of Duty.

3. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a limited time.

4. An Act to continue for a further time an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited time.

5. An Act to continue, for a further time, an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard and Grease; and to permit the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, Hams and Cheese, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe, for a limited time, free of Duty.

6. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy three.

7. An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty's Colonies in America, for a limited time; and for encouraging the making of Starch from Rice.

8. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy three.

9. An Act to restrain the East India Company, for a limited time, from making any Appointment of Commissioners for superintending and regulating the Company's Affairs, at their Presidencies in the East Indies.

10. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

11. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

12. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the time limited by Law, and for giving further time for that Purpose; and to give further time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

13. An Act to enable certain Persons therein named to continue to work a Pestle Mill, heretofore employed and used in making Battle Gunpowder, at Old Forge Farm, in the Parish of Tonbridge, in the County of Kent.

14. An Act to encourage the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money upon the Security of Freehold or Leasehold Estates, in any of His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies; and to render the Securities granted to such Aliens effectual for recovering Payment of the Money so to be lent, by Sale of such Freehold or Leasehold Estates.

15. An Act for paying, cleansing and lighting the High Street, East Street and West Street, in the Town and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton, in the County of Kent; and for lighting the other Streets; and for removing all Incroachments and Annoyances within the said Town and Parishes.

16. An Act for taking down the Shire Hall of the County of Devon, and for building a new Shire Hall in a more commodious manner.

17. An Act for making the Exemplification of the Last Will and Testament of William Earl of Blesington, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, Evidence as well in Ireland as in Great Britain.

18. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Relief of the Poor in the County of Devon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

19. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands within the Manor and Parishes of Upwell and Outwell, and in the Parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, so far as the same relates to the Lands lying on the South Side of Popham's Eau.

20. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River, South, Plant Load and Brandon River, North, bounded on the West by the River Ouse, and on the East by Winter Load, Erswel Brook, and the Hard Lands of Middenhall; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands; so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the First District described in the said Act.

21. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain a Clause in an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, to the Children of such Children.

22. An Act to continue an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

23. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy three.

24. An Act for further continuing Two Acts made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty's Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty's Dominions in America.

25. An Act to explain Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants, and others, as are settled, or shall settle in any of His Majesty's Colonies in America; and the other of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants as have served or shall serve as Officers or Soldiers in His Majesty's Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers, in America.

26. An Act for preventing Abuses in the Sale of Shares of British-built Ships to Foreigners.

27. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the City and County of the City of Exeter.

28. An Act for deepening, cleansing and making more commodious the Harbours of the Town of Greenock; for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome Water; and for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets and other public Places within the said Town.

29. An Act for deepening, cleansing and making more commodious the Harbour of Aberdeen; for erecting new Piers and Quays therein; and for regulating Ships and Vessels trading into and going out of the said Harbour

30. An Act for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels to and out of the Port of King's Lynn, and of the Bridgemen conducting Gangs of Lighters or Barges to and from the same; and for laying down Moorings in the Harbour of the said Port; and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire therein.

31. An Act for the more effectual Execution of the Criminal Laws in the Two Parts of the United Kingdom.

32. An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Twenty third Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips; and for the more effectually preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease and Carrots.

33. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of Timber Trees, and of Woods and Underwoods; and for the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs and Plants, to Poplar, Alder, Maple, Larch and Hornbeam.

34. An Act for paving, lighting and cleansing the Streets, Lanes and Places within the Town of Brighthelmstone, in the County of Sussex; for removing Nuisances and Annoyances, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a Market within the said Town; for building and repairing Groyns, in order to render the Coast safe and commodious for Ships or Vessels to unload and land Sea Coal, Culm and other Coal, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town; and for laying a Duty thereon; and for other Purposes.

35. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Essex.

36. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying open and widening certain Ways and Passages within the Town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways and Passages there; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein; and for widening certain other Streets and Places; for establishing a Nightly Watch; and for regulating Carts and Carmen employed in the said Town.

37. An Act for making and extending the Navigation of the River Bure (commonly called the North River), by and from Coltishall to Aylsham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk.

38. An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers, for the Purpose of establishing one or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the same upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar manner, calculated for the casting of large Plate Glass.

39. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, called King's Delph and Eight Roads, and also other Fen Lands and Low Grounds in a certain Place called Farcett Fen, adjoining thereto, lying near to the Hamlet and Village of Farcett and Standground, in the County of Huntingdon.

40. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level; and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland; so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands lying in the Second District in the said Act described.

41. An Act for enabling James Cox, Jeweller, to dispose of his Museum, commonly called Cox's Museum, by way of Chance, in such manner as may be most for the Benefit of himself and his Creditors.

42. An Act for amending, lighting and watching the Highways or Roads within the Town, Village or Chapelry of Petersham, in the County of Surrey.

43. An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn.

44. An Act to allow a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Exportation of Tea to any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America; to increase the Deposit on Bohea Tea to be sold at the India Company's Sales; and to impower the Commissioners of the Treasury to grant Licences to the East India Company to export Tea Duty free.

45. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers or Drains, called Stoke River and Brandon River, and a certain Level or District called Feltwell New District, and the Hard Lands of Woodhall in Helgay, and Helgay, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

46. An Act for the more effectual draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon.

47. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Sackville Earl of Thanet to make a navigable Cut or Canal from a Place called The Spring, lying near Skipton Castle, in the County of York, to join to and communicate with the navigable Canal from Leeds to Liverpool, in a Close called Hebble End Close, in the Township of Skipton, in the said County of York.

48. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts made, one in the Eighth and the other in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing and lighting the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned.

49. An Act for more effectually executing an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of King George the Second, for draining and preserving the Lands in the North Level, Part of Bedford Level, so far as relates to the Fourth District of the said North Level.

50. An Act for better regulating the Poor, and repairing the Highways, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

51. An Act to discourage the Practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious Suits in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, in Causes of Action arising within the Dominion of Wales; and for further regulating the Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales.

52. An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay Masters for assaying Wrought Plate in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham.

53. An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to pay Debts already contracted in finishing and furnishing their Workhouse, and on account of the Poor of the said Parish; and for their further Relief.

54. An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and amending several of the Laws now in being relative thereto.

55. An Act to explain and amend the several Laws now in being, so far as the same relate to the Preservation of the Moor or Hill Game.

56. An Act for the more effectually restraining the retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors; and for preventing the forging or counterfeiting any Stamp or Seal used for marking Silks, Callicoes, Linens and Stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain.

57. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit hereafter to be issued in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America from being declared to be a legal Tender in Payments of Money, and to prevent the legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and sinking the same.

58. An Act for providing Clergymen to officiate in Gaols within that Part of Great Britain called England.

59. An Act for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirty first Year of His late Majesty, as inflicts capital Punishment for Frauds and Abuses in the marking or stamping of Gold or Silver Plate; and for inflicting another Punishment for the said Offence.

60. An Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles and Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and in Tid Saint Mary's, in the County of Lincoln.

61. An Act for the better lighting and watching the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions, Encroachments and Nuisances therein.

62. An Act for better regulating the Assize and making of Bread.

63. An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe.

64. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Exchequer Bills; and to be advanced and applied in the manner and upon the terms therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

65. An Act for explaining Two Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, in relation to the Stamp Duties upon Newspapers.

66. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy three.

67. An Act for laying an additional Duty on Paper printed, painted or stained in foreign Parts, imported into this Kingdom.

68. An Act to impower the Magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture within their respective Jurisdictions.

69. An Act for further continuing an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America, for a limited time.

70. An Act to continue an Act made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portugal; and for charging a higher Duty upon Culm exported thither in Foreign Shipping.

71. An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping and other diminishing the Gold Coin of this Kingdom.

72. An Act to permit the free Importation of Cod Fish, Ling and Hake, caught and cured in Chaleur Bay, or any other Part of the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Coast of Labrador.

73. An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandises; for granting certain Duties to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing and improving such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island into any other British Colony; and for allowing Timber and Wood to be exported from the said Island of Dominica into any other of the British Islands, Colonies or Plantations in America, for a limited time.

74. An Act for the better ascertaining the Tonnage and Burthen of Ships and Vessels importing and exporting Goods into and from this Kingdom, or hovering upon the Coasts thereof; for amending so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the suing for the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; for appropriating the Duty on Oak Bark, granted by the said Act; and for obviating Doubts which have arisen with respect to the allowing the Drawback upon certain Callicoes; and the Bounty upon British made Cordage exported to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands and the Azores or Western Islands.

75. An Act for enabling John, Robert, James and William Adam, to dispose of several Houses and Buildings in the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields and Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and other their Effects, by way of Chance, in such manner as may be most for the Benefit of themselves and Creditors.

76. An Act to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time limited by Law; and for giving further time for those Purposes.

77. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for paying to John Harrison a further Reward for his Invention of a Timekeeper for ascertaining the Longitude at Sea, and his Discovery of the Principles upon which the same was constructed.

78. An Act to explain, amend and reduce into One Act of Parliament the Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes.

79. An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging of the Notes or Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and for the preventing the obtaining a false Credit by the Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company.

80. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game within that Part of Great Britain called England; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

81. An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement and Regulation of the Common Arable Fields, Wastes and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom.

82. An Act for the better Regulation of Lying-in-Hospitals, and other Places appropriated for the charitable Reception of pregnant Women; and also to provide for the Settlement of Bastard Children born in such Hospitals and Places.

83. An Act for building a Bridge across the River of Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Middlesex, and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond to certain Persons therein mentioned.

84. An Act to explain, amend and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Commons or Waste Grounds in the Township of Gowdall, in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of York, and for draining and preserving the same.

PUBLIC ACTS,

INTITULED,

ROAD ACTS.

86. An Act for improving and completing the Navigation of that Branch of the River Trent which runs by the Town of Newark upon Trent, from a Place called The Upper Wear, in the Parish of Averham, in the County of Nottingham, to a Place called The Crankleys, in the Parish of South Muskham, in the said County.

87. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering, in the County of Northampton, to Newport Pagnell in the County of Bucks.

88. An Act to continue the Term and alter the Powers of an Act made in the Twenty Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same County, and from thence through Bentloy, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishops Sutton, New Alresford and Mattingley otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton.

89. An Act to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts made in the Twenty fifth Year of King George the Second, and Sixth Year of King George the Third, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Malling Street, near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads in the County of Sussex, and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Etchingham and Burwash, and from the said Broil Park Gate to the Town of Battell, in the said County, so far as relates to the Road from the Broil Park Gate to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Etchingham and Burwash aforesaid.

90. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham in the County of Lincoln, near the Guide Post on the Foss Road near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham.

91. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of Parliament of the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton; and for repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining thereto.

92. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from The Well at the North West End of the Town or Village of Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called River Hill, in the Parish of Seven Oakes, in the said County.

93. An Act for making and continuing a navigable Cut or Canal from Maugan Porth, through the several Parishes of Maugan Saint Colomb Major, Little Colan, and Saint Colomb Minor, to Lower Saint Colomb Porth, in the County of Cornwall.

94. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of the Tenth and Twenty first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill to the Town of Basingstoke; and also the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid, to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton.

95. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, through the Welsh Hall Lane, as far as the same County extends; and the several Roads leading from Kington aforesaid to Brilley's Mountain, to Eardisley, to Almley, to Eckley's Green, to Eardisland, to Staple Bar and to Milton House, in the said County; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Kardisley to Willersley Turnpike Gate in the said Parish.

96. An Act for enlarging the Terms and varying the Powers granted by an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford.

97. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Acts passed in the Third, Seventeenth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate called Shipston Toll Gate, at Bridgetown, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick; and also for repairing the Road leading from the First Mile Stone standing on the said Shipston Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Campden, to a Place called Andover's Ford, in the County of Gloucester, as far as the same relates to the said first mentioned Road.

98. An Act for repairing the Road from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to Foots Cray; and from the said Royal Oak to the Town of Maidstone, in the said County.

99. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of the Twentieth and Twenty sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said County.

100. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under Line to Hassop, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton, and also the Road branching out of the first mentioned Road at Cobridge to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the County of Stafford, and for amending several other Roads adjoining thereto.

101. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Cherill, through Calne, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherill to the Three Mile Borough, at the Top of Cherill Hill, in the County of Wilts.

102. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Way Post in the Parish of Hardingston, in the County of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said County.

103. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts made in the Thirty first Year of His late Majesty, and Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth and Salop; and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned.

104. An Act to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts made in the Eighth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; and for making a navigable Cut or Canal of Communication from the Port or Harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said Canal at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth.

105. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Road from the Guide Post at the West End of the Town of Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex.

106. An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromesgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and from the said Town of Bromesgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the said Road, leading from the Town of Bromesgrove to the Town of Dudley.

107. An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop and Warwick respectively.

108. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the North Turnpike Road near the Scot Gate otherwise Scot Gate, in the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland, and from Oakham, through Burley, to a Gate on the North Side of a certain Close, in the said Lordship of Burley, called Booth's Close, adjoining to the Open Fields of Cottesmore, in the said County of Rutland.

109. An Act for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near Countess Wear; and for amending several other Roads therein mentioned.

110. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill to Redcross, in the Parish of Shelford, in the County of Cambridge.

111. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Towey, near Llandovery, in the County of Carmarthen; and for making the Fords near the said Town safe and commodious.

112. An Act for more effectually amending several Roads leading from and near the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, and for building a Bridge over the River, at a Place called The Steppings, in or near the said Borough.

113. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn, near Redstone, in the County of Worcester; and for making proper Avenues and Roads to and from the same; and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors of a Ferry across the said River, at Redstone aforesaid.

114. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts passed in the First, Ninth and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret in Rochester, to Maidstone; and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 13 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for naturalizing Paul D'Aigremont.

2. An Act for naturalizing Emeric Vidal, Philippe Rivier, and Abraham Favenc.

3. An Act for naturalizing Peter Francis Martin.

4. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Robert Lord Viscount Clare, the Right Honourable Wellbore Ellis, and Charles Jenkinson, Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver-general, and Paymaster-general, of all His Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

5. An Act for vesting several Fee farm and other Rents, Part of the settled Estates of Sir Charles Cocks, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and for enfranchising certain Copyhold or Customary Lands within the Manor of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale and Enfranchisement in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

6. An Act to enable the Rector of Saint Martin in Birmingham, to grant Leases of certain Parts of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory.

7. An Act for obviating Doubts, touching the Validity of the Proceedings of the Commissioners appointed by an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Lands therein mentioned in that Part of the Manor of Tardebig which lies in the County of Worcester.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain waste Lands, called Hadsor Common, in the County of Worcester.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Meadow Grounds, in the Townships of Snaith and Cowick, in the County of York.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Open arable Lands, Commons, and waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Armthorpe, in the West Riding of the County of York.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and waste Grounds, within the Parish of Cromwell, in the County of Nottingham.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture, and other commonable and waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Brinkhill, in the County of Lincoln.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common called Gailes Moor, in the Township and Manor of Dalton Traverse otherwise Gailes, in the Parish of Kirby Ravensworth, in the North Riding of the County of York.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Field or Parcel of Land, called Bonsall Leys and Green, within the Parish of Bonsall, in the County of Derby.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton; and also Two Pieces of Land or Ground therein described, lying with the Parishes of Wellingborough and Great Doddington in the said County.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Church Broughton, in the County of Derby.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, Common and Wastes, within the Manor of Market Weighton with Shipton, in the County of York.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Commons or Waste Lands in the Manor of Market Weighton with Shipton, in the County of York.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Upton, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford.

20. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Bourton on the Water, in the County of Gloucester, and in the Manor of Clapton on the Hill, in the same Parish.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing Churchill Common within the Manor and Parish of Churchill, in the County of Worcester.

22. An Act for naturalizing Isaac Morier.

23. An Act for naturalizing John Gottlob Neuman.

24. An Act for naturalizing John Francis Curhood.

25. An Act for naturalizing Isabel Bouillon.

26. An Act for naturalizing Stephen Beuzeville.

27. An Act to enable Trustees to make Leases of certain Estates, late of Anthony Earl of Shaftesbury, deceased, during the Minorities of his Children; and for establishing and carrying into Execution an Agreement made between Mary Countess Dowager of Shaftesbury, her Infant Son, and the Lord Bishop of Ely, respecting certain Messuages and Tenements situate in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holbourn, in the County of Middlesex.

28. An Act for vesting in John Earl of Hopetoun, and his Heirs in Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate, in the Counties of Haddington and Fife; and for settling in lieu thereof, other Lands lying contiguous to, and interspersed with, the said entailed Estate.

29. An Act for vesting the Manors of East and West Stodeley, and certain other Hereditaments in the County of Devon, (Part of the settled Estates of James Bernard Esquire) in Trustees, to be conveyed to Matthew Brickdale Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement entered into by him for the Purchase thereof; and for applying the Purchase Money in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the said Premises; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

30. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of the Reverend Samuel Hemming, Clerk, and Maria his Wife, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, in order that the same may be conveyed to George Adams Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement made by him for the Purchase thereof; and for vesting the Purchase Money in other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses.

31. An Act for exonerating Part of the real Estate of Thomas Whichcot Esquire, in the County of Lincoln, from a Debt of Ten thousand Pounds, charged thereon for the Portions of the younger Children of Christopher Whichcot Esquire, and Jane his Wife, Daughter of the said Thomas Whichcot; and for subjecting and charging other Lands of greater Value to the Payment thereof.

32. An Act to enable the Vicar of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons, Heaths and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Drayton in Hales, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Goxhill, in the County of Lincoln.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, Lot and Waste Ground, in the Parish of East Hadden, in the County of Northampton.

36. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for the better ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, using and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in Chatteries, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and also for ascertaining the Parts or Lots belonging to each Commoner, in certain Fens therein mentioned; and for empowering the Commoners to plough and cultivate the said Fens, for a certain Number of Years therein limited; and for obliging Occupiers of Lands in the Open Fields of Chatteries, to fence the same.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Township and Parish of East Keal otherwise Easter Keal, in the County of Lincoln.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Rugby, in the County of Warwick.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Lands and Grounds within the Township or Lordship of Everthorpe, in the Parish of North Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Ings and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Toyntons, in the Townships of Toyntons All Saints, and Toynton Saint Peters, in the County of Lincoln.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands within the Manor or Manor and Township of Hemingby, in the County of Lincoln.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors or Commons within the Townships of Witton le Wear, and North Bedburne, within the Chapelry of Witton le Wear, in the Manor of Wolsingham, in the County Palatine of Durham.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands and Grounds within the Townships or Lordship of Wilton, in the Parish of Ellerburn, in the North Riding of the County of York.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Furze and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Thorpe on the Hill, in the County of Lincoln.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Land, within the Manor of Sambourn, in the County of Coughton, in the County of Warwick.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Places within the Parish of Nafford, and Chapelry of Birmingham, in the County of Worcester.

47. An Act to enable Robert Athorpe Blanchard Esquire, now called Robert Athorpe Athorpe, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Athorpe only, pursuant to the Will of Henry Athorpe Esquire, deceased.

48. An Act for naturalizing Joseph Franel.

49. An Act for vesting certain Tenements and Hereditaments in the Counties of Oxford, Berks and Wilts, Part of the settled Estates of the Earl of Macclesfield, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged; and the Money arising thereby to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

50. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Worcester, to make and establish an Exchange of certain Lands and Premises in the County of Worcester, for other Lands and Premises in the said County, belonging to Thomas Foley Esquire.

51. An Act to impower the Wardens, Preceptor or Master of the Scholars, and Poor People of the Alms House or Hospital of Jesus, in Gisburn, in Cleveland, in the County of York, to convey a certain Messuage, and divers Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, the Estate of the said Alms House or Hospital, unto Charles Turner, of Kirkleatham, in the said Wardens, Preceptor or Master of the Scholars and Poor People of the Alms House or Hospital of Jesus, to carry into Execution an Agreement with the Reverend Henry Hewgill, of Hornby Grainge, in the said County of York, Clerk, for the Purchase of a certain Messuage or Tenement, Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Birkby, in the North Riding of the said County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to and held by them and their Successors, for the Use, Benefit and Advancement of the said Charity.

52. An Act for effecting an Exchange of Lands between Charles Turner Esquire, and the Master, Fellows and Scholars of Trinity College in Cambridge.

53. An Act for nominating a Person in the Room of Thomas Cartwright Esquire, deceased, to join with Elizabeth Cartwright Widow, in directing the Sale of such Part or Parts of the settled Estates of the said Thomas Cartwright deceased, as they shall think proper, for raising Five thousand seven hundred Pounds; and for other Purposes.

54. An Act to enable James Theobald Esquire, to carry into Execution an Agreement for Sale of certain Hereditaments situate at White Waltham, in the County of Berks, (Part of his settled Estate) to the Reverend William Read, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estates do now stand limited.

55. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of Stockport, in the County of Chester, for the time being, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory, and to exchange Part of the said Glebe Lands and other Lands in the Township of Stockport aforesaid, between Sir George Warren Knight of the Bath, Patron of the Advowson of the said Rectory, and John Watson, present Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Stockport aforesaid.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pasture Grounds, Ings, and Common or Waste Ground within the Township of East Cottingwith, in the East Riding of the County of York.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds within the Town and Territories of Burstwick and Sheckling, in the Parish of Sheckling cum Burstwick in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

58. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, Township and Liberties of Houghton cum Witton, in the County of Huntingdon.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Walsgrave otherwise Falsgrave, in the Parish of Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Townships, Liberties and Precincts of Broad Sibford otherwise Sibford Gower, and Burdrup, in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford.

61. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting the Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Places and other Lands and Grounds within the Township of Whitgreave, in the County of Stafford.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Whitton, in the County of Lincoln.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Lands and Waste Grounds of, within and belonging to the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Preston, in the County of Rutland.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Newbold upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, and Long Lawford Heath, in the Parish of Newbold aforesaid.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds and Common Fens, in the Parish of Hackonby, in the County of Lincoln.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Wastes and Common Fields, in the Parishes of Tingewick and Radclive cum Chackmore, in the County of Bucks.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham.

68. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Kinfare and Compton Common, within the Manor and Parish of Kinver otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Parcels of Meadow or Pasture, and other Grounds, within the Parish of Harpham, in the Parish of Agnes Burton, in the County of York.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Field, and the Commons, Common of Pasture and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Skipton and Kildswick in the County of York.

71. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Featherston Bowerbank, with Anne Jane Bonnet, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

72. An Act to enable Edward Gregge Hopwood, (late Edward Gregge) Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the other Persons therein described, to retain, take and use the Surname of Hopwood, and to bear and quarter the Arms of Hopwood, pursuant to the Will of Robert Hopwood, deceased.

73. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Lands and Tenements, in the Isle of Wight, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Thomas Miller Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

74. An Act for discharging divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of John Hudson late of Bessingby, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, and for settling the other Lands and Hereditaments to the same Uses.

75. An Act for vesting the Moiety of the Manor of Russels, and the Moiety of divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances in Chesilford otherwise Chilford, and other Places in the County of Suffolk, comprized in the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of Mr. Charles Smith, and Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth Bishop Spinster, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

76. An Act to enable the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Edward the Sixth, late King of England, in the Town of Sedbergh, in the County of York, to exchange certain Lands and Possessions of the said School, therein mentioned, with Walter Vavasour, of Weston, in the said County, Esquire, for other Lands in the Parish of Sedbergh, aforesaid, of greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses.

77. An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session, in Scotland, to sell each Part or Parts of the Estate of Barholm in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, belonging to John McCulloch, now of Barholm, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the same, and for settling the Remainder of the said Estate in Tail on the same Series of Heirs, and in the same Manner, as is mentioned in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

78. An Act to impower the Feoffees of Roan's Charity in Greenwich, to sell a Messuage, and Two Pieces of Land, Part of the Estate of the said Charity, to the Vicar of the said Parish, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be conveyed to the like Uses; and to enable the said Vicar to take a Conveyance of the said Messuage, and Two Pieces of Land; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

79. An Act for selling the settled Estates of Henry Cornish Henley, Esquire, in Lyme Regis, Wooten Fitz-pain, and Maiden Newton, in the County of Dorset, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now stand limited.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, and certain Lot Ground, within the several Villages or Townships of Beckford, Grafton, Ashton Underhill and Bengrove, in the Parish of Beckford and County of Gloucester.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Common Pastures of Sheasby, in the Parish of Knaptoft, and County of Leicester.

82. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cow Pasture and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Helpringham, in the County of Lincoln.

83. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Pastures, called Hognaston Wynn, and Hognaston Oldfield, within the Liberty of Hognaston, in the County of Derby.

84. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Longmarston, in the County of Gloucester.

85. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Little Stukeley, in the County of Huntingdon.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds within the Township of Preston, in Holdernesse, in the East Riding of the County of York.

87. An Act for severing, dividing, inclosing and allotting divers Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds within the Townships of Groppenhall and Latchford, in the County Palatine of Chester.

88. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields within the Township and Parish of Drax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Carrs, Ings or Meadow Grounds and Commons or Waste Grounds within the Township and Parish of Holme upon Spalding Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York.

90. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Gordon Esquire, with John Norris Fisher, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

91. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Green Clerk, with Elizabeth Green, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

92. An Act for making a Partition and Division of certain Estates, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County of Durham, between Sir Edward Blackett Baronet, and Sir Walter Blackett Baronet, pursuant to an Agreement made between them.

93. An Act for the Division, Allotment and Appropriation of several Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Leicester, Nottingham and Lincoln, the Estates of Thomas Heron Esquire, whereof he is either Tenant for Life, under different Settlements, whereof he is intitled to him and his Heirs in Fee Simple.

94. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Smith Child Gentleman, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money to pay off the Incumbrances charged upon, and affecting the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

95. An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of Henry Spelman Clerk, in the County of Norfolk; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

96. An Act for Sale of certain Charity Estates therein mentioned, and to apply the Money to arise therefrom, in the building of a Town Hall and Shambles in the Town of Newark upon Trent and in the purchasing of Lands and Hereditaments for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Town, and for opening the Avenues thereto; and for laying out the Residue of the Money in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the charitable Uses therein mentioned.

97. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement, enabling the several Fee Farm and Customary Tenants within the Honour, Manor and Lordship of Hornby; and Manor of Tatham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to purchase the Timber Trees and Underwoods growing upon their respective Tenements; and for vesting the sole Property thereof in them respectively, and extinguishing the customary Right of the other Tenants therein, and for releasing and extinguishing the Freehold, Free Farm and Customary Rents, Boons, Fines and other Services of Right due and accustomed for the Tenements of such of the said Tenants who have executed the said Articles of Agreement, and of such who shall within the time limited by this Act come in and purchase their Timber Trees, Woods and Underwoods, Rents, Boons, Fines and Franchisements, with such Exceptions and Reservations only as are in this Act mentioned.

98. An Act to impower the Reverend Ptolemy Humfrey Clerk, and the Reverend John Jephcot Clerk, and Catherina Dorothea his Wife; and to exchange a Messuage and certain Closes in Thorpe Mandeville, in the County of Northampton, Part of the Glebe of the Rectory of Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, for a Messuage, Two small Cottages, and several Closes and Lands in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, Part of the Estate of Richard Jennings of Weston, in the County of Northampton, Esquire; and for the setting out, assigning and appointing other Closes, Lands or Grounds of the said Richard Jennings, in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, in lieu of Tithes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Tracts or Parcels of Common and Waste Ground called and known by the respective Names of Temple Sowerby Moor, the Down Moor, the Whinnes and Parson's Close, within the Parish of Kirkby Thore, in the County of Westmoreland.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Common or Waste Land, called Galey Common, lying within the Manor or Lordship of Galey, in the County of Stafford.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Culgaithe, in the County of Cumberland.

102. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Stanton Harcourt, in the County of Oxford.

103. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Trysul and Seisdon, in the Parish of Trysul, in the County of Stafford.

104. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Moors, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands within the Manors of Haltham cum Roughton, in the Townships of Haltham and Roughton, in the County of Lincoln.

105. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the several Parishes of Round Acton, Morvil Barrow, Much Wenlock and Astley Abbots, in the County of Salop.

106. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels of Fen, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Swineshead, in the County of Lincoln; and also, a certain Plot of Land, called Wigtoft Marsh, in and near to the said Parish of Swineshead.

107. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the Manor and Parish of Horseington, in the County of Lincoln.

108. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Philip Cade Esquire, with Catharine Whitworth, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

109. An Act for naturalizing William Villers, an Infant.

110. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates strictly entailed by the Will of the most Noble Charles Noel, late Duke of Beaufort, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Monmouth, to be settled to the same Uses.

111. An Act for discharging the Manor of Greenfield, and divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, Part of the Estate of Richard Earl of Scarborough, from the Uses, Estates and Trusts, declared concerning the same, by the Settlement executed previous to his Marriage with Barbara Countess of Scarborough, his Wife; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

112. An Act for vesting divers Freehold and Leasehold Estates, and certain Goods and Chattels, late of Sir Edward Turner Baronet, deceased, in Sir Gregory Turner Baronet, his eldest Son, as a Compensation for, and in Satisfaction of, his Claims on his said late Father's Estate and Effects.

113. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Charles Bower Adderley Esquire, in the Parishes of Hanbury and Leigh, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Incumbrances affecting the same; and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

114. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds and Commonable Lands within the Parish and Liberties of Hooknorton and Southtop, in the County of Oxford.

115. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Lands, Common Heath and Waste Grounds, within the Township of West Willoughby, in the Manor of Sudbrooke, and Parish of Ancaster, in the County of Lincoln.

116. An Act for naturalizing Jaques otherwise James Louis, an Infant, under the Age of Eighteen Years.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. undecimo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the tenth Day of May, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, in the eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the thirteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy; being the fourth Session of the thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that the Exportation of any Sort of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, out of the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, should be prohibited for a further Time;' be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[No Person shall

That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons what- N‘JPcr<*on soever shall, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from the said Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland; or load dmes^here mcr>-or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on boaid, in any Ship or other Vessel, or Boat, in t»oned, from order to be exported or carried out of the said Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, any Sort of Corn, Great Bnum or Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, under the Penalties and Forfeitures herein after ,reljnd» mentioned; that is to say, that all the said Commodities that shall be so exported, shipped, or laid on 00 Fortc, tufC board, or loaded to be exported, shipped, or carried out, contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited; and that every Offender or Offenders therein shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Bushel of Corn, f0J*n Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour; and twelve-pence for every Pound Weight of Bread, Biscuit, or Starch; Corn, Crain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity which shall be so exported, shipped, or put on board to viait. Meal, or be exported; and also the Ship, Boat, or Vessel, upon which any of the said Commodities shall be exported, Fl u^> *nd Ild# shipped, or laden to be exported, and all her Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited; ^[,r and one Moiety of all the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- cun, or Sran-h j ccffors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will fuc for the same; and for Offences which shall be an/aifoof the committed in that Part of Great Britain called England, such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered by Veifri, &c. Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or ,n £wurjf before the Justices of Assize, or at the Great Sessions in H al s, or by Information, at any General Quarter VeVuTL loeV Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division, or Place, where the Offence shall be com-JliJrcco. rnbted; and in such Suit no Kiloin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed; and for verej. Offences which shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action or fuminary Bill, or Information, in the Courts of SdTions or Exchequer in Scotland; and for Offences which shall be committed in Ireland, in his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, or at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed;

[Master and Mariners of any]

and that the Master and Mariners of

2 C. 1. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

[such Vessel

Imprisonment.

any such Ship, Boat, or Vessel, wherein any such Offence shall be committed, knowing such Offence, and a flirting, liable wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting thereunto, and being thereof duly convicted in any such Courts to three Months as shall be imprisoned for the Space of three Months without Bail or Mainprize.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any ther Persont Person or Persons, being an Officer or Officers of the Customs, or being lawfully authorised in this Behalf authored, by the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or may seize any of any three or more of them, to take and seize all such of the said Commodities, not allowed to be exported the said Com- by this Act, as he or they shall happen to find, know, or discover, to be laid on board any Ship, or other &cto^tHrP!>td, Vessel, or Boat, at Sea, or in any Port, or in any navigable River or Water, to the Intent or Purpose to be the Intent of ° exported, transported, or conveyed, out of Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true Intent of this Act; this a&j and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in which the same shall be found; and to bring the said Goods to the together with Kingss Warehouse or Warehouses belonging to the Customhouse next to the Place where such Seizures shall the Vessel. be made, or to some other safe Place (where there are no such Warehouses) in order to be proceeded against 2e fodged^in the acoorcMng to Law; and in case of Recovery, to be divided in manner as aforesaid.

houset.

III. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit the

Prohibition not Exportation of such or so much of the said Commodities, as shall be necessary to be carried in any Ship or to extend to so Ships, or other Vessel or Vessels, in their respective Voyages, for the Sustenance, Diet, and Support, of the mueh of the Commanders, Masters, Mariners, Passengers, or others, in the same Ships or Vessels only; or for the ties, as Aall be victualling or providing any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or other Ships or Vessels in his Majesty's Service, necessary for the or for his Majesty's Forces, Forts, or Garrisons $ any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-Use of Vessels in (landing.

their Voyageijor for his Majesty* Ships of War, &c. Force* or Garrisons;

nor to fuc h as Aall be carried Coastwise;

Security being first given for the due landing thereof;

nor to such at shall be exported from Great Britain to Ireland j or from Ireland to Great Britain; er to Gibraltar, Minorca, or British Colonies in America j or for the British Fishery there; the Exporter giving Security for the due landing, &c. and returning a Certificate, Officer makings fa lie Certificate, forfeits 2001. and is incapacitated.

Other Person counterfeiting, Jkc. any Certificate, forfeits 2001, drc. Penalties in what Courts to be recovered.

Application thereof.

Bonds to be prosecuted with* >n 3 Vears. Prohibition not to extend to Ri.tns exported to the Rritirti Fort*, &<. itt Alika, Set*

IV. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit any Person or Persons to ship or put on board any of the Commodities aforesaid, to be carried Coastwise; (that is to say) from any Port, Creek, or Member of the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, to any other Port, Creek* or Member of the same respectively, having such or the like Coall Cocquet, or Sufferance for that Purpose, and such of the like sufficient Security being first given for the landing and discharging the same in some other Port, Member, or Creek, of the said Kingdoms, and returning a Certificate in iix Months, as is required by Law in Cases where Goods, which are liable to pay Duties on Exportation, are carried Coastwise from one Port of Great Britain to another, and not otherwise.

V. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any of the said Commodities which shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, out of or from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain; or from Great Britain or Ireland to Gibraltar or Minorca, or unto any of his Majesty's Islands or Colonies in America, Aat have usually been supplied with any of the said Commodities from Great Britain or Ireland, for the Sustenation of the Inhabitants of the said Islands, Colonies, or Dominions; or for the Benefit of the British Fishery in those Parts only; so as the Exporter do, before the shipping or laying on board the same, declare the Island, Colony, or Dominion, Islands, Colonies, or Dominions, for which the said Commodities are respectively designed, and do bq*:ome bound with other sufficient Security in treble the Value thereof, to the Commissioners or Chief Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs belonging to the Port or Place where the same shall be shipped or put on board (who hath or have hereby Power to take such Security in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use) that such Commodities shall not be landed or sold in any Parts whatsoever, other than the Kingdoms, Dominions, Islands, or Colonies, for which the same shall be so declared; and that a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, or if no such, of the naval Officer, or some other principal Officer of the Port where the same shall be landed, shall, within the respective Times hereinL after for that Purpose mentioned (the Danger of the Seas excepted) be returned to the Officers who took the said Bonds, that the said Commodities have been landed at the Port or Place for which the same shall be so declared; and for the taking of such Security, and for giving such Certificates (which the respective Officers aforesaid are hereby on Demand required to give) no Fee or Reward shall be demanded or received; and if any Officer shall make any false Certificate of any such Commodities being so landed, such Officer shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and lose his Employment, and be incapable of serving his Majesty* his Heirs, or Successors, in any Office relating to the Customs: And if any Person shall counterfeit, rafe, or falsify, any such Certificate, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit, rased, or false Certificate, he shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and such Certificate shall be void and of no Effect; which said Penalties for Offences committed in Great Britain or Ireland\ shall be recovered in the same Courts, and in the same Manner, as the other Penalties inflicted by this Act are recoverable; and for Offences committed in the Colonies or Plantations in America, or other the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain in Europe, shall be recovered in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any Chief Court of Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction, in such respective Colonies, Plantations, or Dominions; and shall be divided into equal Moieties between his Majesty and the Informer; and the said Bond or Bonds, if not prosecuted within three Years, shall be void.

VI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the Exportation of Beans to the British Forts, Castles, and Factories in Africa, or for the Use of the Ships trading upon that Coast, that usually have been supplied with the same, from Great Britain or Ireland; so as the like Security he given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this Act to be given by Persons carrying any of the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 1. 3

VII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the United Company of Mer- nor to any or the fvams of England trading to the East Indirs, from exporting any of the said Commodities to any of their rfid Cormnodi-Torts Factories, or Settlements, for the Support of the Persons residing the re; so as the like Security be jjf*E*ft°?nd,«y g ven for the exporting thereof, as is required by this Act to be given by Persons carrying any of the said company to " Commodities to the British Colonies in America. their Forts, &c.

VIII. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Wheat, nor to wheat. Flour, Malt, Barley, Bread, Bifcuir, or Pease, to be transported out of or from the Port of Southampton Flour, Malt, only, unto the l/lands of 'Jcfv, Guerrfy, and Alderney, or any of them, for the only Use of the Inhabit- Bar, ey> Bread, ants of those Islands; so as the Exporter, before the lading of such Commodities, or laying the same on board,

do become hound, with other sufficient Security, in treble the Value thereof, which the Customer or Comp-tr0°n0 jcrfcyP" trollerof the lame Port hath hereby Power to take in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use, and for Gucmicy, and which Security no Fee or Reward shall be given or taken, that such Commodities shall he landed in the said Alderney, &c. lllands of Jcrj:y, Guernsey, and Alderney, or one of them (the Danger of the Seas only excepted) for the Usefoi the Use of of the Inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or sold in any other Parts whatsoever, and to return the like the inhabitant* Certificates of the landing the same there, as are herein required on the Exportation of the said Commodities onlX> *c# to the British Colonies in America, and within the Time for that Purpose herein mentioned; and so as the so a* the Quin* Quantity of Wheat, Flour, Malt, Barley, Bread, Biscuit, and Pease, which at any Time or Times, during tity exceed not the Continuance of this Act, shall be shipped at the said Port for the said Islands, or either of them as afore- 50C° Quarter# said, doth not exceed in the whole five thousand Quarters \ any Thing herein contained to the contrary not-,n 1 ew oe* withstanding.

IX. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to any Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Flour, to be "or to transported out of or from the Ports of il hit eh oven or Liverpoole only, into the ljlc of Man, for the only Use Floor

of the Inhabitants of that I Hand; so as the Exporter, before the lading of such Wheat, Barley, Oats, frocm white- Meal, or Flour, or laying the same on board, do become bound, with other sufficient Security, in treble haven or Liver-the Value thereof (which the Customer or Comptroller of either of the said Ports respectively hath hereby pooic to the isle Power to take in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use) for which Security no Fee or Reward shall ®M*n* for *he be given or taken, that such Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Flour, shall be landed in the said Isle ^biunuonly1*! Alan (the Danger of the Seas only excepted) for the Use of the Inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or sold in any other Parts whatsoever; and to return the like Certificates of the landing the same there, as are by this Act required on the Exportation of the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America, and within the Time for that Purpose herein mentioned; and so as the whole Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, so the Quan-Meal, and Flour, which, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, shall be shipped attlt? exceed noC both the said Ports for the said Isle of Man, shall not exceed in the whole two thousand five hundred Quarters; one Moiety thereof to be exported from the said Port of Whitehaven, and the other Moiety thereof to 0"^ Moicry'o be exported from the said Port of Liverpool; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. b- dipped front

Whitehaven, and the other MoKty born Liverpool

X. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prohibit the Committee of Mer- nor to Wheit chants trading to Africa, from exporting, during the Continuance of this Act, any Quantity of Wheat Flou.r» note*-Hour, not exceeding two hundred Quarters; or any Quantity of Bread or Biscuit, not exceeding fifteen ^ne^nnr Tons in the whole of such Bread or Biscuit, or of such Bread and Biscuit together, to the British Forts, to Bread or Bif. Castles, and Factories in Africa, for the Support of the Persons residing the re; so as the like Security be cuit, not exceed-given for the exporting thereof, as is herein required to be given by Persons carrying the said Commodities inR I5Ton,» to the British Colonic in America. Commits of

Africa Merchant* to their Fort*, &c. in Africa,

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Customs for the Commissioner* Time being shall, and they are hereby required, to give a full and true Account in Writing, to both Houses *the Custom* of Parliament, at the Beginning of the next Session thereof, of all Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, couT^toParh*! Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, that shall before that Time be exported to any Place whatsoever, by virtue or ment of all the" in pursuance of any of the Liberties or Powers hereby given or granted for that Purpose. Corn and other

Commodities so exported.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Certificates of the landing and dif- Time* Ignited charging of the said Commodities to be exported, other than Coastwise, shall be returned within the respect

five Times following; that is to say. Where the Bonds are taken in respect of any of the said Commodities ^mBonda to be exported from Great Britain or Ireland, to any of the said Colonies or Plantations in America, within lrc taken, eighteen Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds; and where to Gibraltar or Minorca, within twelve Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds; and where to the lllands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Many within six Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds; and where from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, within six Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds respectively.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, No Drawback

Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, which shall be exported by virtue of this Act, shall be intiiled to any of Bounty to be the Bounties or Drawbacks which are allowed and made payable on the Exportation of such Commodities, [^coVmoJitie* or any of them. so wp^tTd.

[Prohibition not to extend to Rice.]*

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the Exportation of Rice out of this Kingdom.

4 C. 1. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

XV. 'And whereas it is expedient that the Extraction of Low Wines, or Spirits from Wheat or Wheat The Extraction Flour, should be prohibited for a further Time;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority afore-of i^w Wines said, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Low Wines or Spirits whatsoever dial 1 be made, ex-Wheit or r0m tra^e(^» or distilled, within this Kingdom, from any Wheat or Wheat Flour: And if any Distiller or Wheat Flour Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall make, extract, or distill* Inhibited, or cause or procure to be made, extracted, or distilled, any Low Wines or Spirits from any Wheat or Wheat Flour, or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any Wheat or Wheat Hour in any Worts or Wash, in order for the making, extracting, or distilling, Low Wines or Spirits, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any Tun, Walh-batch, Cask, Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, any Wheat or Wheat Flour for the Purpose of preparing any Worts or Wash, or for nuking, extracting, or distilling Low Wines or Spirits, whether such Tun, Wash-batch, Cask, Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, hath or hath not been duly entered at the Excise Office; that then, and in each and every of the said cases, such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, or other Person or Persons acting contrary to the Directions of this Act, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Pofltflion any such under Penalty Tun, Wafll- batch, Cask, Coo per. Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, which shall be made use of contrary Forfeiture of allto the Intention of this Act, shall be found, shall respectively, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the the said Com- Sum of two hundred Pounds, and all such Wheat or Wheat Flour, and such Worts and Wash, Low Wines modities. and Spirits, shall be also forfeited.

Wheat and

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wheat or Wheat Flour shall be

Wheat Flour found in any Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or any other Place wherein Low Wines or found in any Spirits, or Worts or Wash, shall be made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, or where any Low Wines or

La^Wines and Spirits, or Worts or Wash, shall have been made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, since the first Day of

Spirit* are ex- October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, all such Wheat and Wheat Flour shall be forfeited; and traced. &c. the Person or Persons in whose Possession such Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or Place* are forfeited; shall be, shall, for every Offence respectively, also forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds,

and also loo 1.

by the Person in whose Possession found.

Officers of Er-

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Per-

cife, &c. autho- son or Persons who shall be authorised for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being* *?* or any two or more of them, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or by one or more from which Low Ju^ice or Justices of the Peace in any other Part of Great Britain, at any Time or Times, with any Officer Wines or Spirits of Excise, to enter into any Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or any other Place, wherein any Low Wines or Spirits, or Worts or Wash, shall be, or are suspected to be, made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, or wherein Low Wines or Spirits, or Worts or Wash, shall have been made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, since the first Day of October^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and shall have free Admittance into the same, and may inspect all the Materials, Vessels, and Utensils therein contained, giving thereby as little Interruption as may be to the Business which is carrying on; and in case any Orficer of Excise shall have Reason to suspect that any Wheat or Wheat Flour is mixed in any Worts or Wash, or in any other Material or Preparation, for making, extracting, or distilling Low Wines or Spirits, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, upon Payment of two Shillings and six Pence, to take a Sample, not exceeding two Quarts, of any such Worts or Wash, Material or Preparation, which shall be found in any such House, or other Place aforesaid; and in case any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, or the Owner or Occupier of any such House or Place* or any Workman or Servant to any such Distiller, Owner, or Occupier belonging, shall refuse to admit such Person or Persons as shall be so authorised, or any Officer of Excise, into any such House or Place; or shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer, or Person or Persons, in making such inspection as aforesaid; or shall not allow any such Officer to take such Sample, after the said Sum of two Shillings and six Pence shall be paid or tendered for the same, such Distiller, Owner, or Occupier, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and it shall be lawful for any such Officer of Ex*-cife, or other Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, having a Warrant for that Purpose from any two or more of the Commissioners of the Excise, or any Justice or Justices respectively as aforesaid, to seize, take* and carry away, all such Wheat and Wheat Flour as shall be found in any such House or other Place, ta-gether with all the Sacks, Bags, and other Things, in which the said Commodities shall be contained.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or Exportation, shall be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Pof-Quarters of feff10rh or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons in Trust, or for the Use or Benefit of such.

Whca^oAvheat Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, more than five Quarters of Wheat or Wheat Flour at any one Flour at one Time, in any one or more Place or Places, not being a Place or Places for preparing, making, extracting*

Time, &c. distilling, or keeping Worts or Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, every such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines

©n Forfeitures of or Spirits shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit all such Wheat and Wheat Flour, exceeding the the Surplus, and Quantity of five Quarters; and also the Sum of five Pounds for every Quarter so forfeited, exc^rtruu.h^'

XIX. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to inflict the said last-memioned Penalty and Forfeiture upon any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, who shall be the actual Grower of Wheat* and shall be poiltlTed of any Quantity of such Wheat grown by him or her in the Straw, or after the same is threshed out, or separated from the Straw; provided such Wheat shall not be kept in his or her Possession, or in the Possession of any other Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, or for a greater Space of Time than twenty Days after the same shall be threflied or separated from the Straw j and so *s such Wheat be not

are to be extracted

and take Samples, paying for the same. Penalty of refilling Admittance to an Officer, &c. or obstructing him, is icol.

Officer authorised by Warrant, nu) seize the said Com-n.odUiet.

Distiller, tkc not to have more than five

Distillers, tec. as are the Growers, 5rc.

and v* ho keep i»o: the Wheat at f.er being thuii.e.l out.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 1. 5

kept in any Place used for making, extracting, or distilling Low Wines or Spirits, or for preparing or keep- Jonathan 10 ine Worts or Wash.

XX. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to inflict the said last mentioned Penalty and Forfei- ftij,]^sgu.c turc upon any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, who pradifes the Trade of a Milier, and whoand ajfJ with was puddled of and worked any Mill or Mills for the grinding of Wheat, on or before the first Day of Or- rrfpca to such t',her, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, for or upon account of any Quantity of Wheat or Wheat D«ftiilers as are Flour which shall at any Time, during the Continuance of this Act, be found in any such Mill or Mills \ Millers,&c. any 1'hing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer or Officers of Ex- In case of In-cife, or any other Person or Perfms, shall, at any Time or Times, have Caule to suspect that any Wheat formation, upon or Wheat Flour, exceeding the Quantity of five Quarters, shall be laid or kept in any Storehouse,

Warthouse, Grainery, or other Place or Places as aforesaid, belonging to any Distiller or Maker of Lowof£xc*re Wines or Spirits, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; then, and in every such Case, upon

Oath made by such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, before the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being respedh dv, or any two or more of them, or before one or more Justice or Justices of the or a Justice of Peace residing near the Place where such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, shall susped the Peace, Warrant fame to be laid and kept, letting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion; it shall and may be lawful to r6 be granted inland for the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom such Officer or ^’*n^cto Officers, or other Person or Persons, shall make Oath as aforesaid (if he or they shall judge it reasonable) by Special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorise and impower such Officer or houses, &c. be-Officers, or other Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, determined by Day or by Night (but if in the Night, then longing to in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace) to enter into all and every Storehouse,

Warehouse, Grainery, or other Place or Places, where he or they shall suspect that any Wheat or Wheat an(j fcize all Flour, exceeding the Quantity of five Quarters as aforesaid, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any such Wheat and Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, and to seize, t ike, and carry away, all such Wheat and Wheat Wheat Flour F lour as he or they shall so find, over and above the said Quantity of five Quarters, together with all the excccd,nS 5 Sacks, Bags, or other Things, wherein the same shall be contained; and such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession such Wheat or Wheat Flour, ji,b!c to pay < K belonging to such Distiller, shall be found, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the per Quarter foe said Penalty of five Pounds for every Quarter exceeding the said Quantity of five Quarters; and the said Of- *’1 *boy« that ficer or Officers, and other Person or Persons, is or are hereby impowered by such Warrant, together with Quantity, such other Person or Persons as he or they shall take to his or their Assistance, to enter such Storehouses,

Warehouses, Graineries, and other Place or Places, and break open the Doors thereof, in case they be not opened on Demand.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Rficowyan* Ad imposed, and for the Recovery and Application whereof no other Provision is herein before made, shall be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts and Forfeitures of Record in ll’ed n:\njUr y or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland\ and that the respective Courts before where no? 01 hcr-whom the same shall be recovered, may and are hereby authorised (if they shall think fit) to mitigate all or directed. any of the pecuniary Penjlties herein before inflicted, to any Sum not Iris than one fourth Part of the Sum Penalties liable herein respectively mentioned; and that one Moiety of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, to bc muig4kCd,> shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same, or give Information of, or discover the Offence.

XXIII. Provided always, That all Suits, Prosecutions, or Informations, for Offences committed against Limitation of

this Act, shall be commenced and made within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Fad is committed, and *n-and not otherwise; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. OtfTncei a*«i°nfl

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-thise^ a6,n menced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit Lirnjtation^ shall be commenced within the Space of four Calendar Months next after the Offence shall be committed; Actiom. and if such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called En^iandy the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and Genenl the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: And if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff,

[Treble Costs.]

the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Treble Co £04 Remedy for the fiimc as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law: And if such Action or Suit he commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland the Court, before whom such Action or Suit shall be brought, shall allow the Defender to plead this Aden his Defence; and if the Purfurr shall not mlift on his Action, or if Judgement shall be given against such Purfucr, the Defender shall and m^y recover the full and real Ejcpcnces he may have been put to by any such Action or Suit.

---

[Continuation of the Act,]

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue until the twentieth Day after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. the AO*

[may be abridged.]

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, That the said Continuation may be abridged or shortened, and this Act or any Part thereof may be altered and varied, by any other Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

6 C. 2, 3, 4. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

CAP. III.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels.

[Preamble,

'Until Feb. 1, 1772, trading Ships or Vessels may be navigated by foreign Seamen 5

lb as their Number do not exceed A fourths of the Mariner* employed.

FOR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels;* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, until the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and no longer, (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships or Vessels, which shall be on their Voyage before the said first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, who shall be, and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning home, navigated in the Manner as herein after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship, or other trading Ship or Vessel, to be navigated by foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's natural or naturalized Subjects, so as the Number of such. foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed three-fourths of the Mariners at any one Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other trading Ship or Vessel; and that one-fourth, at least, of the Mariners or Seamen so employed be at all times Natives, or his Majesty's naturalized Subjects of Great Britain (sudden Death and Hazard, and Casualties of War, and the Seas, saved and excepted); one Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

This Act not to retrain the Effect of any Royal Proclamation made by virtue t«f Act 13 Geo. ti

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away, or restrain the Effect of any such Royal Proclamation, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are impowered to make by virtue of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other tiding Ships, and Privateers.*

CAP. IV.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, as relates to the prosecuting his Majesty's Right, Title, or Claim, to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty of the Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, or to any the Appurtenances to the same therein mentioned.

frreimfele.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Act 9 Geo. 3. intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general £>uiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, it is enacted, That nothing in the said Act contained shall extend, or be prejudicial, to any Right, Title, or Claim, which his Majesty then had to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty, Commonly called The Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, or to any the Manors, Messuages, Advowsons, Buildings, Lands, Tenements,

Hereditaments, and Appurtenances, being the Estate and Possession of the late Hospital of The Savoy, or

of the Master and Chaplains of the said Hospital, so as such Right, Title, or Claim, be prosecuted with Effect, by Bill, Plaint, Information, or other Suit or Proceeding, in some of his Majesty's Courts of Re cord at Westminster, within the Space of two Years, from the first Day of January, one thousand seven

shall not be pre-

hundred and sixty-nine: And whereas it is necessary that the Time mentioned in the said Provision should judicial to any be enlarged; now therefore, for amending the same in that Particular,’ be it enacted by the King’s most Claim which the Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-then had mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said Act f?c wkhm’he conta*nec* extend* or be prejudicial to any Right, Title, or Claim, which his Majesty then had, or Savoy, now hath to any of the Premises therein and herein before mentioned, so as such Right, Title, or Claim be prosecuted by Bill, Plaint, Information, or other Suit or Proceeding, in some of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, within the Space of two Years, from the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. 7

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any respect extend to affect or influence Nothing herein, the Conduction of the Clause contained in the said recited Act, whereby a Liberty is given to Grantees of contained toaf-the Crown, to prosecute with Effect their Claims within a certain Time therein mentioned, c 1-ufr 9 ,

Geo. 3. whereby-Grantees of the

CAP. V.

Crown may pro*

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of £cute their

the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one. Aims*

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion j and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to continue for a further Time an Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled. Ah All to continue and amend an All made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

[5 Geo. 3. 3 Geo. 3,

intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time: And Act

whereas an Act was made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to continue and amend the said full-mentioned Act; and for allowing the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter,

from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time: And whereas determined by two Acts made in the ninth lnd Acts 9 ant* € and tenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said last mentioned Act was continued until the 10 Geo. 3,

first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one: And whereas it is expedient that the

Importation of all the said Goods and Commodities should be allowed for a longer Time / may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty*. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act made in the eighth Year of hia, present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beefy Porky Bacony and Butter

fresh Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited lime/ shall continue, and be in full Force and further cont^ Lifect, until the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

CAP. IX.

An Act for the better pawing, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other publick Passages within the City of Winchester; and also within the several Parishes of Saint Bartholomew Hidey Saint John's in the Sokey. Saint Peter's Che efe hilly Saint Swithin; and Saint Michael in the West Sokey in the Suburbs of the said City, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein \ and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other publick Passages within the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton; and also within the several Parishes of Saint BarthLnuw Ilydey Saint Johns in the Sokey Saint Peter s Cheejehilly Saint Swithin and Saint Michael in the c ff'e/iS; key are in a very ruinous Condition, and in general very ill paved, repaired, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and the Passages thereof are greatly obstructed by various Nuisances and Annoyances: And‘

whereas several of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other publick Passages are, in some Parts thereof, too narrow, and extremely incommodious for the passing of Carriages and Persons:

And whereas it would tend greatly to the Health, Safety, and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said City an<l Suburbs thereof, and be of great publick Utility to all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other publick Passages were properly paved, repaired,

cleansed, lighted, and watched, and widened where ncctliary, and the said Nuisances, Obstructions and.

Annoyances were removed for the future; but as the same cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament,* may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s* im ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lotds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Rc- Crtmmiflleneru corder, and Aldermen of the City of // inchejUr for the Time bcingj the Honourable and Reverend Saint N.mc*.

Continued till

March 1, 177*.

8 C. 9. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

How new ones are to be appointed.

Qualification of Commissioners.

Persons acting who are not qualified, to forfeit 50 l.

No Officer or Contractor to act as a Commissioner.

First Meeting. of Ad-

Andrew Saint John, Sir Villars Chernocke Baronet, Sir Peter Rivers Gay Baronet, Charles At dot Esquire, Nicholas Baconrcau Surgeon, the Reverend Thomas Bal^uy D. D Joseph Bather Surgeon, Join Barton and John Bidden Carpenters, Peter Binjleed Joiner, the Reverend Charles Biad;/hne% John Bradlurn Wine-merchant, John Brereton Apothecary, Thomas Brereton Upholder, John Bur don Bookseller, the Reverend John Burton I) D. John Burcher Barber, Charles Carter Glazier, Robert Clarke and William Clarke Gentlemen, Nofjaujer voice Coleman Draper, the Reverend Thomas Collins, David Comjigne Grocer, Clarks Wo I-ft an Cornwall Esquire, the Reverend Re,nell Cotton, James Crick Innholder, John Collins Brewer, Wiliam Collins Tailor, John Crabb Upholder, Charles Darkin? Peruke maker, the Reverend JJni Dennis, James Dibfdale Innholder, John Dojivell senior. Butcher, John Dowling Maltster, Ge:r^> JCjh

Duthy Esquire, Timothy Detwam Wool-ftapler, William Edwards Joiner, George Lari heilmonger, Thomas Earl Confectioner, Peter Fu[]cll senior, Gentleman, the Reverend Timothy GabelL Carew Gauntlett and Peter Gauntlet!^ Wine-merchants, Edward Grace Gentleman, Edward Gater Butcher, William Gyje Mercer, William Grenville Bookseller, Harry Green Silversmith, Robert Hayes Mercer, WitUam Hays Upholder, William Hammond Esquire, John Hayes Cabinet-maker, Richard Holloway Gentleman, John Hooper Watchmaker, William Hooper Merchant, Samuel Kent Glazier, the Reverend Lancelot Kirby, Ct anley Thomas Kirby Esquire, William Kcrnot Bricklayer, Berrington King Surgeon, William Knapp lenior, Brazier, Charles Knott Gentleman, William Lavender Draper, Robert Lrver such Stone-mason, the Reverend Hairy LecD. ID* Warden of Winton College, Thomas Lipfcombe Apothecary, Charles Lyford Surgeon, Charles Lover Innholder, William Meader Merchant, the Reverend William Mence, Stephen Alinchin Miller, the Reverend Newton Ogle D. D. Dean of the Cathedral Church of Winchester, Philip Newbolt Druggill, the Reverend John Aionk Newbolt, Henry Penton Esquire, Nevinson Pool Esquire, James Poulfome Parchment-maker, George Powlett Esquire, John Puffer Grocer, the Reverend Rice Price, the Reverend Edmund P)le D. D. James Pyle Esquire, Edward Pyott Merchant, George Rogers Coach-maker, Paulet Saint John Esquire, James Serle Gentleman, Daniel Shaw Esquire, the Reverend Robert Shipman LL. D. Roger Shipman Gentleman, John Silver senior, Mercer, Nicholas Purdue Smith Wine-merchant, Richard Smith Saddler, John Smyth M. D. Henry Sparjboft Draper, James Spearing Gentleman, John Spencer senior. School-mailer, John Spencer junior. Gentleman, Thomas Stoner Esquire, the Reverend John Sturges, Francis Swanton Esquire, William Thomas Apothecary, Thomas Waldron Gentleman, Samuel JValldin Stone-mason, Thomas Goodridge Waller Mercer, the Reverend Joseph JVaiton D. D. the Reverend Richard Wavell, James ll'eljh M. D. Joseph IThatley Merchant, James White Gentleman, William Woodward senior. Merchant, John Wool Druggill, Thomas I Too is Draper, Henry Wiltshire Butcher, and Nicholas Wake Woolstapler, and their Successors (to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned) shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution: And in case of the Death of any of the above Commissioners, or some or one of them, or of removing their Residence from the said City and Parishes aforesaid, or of their Refusal or Neglect to act for the Space of one whole Year, or in case either of them shall be chosen Mayor or Alderman for the City aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, from time to time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, toeledt some other Person, qualified in the Manner after mentioned, in the Place or Stead of the Commissioner lo dying, removing, neglecting, or refuiing to act, or being chosen Mayor, or Alderman, ten Days Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election being given in Writing, Cgned by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, and affixed to some publick Place within the said City; and every Person lo elected, shall, from the Time of his Election, have the same Power and Authority for putting this Act into Execution, as if he had been expressly named and appointed a Commissioner by this Act.

Qualification of Commissioners.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be an Inhabitant of, or Resident within, the said City or Parishes aforesaid, or some or one of them, and shall be in his own Right, or Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of twenty Pounds, arising within the said City or Suburbs thereof, or shall be possessed of a personal Estate of the Value of one thousand Pounds: And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager at Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so sued shall prove that he was so qualified at the Time he acted, or otherwise flull pay the said Penalty, without any Proof being given, other than that he acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act during the Time that he shall hold any Office under the said Commissioner?, except the Office of Treasurer, or during such Time as he shall enter into, be engaged in, or have the Benefit of any Contract, or shall have any Interest in any Contract whatsoever j or after he shall have made and delivered in, or caused to be delivered in, any Proposals to the said Commissioners, to enter into, or be engaged in any Contract, or to have any Share or Interest in any Contract, such Proposals having been accepted or re-jedted by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered and required, to meet at the County Hall in the said City on Monday Fortnight next after the passing this Act, between the Hours of ten and eleven in the Forenoon, and proceed to the Execution of this Act; and then, from time to time, afterwards to adjourn themselves, and meet at any Place within the said City, as often as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 9. 9

proper for putting this Act in Execution: Provided that two Commissioners be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only; and in case two Commissioners shall not meet, then the Clerk to the Commissioners Cull and may adjourn such Meeting, provided that no Adjournment whatever shall be for more than twenty-eight Days: And if it shall happen that there shall not appear at such fit It Meeting hereby appointed to be held by the Paid Commissioners, a sufficient Number of Commissioners to adjourn to any other Day; or if at any future Meeting of the said Commissioners a sufficient Number of Commissioners shall not meet or appear to adjourn, and the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall neglect or omit to adjourn, or if any Adjournment shall be made for a longer Space of Time than twenty-eight Days, or any wrong Adjournment shall be made, then, and in every or either of such cases, the said Commissioners, or any liven or more of them, may, by public Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed at each Gate to the said City, of the Time Place of such Meeting, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the Place w here the then last Meeting was held, or appointed to be held, at any Time not less than three Days, or more than six Days, next after any such Notice shall be given, as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall and may meet accordingly at the Time and Place mentioned in the said Notice, and proceed to the Execution of this Act; and shall and may make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations as to them, or the Majority of them, present at any such Meeting, shall appear necessary, for the better and more effectual carrying this Act into Execution j and the Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings, pay their own Charges and Expences. Extern °*H

V. And be it enacted, That at every Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held by virtue of this Act, Rr^ubnon* for the Powers and Authorities hereby granted shall be carried into Execution by the major Part of the Com- Bumt-h <i..nr at missioners present, so as such major Part shall always confilt at least of the respective Numbers of Commis- Meeting,

sioners by the several Clauses of this Act directed, for the respective Purposes therein mentioned; and such

one of the said Commissioners present as the major Part of them shall appoint, shall preside, and be called President; and in cale of Equality of Voices (including his own) such President shall, upon all Occasions, have another and decisive Vote.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, Hull, at Commissionen

any Meeting, make, vary, alter, or make void any such Orders, Rules, or Regulations, in such Manner m*y alter any as they shall think needful and proper: Provided always, that no Order, Rule, or Regulation, made °,dprunJer. by the Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be revoked, varied, altered, or made void, unless the Com- ^0r^‘n RciU*c~ missioners present to revoke, vary, alter, or make void the same, shall exceed in Number the Commissioners who werc present and concurred in making such Order, Rule, or Regulation; and no Ad or

Order of the said Commissioners shall be valid, unless done at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act: And the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall cause to be provided and kept Books to be Jtooks, w herein the several Meetings and Names of the Commissioners attending such Meetings, and the kept rorer.tcr-Nommation of all Officers and Persons who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act; and all Orders »ns their and Rules, and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners at such Meetings, shall, from time to time, cce^-s». be fairly written and entered by their Clerk, or by such other Person as the President at any Meeting, in case of the Absence or Disability of the Clerk, shall appoint; and the Commissioners present and concurring in such Orders and Proceedings, together with the said Clerk or other Person, shall subscribe their Names at the End of the Proceedings of every such Meeting; and all such Entries, so signed, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be admitted to be read in Evidence in all causes, Suits, and Actions, touching any thing to be done in pursuance of this Act; and all such Books shall, at every such Meeting of the said Commissioners, be liable to the Inspection of any Person rated, and paying to the Rates which shall be made in pursuance or by virtue of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall and Commissioner* may, from time to time, nominate and appoint one or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, appoint Collector or Collectors, of the Monies to be raised by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act; and also one u KCr,#

or more Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officer and Officers as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall think necessary to employ in the Execution of this Act; and the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, may remove or displace all or any of the said Officers, or other Persons, and nominate and appoint such other Person or Persons in the Room of him or them who shall be so removed, or shall die, provided twelve Days Notice of their Intention to remove or displace such Officer or Officers, and to appoint one or more Person or Persons in his or their Room, be given in Writing, by affixing the same upon some public Place within the said City; and the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to take such Security, from time to time, for the due Execution of the said Offices respectively, as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of t(icm, shall think proper; and the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, may, and they are hereby impowered, out of the Rates to be collected by virtue of this All, to make such Allowances to such Officer or Officers, or to such other Person or Persons, as shall be aiding and aiiilting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall seem reasonable; and every Officer and oilier o.K n* to Person so to be appointed, shall, under his Hand, at such time and times, and in such Manner as the said taint. Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall direct, deliver to the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any nine or more of them, shall appoint, true and porlelt Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to his Charge determined by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by him received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed by Order of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of their, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay ali such Monies as shall remain in his Hands to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them,

10 C. 9. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Favfnv’nt, Lamps, and Wrch4 o mTcs y - ft c d in the

or to such Person or Persons as they, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint; and every Officer and Person accounting as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer) verify his Account, if required by any seven or more of the said Commissioners so to do; and if any such Officer shall not mak’ and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath, any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid, then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City or County of Southampton^ upon Complaint thereof made to him or them by the said Commissioners of any seven or more of them, may, and is and are hereby authorise J and required to issue a Summons, under his or their Hand and Sc.d, or Hands and Seals, requiring such Officer or Person so refusing or neglecting to appear before him or them, at such Time and Pla^e as shall in such Summons be appointed; which Summons shall be directed to and served by one of the Constables or Beadles of any or either of the Parishes, Wards, or Places aforesaid, by giving it to, or leaving it at the House or usual Place of Abode of such Officer or Person; and upon such Officer or Pci foil appearing or making Default, or not being to be found, the said Justice or Justices shall and may hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if, upon the Confcftion of the Party, or by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) it shall appear to such Justice or Justices, that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Person, such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorised and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal* or Hands and Seals, to be directed as aforesaid, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer and Person; and if the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person shall not be sufficient to anl wer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of diilraining and Piling the same, then, and in either of the Prnalry for not Cases aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall commit such Offender to the common Gaol of the said City accounting. or County, until he shall make a true and perfect Account and Payment, as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint; which Composition the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to make,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Property of the Lamps, Lamp Irons, Lamp Posts, Watch-houses, and Stands, to be purchased, erected, and hxed as citca in mb herein after mentioned, and all the Materials to the same respectively belonging, and the Property of all Commissioners. t^e present and future Pavement, as well in the Foot Ways and Carriage Ways, and all the present and future Posts in all and every the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Pad ages within the said City of Winchester, and within the several Parishes and Suburbs aforesaid, and of all Materials, Implements and other Things to be purchased for the Purposes of this Ac, and all the Soil of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, and of all the Selfpools, Bunnies, Watercourses, and Sewers therein, or belonging thereunto, (except as herein after is particularly mentioned) and of all Allies, Cinders, and Rubbish, to be taken and carried away from all the Houses in the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners; and they, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Affiions, in the Name or Names of any one or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment as the Case shall require, against any Person or Persons who shall Ileal, take, or carry away, any Part or Parts thereof, or any other Matter or Thing vested in the said Commissioners as afoulaiJ; and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to sell and dispose of all or any of the old and useless Materials to such Person or Persons as fhJl be willing to purchase the same; and the Money arising therefrom shall, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, be applied to such and the same Purposes or feme of them, as the Monies arising from the Rates and Assessments in and by this Act directed to be made, are directed to be applied; and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, may, and are hereby impowered, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, as they shall think proper and necessary, to sell and dispose of all or any of the Soil of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, and of all the said Scflpools, Bunnies, Watercourses, and Sewers, and of all or any of the Cinders, Allies, and Rubbifti, to be taken and carried away from the Houses or elsewhere within the City and Parishes aforesaid, and to contract with airy Person or Persons for the Sale thereof, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act; but previous to such Contract, such Notice shall he given of the Intention of the said Commissioners to enter into such Contract, at such Meeting, as before directed to be given, for displacing or removing any Officer or Officers under this Act, and the Person contracting for or purchasing the same shall have full Power and Authority to fell, carry away, and dispose thereof for his own proper Use and Benefit, and the Money arising from the Sale thereof ill a 11 be applied at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, to the same Purposes, or some of them, as the Rates hereafter mentioned are directed to be applied.

[Persons authorized to sell their own Cinders and Ashes.]

IX. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive any of the Inhabitants of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages from c-rn ‘u<*cr3 arr keCp*ing^ using, felling, or disposing of their own Cinders or Allies within their respective Houses, Yards, or Gardens, in or out of the said City and Parishes aforesaid, or any Dung, Soil, or Manure, arising from Horses or other Cattle, or their Litter or Fodder, as they shall have Occasion, or think proper: And the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to buy or rent Land, within or without the said City, for the depoihing of the boil, Ashts, Cinders, and Ruhbiih, in

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771. C. 9. 11

case they shall think proper so to do; and the Purchase money or Rent thereof shall be paid out of the said Rates, and the Property thereof shall be and is hereby vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven Commissionen or more of them, to contract with such Person as they shall think proper to act as Scavenger of the said »*y appoint a Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, with such Salary, Wages, or Re- Scaven*cr« ward as the said Commissioners, or any fe\cn or more of them, shall think proper; but, previous to such Contract, such Notice shall be given of the Intention of the said Commissioners to enter into such Contract,

as herein before is directed to be given, for displacing or removing any Officer or Officers under this Act; and the Person appointed Scavenger by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall, at Scavenger’* lead twice in every Week, or oficner, if the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall so Bu.mcm* direct 01 appoint, bring or cause to be brought, by himself, or his Servants or Agents, such Sort of Cart or Carts, or other Carriages, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, into all and every the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Pad ages, where such Carts or Carriages can pal's; and shall, at or before his or their Approach, by Sound of Pell,

Piorn, or Clapper, give Notice to the Inhabitants of their coming, and give the like Notice in every Court or other Place in which the said Carts or Carriages cannot pass, and shall abide and (lay a convenient Time in or near the said Places respectively, to the Intent that all Persons concerned may bring forth their respective D:rt, A(hcs, and Filth, to the Doors of their respective Houses, or other Premises, wherefrom the said Scavenger, his Servants or Agents, shall take and put up the same into such Cart or Carriage, and (h all carry, or cause to be carried away, the same to such Places as the said Commissioners shall appoint as aforesaid; and every Person acting as a Scavenger for the time being, shall cause all and every the Carts and Carriages, to be employed for the Purposes aforesaid, to have painted, in large Roman Letters, in the Front or moil conspicuous Part thereof, Thf. Scavenger’s Cart, or such other Words or Letters as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint; and no Person or Persons Penahy on whomsoever, except such Scavenger, his Servants or Agents, shall take or carry away, or cause to be taken a*"

or carried away, any Soil, Ashes, Duff, Dirt, Muck, Dung, or Manure, from any House in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages (except such Dung, Soil, or Manure, as such Person, or his Matter or Principal, shall lawfully and bona fide purchase and receive of such Persons as are intitled to sell the same by virtue of this Act) or drive any Cart or Carriage through any or either of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages, with or without a Bell, Horn, or Clapper, for that Purpose, or with the Words, Scavenger’s Cart, or such other Words or Letters as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall at any time direct or appoint to be painted on the Scavenger’s Carts or Carriages, painted thereon, or call for any Ashes, Dutt,

Dirt, Muck, Dung, or Manure, at any House or Place within the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Alleys*

Courts, or other public Pattages, with an intent to take or carry away the same, (except for such Dung,

Soil, or Manure, as such Pci ion, or his Matter or Principal shall lawfully and bona fide have purchased of such Persons as are intitled to lell the same by virtue of this Act) upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings: And if any Inhabitant of any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Person* dell-Alicys, Courts, or other public Passages, shall deliver, or cause, permit, or suffer to be delivered, his, vering the ir

her, or their Attics, Cinders, Dung, Dull, Dirt, Soil, Manure, or Rubbish (except such as they are to *n.T bu*

hereby authori(VJ to fell or di I pole of as aforesaid) to or for any Person or Persons who shall come 10

or call for the same with any Cart or Carriage, not having the Words, The Scavenger’s Cart, or such other Woids or Letters as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, pointed thereon, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Oncncc, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Scavenger shall, when and as often as the said Commis- streetsto be toners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, cause as well the Foot-ways as Carriage- fwepr, un^cr ways of all and every the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Gateways, and other public Fonoturc uf Passages, to be Liked, (craped, swept, and cleansed in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any 10

seven or more of them, shall think proper; and the Dirt, Soil, and Rubbish then and there found, collected, or being, shall tike and carry away, or cause to be taken and carried away, immediately, or within such Time as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum often Shillings: And in case such Scavenger, his Servants or Agents, shall not well and tiuly do, perform, and execute, or cause to be done, performed, and executed, to all and every the Articles, Matters, and Things in this Act particularly din-cted to be done and performed 20s* by him, his Servants or Agents, and also all and every such Matters and Things as he shall contract or agree to do in his Articles or Contracts with the said Commissioners, or any teven or more of them, or which shall be mentioned for him or them to do in his Appointment under the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, such Scavenger shall, for every Omission of himself, or his Servants or Agents, for which no particular Penalty is herein before inflicted, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings: And in calc the Person purchasing the Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Muck, Dung, Soil, or Manure, of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall happen to be the Scavenger (which it shall and may be lawful for him to be) such Person shall nevertheless be liable to all and every the Penalties aforesaid, as well for the Omission of himself, as of his Servants or Agents, in such and the same Manner as if he was the Scavenger only, and had not bought, purchased, or contracted for the said Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Muck, Dung, Soil, or Manure.

12 C. 9. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

[Pavements to be made and repaired.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, and at all times, when and so often as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper, to order or direct all or any of the Pavements in the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages now in being, or hereafter to be made within the City or Parishes aforesaid, or any Part or Parts of such Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, as well those Parts used by Carriages as those used by Foot-passengers, to be taken up, and the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, to be paved, relayed, repaired, raised, lowered, or altered, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper (except as herein after is particularly mentioned); and the Person or Persons authorised or directed by them to do the same, are hereby authorised and impowered to do the same accordingly: And all the Foot-ways, where practicable, shall be paved with Flatners or finooth Pavement, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them; and all the Horse and Carriage-ways with good Rag-stones, Pebbles, or other Materials, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall see fit and proper.

The High Street

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to be first paved, to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, and at all times, when and so often as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper, to order and direct all or any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages in the City or Parishes aforesaid, or any Part or Parts of such Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, to be lighted, watched, and cleansed, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper; and the Person or Persons authorised or directed to do the same, hath and have hereby full Power and Authority to do the same accordingly; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and lequired to pave, light, watch, repair, and cleanle the High Street of the said City as soon as conveniently may be after passing this Act, and before any other Street, Square, Lane, Alley, Court, or other public Passage in the City or Parishes aforesaid.

Commissioners to pave, &c,

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to oblige or impower the said Commissioners to make any Pavement in any other Street, Square, Lane, Alley, Court, or other public Passage

if proper, in the City or Parishes aforesaid, except in the High Street of the said City, unless the Majority of the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (computing the same according to the Value of such Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and not according to the Number of Persons) (landing and being within any or either of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages, shall be desirous to have the same paved, and shall signify the same under their Hands to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall approve thereof; whereupon the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall and may direct the same to be paved, in such Manner and Form as to them shall seem proper: And all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, shall extend and have relation to the said Proprietors of such Houses, as fully and effectually as if the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages so desired to be paved, had been herein before inserted and directed to be paved; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, may, and

Commissioners may contract for paving, &c.

giving previous Notice thereof.

Extent of the High Street.

Water Lane, Sec to be paved and repaired.

they are hereby impowered, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to contract with any Person or Persons for paving, relaying, repairing, raising, lowering, or altering all or any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, and the paving and pitching the same reflectively; and also the paving and pitching under or through any of the public Gates of the said City; and also for the keeping the same, or any of them, in good and sufficient Repair for such Time as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall think proper: But, previous to the making any such Contraft, such Notice shall be given of the Intention of the said Commissioners to enter into the same, as is herein before directed to be given for displacing or removing any Officer or Officers under this Act, in order for any Person or Persons willing to undertake the same, to deliver in Proposals for that Purpose, as the Lid Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall direct or appoint.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of making a Rate or Rates for defraying the Expenses of paving, lighting, watching, repairing, and cleansing the High Street of the said City, the Limits and Extent of the High Street of the said City shall be deemed to extend to and include the Fail End of the Soke Bridge on the East; and also to extend to and include a certain Messuage or Tenement, with the Garden, Stable, and Premises thereunto belonging, now in the Tenure or Occupation of Edmund Elliot Clerk; and also to the West End of the Gate, called the West Gate, of the said City; together with a House commonly called or known by the Sign of the Fighting Cocks \ and the Garden, Stable, and Premises, now in the Tenure or Occupation of Samuel Fo/lery on the West.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, and at all times, when and so often as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper, to order and direct all or any of the Carriageways of the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Alleys, Courts, and other public PalEges within the said City (which at the Time of passing this Act shall not be pitched or paved) to be altered, cleansed, and put in Repair, in such Manner as to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall seem proper; and also to order and direct all or Part of a certain Lane, called or known by the Name of Water Lane, in the East Soke, to be altered, repaired, and cleansed, in such Manner as to the said Commissioners, or

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 9. 13

any seven or more of them, shall seem proper; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[No Streets to be

XVIII. Provided, That none of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages, except the said High Street, shall be pitched or paved without such Request of the Owners or Pro- without pnetors of Houses, Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments situated therein, as is herein for that Purpose Rec*ucft of i'r°* before required. pnetort.

XIX. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to impower or oblige the said Not to extend to-Commissionei s to alter, repair, or cleanse, unless for the Purposes of making a good and convenient Foot- any Turnpike way and C rollings, any Carriage-way of any of the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Alleys, Courts, or other Road' &c’ public Passages, being Part of any Turnpike Road within the Parishes aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the paying and defraying the Costs and Charges of the paving, Charge* to be-pitching, altering, cleansing, and putting in Repair the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and P3.id by the Pro* other public Passages within the City and Parishes aforesaid; and of purchasing a sufficient Number of Glass Plict0M* Lamps, and of fixing the same; and also of building and providing Watch-houses and Stands for the same;

for the first Time shall be a Charge on, and shall be raised and paid by the several Owners or Proprietors of the several Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said City and Parishes aforesaid, having such Aid for that Purpose as is hereiQ after provided: And that for the paying and defraying the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more of them, (from and after the passing this Act) to make, assess, and impose one or more equal Pound-rate or Rates at their Discretion, to be collected annually at such Time or 1'imes in the Year as to them shall seem meet, and to endure and have Continuance for such Term or Number of Years as they shall think proper, on all and every the Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which are rated or rateable to the Poor Rates within the City or Parishes aforesaid, according to the yearly Value of the same reflectively; except a certain Messuage or Dwelling-house, together with the Barns, Stables, Buildings, Out- Except*, houses, and Grounds thereunto belonging, situate and being in the Parish of Saint Bartholomew Hyde, now in the Tenure or Possession of Samuel Jnvkesbury, called or known by the Name of Barton Farm.

XXI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be contlrued to impower the said Com- No Assessmenti

missioners to rate or alTcfs any Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Lands within any of the Parishes aforesaid, to be m4dcwilil' unless the same are situate within the Walls of the City aforesaid. out the City.

XXII. Provided also, That the Site of the College, the Close, Deanry, and Prebendal Houses, Sta- The Close and bles, Yards, Gardens, Buildings, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and also the Church-yard be- Col;es« c*-longing to the Cathedral Church of the City aforesaid, and all Houses, Hospitals, and other public Build- cmpled* ings, let apart for the Purposes of public Charity, be not included within any of the Clauses and Provisions contained in this Act; and that the same, and every Part thereof, be exempt from all Rates, Assessments,

and Impositions, which shall be made for carrying this Act into Execution.

XXIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to impower the said Com- No moretlun

missioners to rate or all'cfs any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in any of the said Streets, Two-third, tobs Squares, Lancs, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages in the City or Parishes aforesaid, (except Lands, ,n the*

Stables, Out houses, Buildings, and Tenemenrs contiguous and belonging to the Houses in the High Street Street.

of the said City) more than two third Parts of the Sum which they would be liable to be rated and a ill* 111* d

if the same were situated in the Hi oh Street of the said City, until the same shall be required to be paved by the Majority of the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments situate therein, in Manner before mentioned; after which the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more of them, shall respectively rate and alless the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alievs, Courts, or other public Passages, which the Majority of the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Lancs, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall reciuire to be paved as aforesaid, in such Manner as is herein before mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Charges and Expences, to be assessed and raised as Expends of aforesaid, shall be paid to the Collector for the time being, appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Pav,n?» seven or more of them, by the Tenants or Occupiers of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, *onrd^r^n^ and Hereditaments, (except as aforesaid); and such Tenants or Occupiers shall be at Liberty, and they Time,

are hereby impowered to deduct and retain out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, such Sum or Sums of 9

Money as they shall respectively pay on account thereof, for the Owners or Proprietors of the said Houses,

Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, who are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rents, any Lease or Contract to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Tenant or Occupier of any House, Building, Yard, Garden, how to be Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the City or Parishes aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay covered. such Charges within ten Days alter the same shall become due, and after Demand thereof, by Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Collector, to be delivered to or at the Dwelling-house of such Tenant or Occupier, the same shall and may be levied on every such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, determined by Diflrcfs and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City, returning the Overplus (if any) after deducting all Culls and Charges attending the same, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels lb dillmncd, on D< maud: And v. here any House, Building, Yard, Garden, Piece of Ocnv^trr J* LanJ, Tenement, or Herediur.itnt. Ih.dl be let or d. rrof d to nio^e than one Tenant or Tennnts, Occu- for the Purp:«r pier or Occupiers, any one or more of such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be deemed lied',nt>ia>* the Tenant or Tenants, O.cupicr or Occupier*, for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Charges shall be levied by Diflrcfs and Sale ol all or any the Goods or Chattels in such House, Building, Yard, Garden,

14 Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771. C. 9.

Commissioners may borrow Money on the Credit of the

Piece of Land, Tenement, or Hereditament; and in case any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall remove out of such House, Building, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, before such Charges shall be paid by him, her, or them 5 or if the Goods and Chattels of such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be deficient to defray such Charges, or if it shall happen that any of the said Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be empty ac the Time the said Pavements shall be begun, then, and in every such Case, such Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be, and the same are hereby made a Security for, and chargeable with all such Charges, and the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale, by Warrant as aforesaid, of any Goods or Chattels which shall after be found upon the same Houses, Building, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Owners of such Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in case such Owner or Owners shall neglect or refuse to pav the same for the Space of twenty Days next afrer the same shall be demanded of him, her, or them, by Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Collector, to be delivered to, or left at the Dwelling-house or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Owners, in case such Owner or Owners shall then live within the said City or Parishes aforesaid; and in case such Owner or Owners shall not live within the same, then under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Borough, Town, Division, or Place where such Owner or Owners shall reside; and in case any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall pay to the said Collector more Money on account of the said Charges than shall be due from him, her, or them, for the Rent of his, her, or their House, Building, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, the Overplus thereof shall and mnv he levied on the Owner or Owners of such House, Building, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, by Distress and Sale of the Goods or Chattels of such Owner or Owners, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Borough, Town, Division, or Place where such Goods or Chattels shall he, such Owner or Owners having refilled or neglected to pay the same for the Space of ten Days after Demand made thereof by such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, his or their Attorney or Agent for that Purpose appointed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, at any Meeting, may, and are hereby impowered to borrow, and to take up at interest, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of seven thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Rates, Assessments, and

Kates and Tolls. Turnpike Tolls, payable by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of defraying the Charges of the paving,

pitching, altering, cleansing, and putting in Repair the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, and of purchanng and fixing Lamps, and building Watch*houses for the first Time, as aforesaid, and to assign over the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Powers given by this Act for collecting and recovering the same, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals; the Charges of such Alignments and Conveyances to be paid out of such Rates, Assessments, and Tolls re-(jpedively, to any Person or Persons that mall advance or lend their Monies thereon, as Securities for the several Sums that shall be borrowed, and the Interest thereof as aforesaid; and Copies of all such Alignments and Conveyances shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Alignment shall be made as aforesaid, is and are hereby impowered, from time to time, by Alignment under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to be indorsed on the Back of his, her, or their Securities, or by any other Writing or Writings under his or their Hand or Hands, and Seal or Seals, which shall he executed in the Presence of two or more credible Witnessis, to assign over or transfer his, her, or their Right to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever; all which Alignments or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer within thirty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry to be made of such Alignment, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Aloney therein mentioned, to be assigned and transferred, in the find Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Assignments, and which said Book or Books 1'nall and may, at all seasonable Times, be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and after such Entry made, such Af-signment or Transfer mall intitle such Assignee, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign and transfer again, and so toties quotm; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made such Assignment or Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Alonics thereon due.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after the first Meeting no Money shall be borrowed upon the Credit of this Act, unless fourteen Days Notice, under the Hand of the Clerk, shall be given in some public Newspaper, and also fixed on the Doors of the County and City Halls in or near Wituhcjhr aforesaid, specifying the Time and Place of the Meeting of the said Commissioners for that Purpose, and the Sum and Sums of Money to be from time to time borrowed thereon.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing lrc deemed equal any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, in respect of the Priority of advancing such Sum in Degree. or Sums; but that all Persons to whom any Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall,

in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, be Creditors in equal Degree one with another. Commissioners

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, to appoint Toll-or any seven or more of them, to appoint a proper and fit Person at the several Turnpike-gates now stand-gfttlicrera. ing ancj being, or hereafter to be erected, or at the several Places where the same now arc, or hereaher shall be, within one Mile of the said City; and also to erect, or cause to be erected, a convenient Toll or Turnpike-gate, either in the Parish of Kings Worthy^ or Abbot's Worthy^ in the County of Southampton,

Assignmenti to be transferred.

Fourteen Days Notice to be given of borrowing Money.

All Creditors to

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 9. 15

as to the said Commissioners shall seem proper, and appoint a fit Person thereat, to demand, receive, and take, at each of the said Toll-gates or Turnpikes, in every Year, during the following Days; videlicet,

I rom the Morning of the Day next before the first Day of the Races, commonly called the Winchester Races, during that and the five following Days; From the Morning of the Day next but one before Mag* iiiiltn Hill and Giles's Hilly and the two tiinchester Fairs, for that and the four following Days; From the ABu.lnv Morning to Saturday Night in the Week in which the Flection of the College near Winchester shall be hulden, the several Tolls herein after mentioned, before airy Horse, Cattle, or Carriage whatsoeverf shall be permitted to pals through the same; that is to say. At each Toll or Turnpike-gate aforesaid, except at the said King's Worthy or Abbot's Worthy Gate) any Toll or Tolls not exceeding the several and respective Tolls paid at the several and respective Turnpike-gates aforesaid, at the'l ime of passing this Act, and at the said King's Worthy or Abbot's Worthy Gate, any Toll or Tolls, not exceeding the Tolls now taken at the Turnpike-gate now erected at or near the End of Hyde-Street, in the said Parish of Saint Bartholomew dh u; which laid respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of and for a Street To!!, over and above, and exclusive of all other Tolls which are or shall be authorised to be taken and collected by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now subsisting for repairing of Roads; and the said To!!>, when collided by virtue of this Act, shall be applied in the Manner herein more particularly let so, th: And the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, are hereby impowered, by themselve?, or by any Person or Persons by them, or any nine or more of them, thereunto authorised at any Meeting, to levy the Toll hereby required to be paid, upon any Person or Persons who shall, after Demand thereof i;ude, neglect or refuse to pay the same as aforesaid, or deny or hinder any Passage through any of the said Turnpikes until Payment thereof; which laid Toll shall and may be levied by Distress of any Horse or Tolls may t* !<*c Horses, or other Cattle, upon which the l oll is by this Act imposed, or upon any of the kJoods and vied by Di 11 rest. Chattels of Inch Person or Persons who ought to pay the same; and all such Horses, Cattle, or Goods, may be detained until such Toll, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall be paid; and it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so distraining, after the Space of five Days after such Distress made or taken, to loll the Horse or Horses, Cuttle, Goods or Chattels so distrained, rendering to the Owner or Owners thereof the Overplus upon Demand, after Satisfaction of the said Toll, and the reasonable Charges in making such Distress, Keeping and Sale, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to pay the said Toll to be paid Street loll more than once for passing at any Time or Times on the same Day with th* fame Cattle and buicr.ee & l>-y* Carriage; but all and every Person and Persons, after having paid such Toll once as aforesaid, and who

shall return the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at Night, shall pass Toll-free, with the same Cattle and Carriage, through the Gate or Turnpike at which any such Toll was paid, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll; which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the said l olls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of such Tolls.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or Cormr-flionen any eighteen or more of them, at a Meeting to be called for that Purpose, whereof fourteen Days Notice "-ay alter the shall be given in some public Newspaper, and also fixed on the Turnpike-gates aforesaid, from time to

time, as they shall see Occasion, to vary, alter, leflln, or reduce, when and in such Manner and Proportion as they shall think proper, the Tolls aforesaid; and afterwards to raile and augment the same, so as rot to exceed the Tolls or Sums hereby granted: And such Tolls, Rates and Assessments, so varied, altered, ldlened, and reduced, or so raised and augmented, shall and may be collected and levied, mortgaged and assigned, in such Manner, and applied to such Purposes as, and in Aid of the Rates and Assessments hereby granted for the Purposes of defraying the Charges of the paving, pitching, altering, clean ling and putting in Repair the said Streets, Squares Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, and of purchasing and fixing Lamps, and building Watch huufes, for the first Time, as aforesaid, are directed to be recovered, lev ied and applied, mortgaged and assigned, until the Charges and Expences incur!ed for the Purposes last mentioned shall be defrayed 2nd fat is run!; and afterwards shall be applied in Aid of all or any the Rates nr Assessments which by virtue of this Act are to be paid and defrayed by the Tenants and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the City and Parishes aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences attending the paving, relaying, ErptrcM of re-

repairing, liglrrrtj;, watching, and keeping in Repair, the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Alleys, Courts, p ring and and other public F ..(luges, now in being or hereafter to be made, within the City and Parishes aforesaid, dealing the after the respective Pavements therein shall have been completed for the first Time by virtue of this Act; and also the Charges and Lxpentcs attending the sweeping and cleansing, lighting and watching the iamc, gc,

from and after the passing of this Act; and also of the defraying the Salaries and VVa£Cs of all Oihceis and cupiers, other Persons to be appointed and employed by virtue hereof, and all incidental Chary s and Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and of the Powers herein granted, shall be a Charge on and be raised and paid by the Tenants and Occupiers of the several Houses, IduilJings, Land?, Tenements and Hereditaments, w'rhin tiu* laid City and Purifhcs aforesaid (except all Arable, Meadow, and Pall are Land without the W ills of the said City); and :!so favc and except all that XL linage or Dwelling-house, together wah the Earns Stables, Building'., Outhouses, and Grounds thereunto b. longing situ ite and being in the J\.r.fh of Bn* th..:mnv now in the Tenure or Possession of S.imurt It v /. /Try, called or

known "y the Name of Bau.n Farm: And for defraying such Charges and Expences, it shall and m iy be^ luwlul u>r the Ibid.Commuhoners, or any liven or more of them, once in every Year after the passing of this Act, or of cne’r, if tru v, or any liven or more of them, shall think nrccAary, the firit* Year to be computed from such one 01 the Tc.nl*> of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary-y the Nativity of Bat tJ John the LLpt.il, Snit*t AliJ.act the Archmgd, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, as shall first happen

16 C. 9. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

next after the passing of this Act, and every succceding Year from the said Feast Day, happening as aforesaid, to make one or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, upon the several Houses, Building, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the City and Parishes aforesaid (except as before excepted) according to the yearly Value thereof respectively, to be settled and ascertained by the said Corn midioners, or any seven or more of them, and in the Manner and Proportion herein before mentioned, reflecting the Mode of rating and assessing the Lands, Houses, Yards, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the City and Parishes aforesaid, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the High Street^ and other Streets of the City and Parishes aforesaid, for the first Time: And the Monies so rated and assessed shall be collected, raised, and levied, by the same Ways and Means, and in such Manner as is herein before prescribed for the collecting, raising, and levying the Rates or Assessments herein before directed to be made for the paving, pitching, and putting in Re pair the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Alleys, Courts, Gateways, and other public Pall ages, and purchasing the Lamps, and procuring a sufficient Number of Watch-houses for the first Time.

Tenants renting

XXXII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to impower the said under 5l. per Commissioners to rate and assess towards keeping in Repair, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said

Ted*from Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages in the City or Parishes aforesaid, any

beiijTmedT Tenant or Occupier of any Dwelling-house wkjph shall not be of the yearly Value of five Pounds, bur

that it shall and may be lawful to rate and afMphe Landlord and Owner inllead and in lieu of the Tenant

or Occupier thereof; and where the Landlord or Owner is so sated, the Sum assessed upon him may be paid by or levied upon the Tenant, in the same Manner as if nt himself had been rated; and all

Sum or Sums of Money paid by or levied upon such Tenant, may be deducted by him out of the Rent to be paid by him to such Landlord, who is hereby required to allow the same.

Commissioner*

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, may, to vpointsin* an(] t})ey are hereby impowered to appoint a sufficient Number of fit and able-bodied Men, not exceeding remove WatJi- -eight, to watch and guard the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, ard other public Pali3gcs m meil* the City and Parishes aforesaid, in the Night-time; and also to make such Allowances to such Watchmen

for their Attendance, out of the Rates to be raised for the Purpose of keeping in Repair the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, and lighting and watching the same; and to give such Orders and Directions concerning the Manner in which the said Watchmen shall be armed and Rationed, and fox the due and regular Performance of the said Service, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall judge reasonable and expedient; and from time to time to remove any of the said Watchmen, and appoint others in their Stead.

Vcw Buildings

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Messuage, Tenement, or other Bui!J-rot to be rated ;ng^ unoccupied or newly erected, and no new Buildings whatsoever which shall at any Time hereafter be nil occupied, eretfed or built, or become unoccupied, in the said City or Parishes, liable to be rated or a defied by virtue of this AC1, shall be rated or aflc/Ied by virtue hereof, to any Rate or Assessment hereby directed to be a Charge on the Tenants or Occupiers, until the same shall respectively have been used or occupied; and that where any House or other Building, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages, shall be rebuilt, the same shall be built in such Manner that the Fronts thereof shall not project farther into any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, than the old Foundation, and so as that no Bulk or Bow-window on the Ground-floor be set up or erected before the Front of such House or Building, without Consent in Writing of the Majority of the said Commissioners at a General Meeting to be held for that Purpose, such Majority to confilt of eighteen Commissioners at least.

Bulks and Bow-

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Bulk, Bow* window on the Ground-floor, projecting windows to be Window, Porch, Rails, or Pent-houses, shall be permitted in any Part of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Streets ^cys* Courts, or other public Passages, which shall not be twenty- four Feet in Width: And the said natrow ree. (^ommjfplonerS9 or any nine or more of them, are hereby impowered to take down any Bulk, Bow-window on the Ground-floor, projecting Window, Porch, Rails, or Pent-houses, which shall be set up, erected, or built contrary to the Intent of this Act, and to set the same Fines and Penalties as are herein directed and provided, for removing and taking down any projecting Spout or Sign.

Commissioners

XXXVI. Provided always, That if the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall, at any iToVpTicTT" t*me or t‘mcs hereafter, in any Rates or Assessments by them to be made by virtue or in pursuance of tndT-rated.8 t^1*s Act, neglect or omit to rate or assess any Person or Persons liable to such Rates or Assessments, or shall under-rate or assess any Person or Persons liable to such Rates or Assessments, and therein rated or assessed; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more of them, to rate and assess such Person or Persons so omitted or under-rated, in such Manner as to the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more of them, shall seem just and such Addition or Alteration shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been Part of the original Rates or Assessments; any Statute, Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Mrrv*y left by

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Monies collected by virtue of this Act insolvency to be shall be loft by Insolvency* or otherwise, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall made good. ancj may rr^kc an additional Rate or Assessment for supplying and making good such Deficiencies and Charges occasioned by or on account of the same; which additional Rate or Assessment shall be recovered in the same Manner as the original or annual Rates or Assessments herein before enacted are directed to be made or recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 9. 17

XXXVIII. And whereas some Doubts may hereafter arise who should be deemed the Owner or Owners, Gwod-rents Proprietor or Proprietors, of the several Houses, Buildings, Yards, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-notchargeibit# ments, within the City and Parities aforesaid; for removing whereof, be it further enacted, That such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as now have, or hereafter shall have, the immediate beneficial Estate or Interest in Possession, or as now are, or hereafter shall be, in the Perception of the Rents and Profits of and in the said several Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall, during the Continuance of such theft* Estate or Interest, be deemed and accounted the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the same respectively, in proportion to such their respect P^F0* live Interest therein, other than and except such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or such Leflor or Lessors, or other Owner or Owners of any Quit-rent, Fee-farm Rent, or other Rent reserved or issuing out of the same Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall not amount to one third Part of the full Improved or Rack Rent thereof.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, may Commissionm cause to be dug, carted and carried out of, or brought into, the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys,

Courts, and other public Passages, or into any or either of them, such Gravel, Stones, or other Materials; broutht°uit« the and employ such Artificers, Carters, and others; and do all and every such other Acts and Things as the streets, said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, stal) judge necessary or conducive to the accomplishing the Ends and Designs of this Act. "

XL. And be it further enacted, CFJpLjhe said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall and P°<*» *4 may cause to be set up Ports of V^oo'or Stone in such Part or Parts of all or any of the said Streets, al"»

Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, as they shall judge necessary; and also may set up Ports and Rails for preventing of Accidents or Casualties; and the Expences thereof shall be borne and defrayed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, out of the Monies arising from the said Rates or Assessments, or any of them.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That, for the better carrying this Act into Execution, it shall and may mike Cuttm be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to make, or cause to be made, tnd Dwln* Seflpools, Bunnies, Watercourses, Drains, and Sewers; and for that Purpose to enter by themselves, or by any Person or Persons employed by them, on the Lands of any Person or Persons which shall be deemed necessary for that Purpose; and to dig, fink, and build, and from time to time, whenever it shall be necessary, to repair the same, doing as little Damage as may be, and making good all such Damages as shall be done; and to cut through any Wall or Walls, or otherwise, into old Seflpools, Bunnies, Ditches, Drains, and Sewers, if the same shall be found necessary and proper, and to enlarge or alter the same; and the Expences attending the building, making, and keeping in Repair, from time to time, all such Seflpools,

Bunnies, Watercourses, Drains, and Sewers; and the said other Works, and the Damages occasioned thereby, shall be paid and defrayed out of the Rates and Assessments, or some of them, to be raised as aforesaid; and the same shall for ever thereafter be deemed public Seflpools, Bunnies, Watercourses, Drains,

Sewers, and Works; any Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or and m»y alter any seven or more of them, from time to time, to direct and cause the Course of any Gutter or Channel Coorfe0* running in or through the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, or Guttw* either of them, to be turned or altered in such Manner as they shall think proper; and to direct the Gates already placed or hereafter to be placed over any Sewer, to be removed and replaced, in such Manner, and at such Place and Places, as they shall think proper; all which shall, from time to time, be done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, and paid for by them, or any seven or more of them, out of the Money arising from the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, or some of them, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: And all Gutters or Watercourses from the Houses to the Carriage-ways shall be made under the Foot-ways where practicable, and be constructed or made in such Manner, and with such Materials, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That for the more effectual carrying this Act into Execution, the Power t# dig said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or any Surveyor or other Person to be employed byGravplon Pri* them, or any Person or Persons to be appointed or employed by such Surveyor or other Person, shall and vate Groun<1S may, and they are hereby impowered to dig for, take, and carry away, any Gravel, or other Materials, fit and proper for the paving and covering the Pavements, and pitching of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes,

Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, or which they shall adjudge necessary or fitting to be used in or about the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Gateways, and other public Passages, or for any other Purpose whaiffiever in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers and Authorities herein contained, in, upon, and out of, and from and out of the Lands, Fields, or Grounds, of any Person or Persons, where the same may be had or found, to be used, disposed of, and applied in or towards the raising, making, widening, ami repairing the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Alleys, Courts, Roads, and other public iMfigcs (such Lands, Fields, and Grounds, not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock,

Wood, Coppice, Nursery, or inclosed Ground planted with any Avenue ot Trees for the Ornament of any House) they the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, having an Order from the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, for so doing, filling up the Pits, and levelling the Ground from which such Materials shall be taken, and paving, or offlring to pay, rraUnf c?tlf. to the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands, Fields or Grounds, such Damages for the cutting, *"M on gathering, taking, and carrying away such Materials as aforesaid, and for carrying the same over °'vnc(,# their Grounds, as the la;d Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in

18 C. 9. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

keepers, Commissioners may repair Streets once paved by virtue of this Act.

Streets to b§ McredL

case of any Difference concerning the same, any two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Southampton shall and may, on ten Days Notice thereof to be given by the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, to the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by him, her, or them, to the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or to their Surveyor or Surveyors, or to be left at their respective Places of Abode, with some or one of their respective Families, hear, settle, and determine the Matters in Dispute, and ascertain what Damages shall be paid; and the Order and Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

PtHfem altering

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons tt* Form of the shall make, or cause to be made, any Alteration in the Form of any of the Pavements of the said Streets* to* Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages* or any Part or Parts thereof, without the Con-*2 40* sent and Direction of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, under their Hands, upon Pain of forfeiting for everv such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, over and above all Expences incurre or to be incurred, in reinstating the same*

Upon Complaint

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any two Housekeepers within the City and Parishes aforesaid of two House- shall make Complaint, in Writing under their Hands, to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, of any Defect or Want of Repair in any of the Pavements of any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes* Alleys, Courts, Ways, or other public Passages, after the same shall have been new paved or repaired by virtue of this Act; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them* shall forthwith cause the Pavement so complained of to be inspected by some Person or Persons, to be appointed by them for that Purpose; and if the same shall by him or them be found defective, and so reported to be to the said Commissioners, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall fordiwith give Orders to their Contractor or Pavior to repair the lame; and if the Contractor or Pavior to the said Commissioners, to whom such Order shall be given, shall not, within four Days next after the Receipt thereof, repair the said defective Pavements; then, and in every such Case, the said Contractor or Pavior shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Day that the said defective Payment shall remain unrepaired after the Expiration of the said four Days.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionem, or any seven or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to cause the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, to be watered as often as they shall think (it; and also to cause any Pump or Pumps, Conduit or Conduits, now Handing in any or either of the public Streets or Passages of the said City, to be removed and placed, and set up in more convenient Places, and to defray the Expences thereof out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of the Rates and Assessments by this Act directed to be made, or some of them.

Kamei of Stmti

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of th cm, shall and to be fixed at the may describe determine the Limits and Extent of the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, and other Corner*, and public Passages within the City and Parishes aforesaid, for all the Purposes of this Act, and shall and may

cause to be engraved, painted, or otherwise to be placed on a conspicuous Part of any one or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings, at or near each End, Corner* or Entrance of each of the said Streets* Squares, Lanes, Alleys^ Courts, or other public Passages, the Name by which each respective Street, Square, Lane* Alley* Court* or other public Passage* is usually called or known; and may also cause every House, Shop, Warehouse, or Building, in each of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys* Courts, or other public Passages, to be marked or numbered in such Manner as they shall think most proper for Perfosaohli. distinguishing the same; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, pull down* in-

tmting the jure, obliterate, or deface any such Name, Description* Mark, or Number, or any Part thereof, or cause

Number, uc, to or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence* forfeit and pay the lorfcit soi. gum of twenty Shillings.

Signs and Bulks to be removed.

Signs to be affixed to the Fronts of Houses.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them* shall cs be removed* and may, at any Time after the passing of this Act, cause Notice to be given to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the several Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments* in the said City and Parishes aforesaid, to take down, remove, alter, or regulate all Signs or other Emblems iifed to denote the Trade, Occupation, or Calling of any Person or Persons, Sign-posts, Sign-irons, Shew-boards, Spouts, Gutters, Sheds, Butchers Gallows, Pens, Sand-pens, Dung-pens* Shambles* Blocks, Chopping-blocks, Cellar-windows, Trees, and Polls, projecting into, or (landing or being in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public railages, and all other Incroach* ments, Nuisances, or Annoyances whatsoever, projecting into, or (landing or being in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and to cause all Signs, or other Emblems as aforesaid. Shew-boards, Spouts, and Gutters, or such Part thereof as they shall think fit, to be affixed or placed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Ware-houses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectively belong or were before affixed, and not otherwise: And in case the respective Owners or Occupiers shall refuse or neglect so to do for the Space of ten Days next after such Notice shall be given to him, her, or them respectively, (which Notice shall be given in Writing under the Hand of the said Collector for the Time being, and delivered to, or left at the Dwell rng-house or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Occupier) it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to cause such Signs, Emblems, Sign-posts, Sign-irons, Shew-boards. Spouts, Gutters, Sheds, Butchers Gallows, Pens, Sand-pens, Dung-pens, Shambles, Blocks* Chopping-blocks, Cellar-windows, Trees, and Ports, and all other Incroachments, Nuisances, or Annoyances whatsoever, to be taken down, removed, altered, and regulated, in such Manner as they shall think proper 5 and shall cause all Signs or other Emblems aforesaid, Shew-boards, Spouts, and Gutters* or such Parts thereof as they shall think fix* to be affixed or placed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops,

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 9. 19

Warehouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectively belong or were before affixed, and not other wise; and shall return, or cause to be returned to their respective Owners, to be left on the Spot, or so near as conveniently may be, for such Owner or Owners, so much of such Signs or other Emblems, Sign-posts, or other Ports, Sign-irons, Shew-boards, Spouts, Gutters, Sheds, Butchers Gallows, Pens, Sand-pens,

Dung-pens, Shambles, Incroachments, Nuisances, or Annoyances whatsoever, as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made use of, in the Alterations directed by this Act; and the Charges and Expences attending the same shall and may be recovered of the Owner or Occupier thereof respectively, in the same Manner as the Charges and Expences of paving the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Partages, for the first Time, are herein directed to be recovered: And if any Person or Per* Person*rnikinc r'ns shall, at any Time or Times thereafter, hang, place, erefl, or build, any Sign-post or other Port, incroachoxou c;gn iron, Shew-board, Spout, Gutter, Shed, Butchers Gallows, Pen, Sand-pen, Dung-pen, Pump, to forfeit 5L vrhamble. Block, Chopping-block, Cellar-window, Tree, or Port, or other Incroachment, Nuisance, or Annoyance whatsoever, or cause the same to be done, contrary to the Directions aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, and the further Sum of twenty Shillings for every Day such Nuisance or Annoyance shall continue; and the Matter Workman employed to erect, build, do, or perform the same, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to order the same to be. taken down, removed, altered, or regulated, in such Manner as they, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper; and the Person or Persons so ordered to take down, remove, alter, or regulate the same, tower to remove shall have hereby full Power and Authority to take down, remove, alter, or regulate the same accordingly, and regulate without any Notice or Warning to be given to the Owner, Tenant, or Occupier, to take down, remove, them, alter, or regulate the same; and where any Bulks, Pent-houses, and Erections shall appear to have been made, erected, and set up, before the Front or Fronts of any or either of the said Houses or Buildings, within six Months next before the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to cause the same to be removed, taken down, and regulated, in the same Manner as is hereby provided and enacted concerning all, or any, or either of the Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments herein before specifically named.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if no Spout or Gutter shall be fixed to any ifSpouti ireaot House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, for conveying the Waters from the Roofs, Caves, Cornices, affixed to the and Pent-houses of the said House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, and so into the common Chan- Fronti of fWei ncls or Drains, by proper and sufficient Pipes or Trunks, to be fixed to the Side of such He use, Ware- the Owner*,

to be appointed by the said Commissioners; and such Notice shall be left at or affixed upon the most conspicuous Part of such House or Building, to affix a good and sufficient Spout, Pipe, Trunk, or Gutter, or good and sufficient Spouts, Pipes, Trunks, or Gutters, to such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper, for conveying the Water from such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, down by the Side of the said House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, and so into the common Channel or Drains; and in case such Spout, Pipe, Trunk, or Gutter, Spouts, Pipes, Trunks, or Gutters, shall not be affixed, or the Drips from such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and other Buildings, shall not be stopped and prevented within fourteen Days next artier the leaving or fixing such Notice, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to cause a Spout, Pipe, Trunk, or Gutter, Spouts,

Pipes. Trunks, or Gutters, to be affixed to such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, and the said Drips to be altered, stopped, and regulated; and the Expences attending the same shall be borne and and tke Owners defrayed by the Owner or Owners of such House, Shop, Warehouse, or Building, and shall and may be defray the recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Tenant and Occupier of such House, Shop, Expences* Warehouse, or other Building, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold; or it shall and may be lawful for such Tenant or Occupier to fix up such Spouts, Pipes, Trunks or Gutters, and to deduct and retain the Charges and Expences thereof, and also the Money which shall or may be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of any such Tenant or Occupier aforesaid, out of his or her Rent, and every Owner, Proprietor, or Landlord is required to allow the same accordingly.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall set, place, or expose to Gocdt not to v? Sale, or cause, permit, or suffer to be set, placed, or exposed to Sale, any Goods, Chattels, Wares, or expect to Saie Merchandises whatsoever, on any Flap, Window-(hutter, or other Thing whatsoever, moveable or fixed, on Window* projecting into any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages, beyond *c‘ rt0Jcdire* the present Bulk, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever, except in Cases of absolute r:0 P.rfln to NecelTuy, shall hoop, cleanse, wash, or feald any Calk; or hew or saw, or cause to be hewed or sawed, k°°Pai > In any Stone, Wood, or Timber; or bind, make, or repair any Wheel; or (hoc or bleed, clean or dress, or i0> Ac» turn or drive loose any Horse; or wet, flack, or mix any Lime; or wet, mix, or make any Mortar; or throw or foie at any Cock or Fowl, in the Manner called Cock-scaling; or set up any Cock or Fowl to be thrown or lealed at; or shall make, orafliff in the making any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires; or fh ,11 set fire to, or let off’, or throw any Squib, Serpent, Rocket, or Firework whatsoever, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Alleys, Courts, Gateways, or other public Passages; or shall let, place, or

20 C. 9. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

expose to Sale, or cause, or permit, or suffer to be set, placed or exposed to Sale, any Goods, Chattels, Wares, or Merchandises whatsoever, on the Foot or Carriage-way of any of the said Streets, Squares, Goods net to be Lancs, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages, or any Part or Parts thereof; or hang up or expose any exposed to Sale Goods, Wares or Merchandises, or any Matter or Thing, To as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of on the Pave- the Foot-way or Carriage-way of any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Gateways, or

ment.

other public Passages; every Person so offending, in either of the said cases, shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

Bonfires not to

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever, except in Cases of absolute be made, nor Necessity, shall hoop* cleanse, wash, or feald any Cask; or hew or saw, or cause to be hewed or sawed,

8hrUwn*C#P any Stone, Wood or Timber; or bind, make, or repair, any Wheel; or shoe or bleed, clean or dress,

tulrTofsou" or turn or drive l°°fe any Horse; or wet, (lack, or mix, any Lime; or wet, mix, or make, any Mortar;

or throw or scale at any Cock or Fowl, in the Manner called Cock-scaling, or set up any Cock or Fowl to be thrown or sealed at; or shall make, or assist in the making any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires; or shall set fire to, or let off, or throw any Squib, Serpent, Rocket, or Firework whatsoever; or shall break, pull down, damage, or destroy, any Lamp or Lamps, or any the Polls, Iron, or other Furniture belonging thereto; or shall put out or extinguish any Lamp or Lamps, or cause or procure the same to be done; or cause any other Nuisance or Annoyance to be committed or remain; or shall set, place, or expose to Sale, or cause, or permit, or suffer to be set, placed, or exposed to Sale, any Goods, Chattels, Wares, or Merchandises whatsoever, in the Cathedral Church-yard; every Person so offending, in either of the said cases, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered before any one Justice of the Peace for the County of Southampton, in such and the same Manner as the other Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be recovered; which Penalty or Forfeiture, when recovered, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Cathedral Church for the Time being, as a Satisfaction for any Injury had, done, or differed, in the said Cathedral Church-yard by reason of the Offences aforesaid.

Fain «nd Mar-

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or kcu to be held, be deemed, construed, adjudged, or taken to extend, to prevent the holding the Fairs and Markets in the said Town, in such and the lame Places, and in the same Manner, as the said Fairs and Markets by Law are now intitled to be held; or to charge any Person or Persons with any Penalty or Penalties in this Act contained, for setting up any Stalls, or for setting, placing, or exposing to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, in such Fairs or Markets, or the Place or Places appointed for the holding of the same, during the Time the said Fairs or Markets is or shall be appointed to be held; this Act, or any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

N© Cattle to be LiV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall kill, (laughter. singe, feald, dress

killed, under Fe-or cut l,p) or cause to be killed, slaughtered, singed, fealded, dressed, or cutup, any Bead, Swine, Calf,

naityofio*. Sheep, or other Cattle, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Gate-ways, or other public Passages; or hang up, or cause to be hung up, any Bead, Swine, Calf, Sheep, or other Cattle, or any Part or Parts thereof, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Gate-ways, or other public Passages, every Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay or Swine be the Sum of twenty Shillings: And if any Swine shall be found wandering about the said Streets, Squares,

permitted to Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Gate-ways, or other public Passages, the Owner or Owners thereof shall, for

wander in the every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings: And it shall and may be lawful to and for

nStyof io*fc *an? Officer or Officers of the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to impound Power to im- such Swine in the common Pound, or such other Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said found them, Commissioners, or any seven or more of them; and the same to detain in the said Pound or Place until the said Sum of ten Shillings, and the Expence of impounding such Swine, shall be fully paid and satisfied;

and if, in such Case, such Penalty and Expences shall not be paid within six Days after such Swine shall be so impounded, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, for that Purpose, to fell, or cause such Swine to be sold, and the Overplus, if any be, to be paid to the Owner or Owners thereof: Provided that whether such Swine shall be so impounded or not, the Owner or Owners thereof shall nevertheless forfeit and pay the said Sum of ten Shillings.

Annoyancei by

LV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Hogstye, Laystall, Necessary-house, Flesh, Dung, Hogsties, &c. to Carrion, Blood, Offal, Soil, or Filth, or any of the Ashes, Cinders, or Rubbish, preserved by Persons, thren^VN11 ky virtue of the Proviso in this Act for that Purpose contained, or any other noisome Matter whatsoever tic7oa Penalty" shall be offensive to any Person in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other of jos.perdi/m. public Passages, the same shall be deemed a Nuisance, and an Offence against this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, upon Complaint thereof made to them by such Person, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, or under the Hand of their Collector, to order such Nuisance or Offence to be removed by the Person or Persons who ought to remove the same; and in case the same shall not be removed within three Days after such Notice given to the Person or Persons who ought to remove the same, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings daily, for every Day the same shall continue unremoved after the Expiration of the said three Days.

[Necessary-houses to be emptied between 12 at Night and 4 in the Morning,]

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Necessary-house or Bog-house in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, shall be emptied at any Time except between laat the Hours of twelve at Night and four in the Morning, or the Soil thereof shall be laid in any other Place Kight and in than be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, by any orning, Person or Persons; then, and in either of the said cases, as well the Person or Persons knowingly employing

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 9. 21

any Person or Persons for that Purpose, as the Person or Persons committing the Offence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; and if any Person or Persons, shall wilfully on Penalty of or negligently spill any Soil of any Necessary-house or Bog-house in any of the said Streets, Squares, 4*1*

Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Gateways, or other public Passages, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

[Penalty

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who shall contract with the said Com-forfift-missioners, or any seven or more of them, to cleanse the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Afl*e# in and other public Passages as aforesaid, or any of them, or who shall purchase the Soil thereof of the said *treet,*OK Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or any of his, her, or their Servants or Agents, or if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall fist any Ashes, Duff, or Cinders, either in or out of any Cart or Carriage, or in any other Manner howsoever, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages, every Person so offending (nail, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall throw, cast^ or lay, ForActn,&c» or cause, or permit, or suffer to be thrown, cast or laid any Ashes, Duff, Dirt, Dung, Soil, Filth, or thrown in the Rubbish, or the Refuse of any Garden-duff, or any Blood, Offal, or Carrion, or any other noisome or of-Stiect» fenfive Matter or Thing whatsoever, into or in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alievs, Courts,

Gate-ways, or other public Passages, every Person so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay First Offence, 5* the Sum of five Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum often Shillings; and for the third, and every Second offence, other Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, to credl or set up in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other frVa^ncTorum public Passages, any Inclosures, Posts, Bars, or Rails, or other Matters or Things for the Purpose of for depositio* making Mortar, or depositing Bricks, Lime, or other Materials, for building or repairing any Houses, Brick*, &c. foe Buildings, or other Works, every such Person and Persons leaving, or causing to be left, convenient Room Building* for Carriages, and also a convenient Footway in a direct Line with the Foot Pavement for Passengers to pass and repais, the Owner or Owners of such House or Building causing the same to be removed out of the said Street, Square, Lane, Alley, Court, or other public Passage, together with all Rubbish occasioned thereby, or by such Building, within a reasonable Time, and setting up and maintaining a sufficient Light upon or against the same every Night, during the whole Night from the Time it becomes dark, to prevent Accidents: And if any Person or Persons shall eredfc or set up any such Inclosure, Posts, Bars, or Rails, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, for the Purposes aforesaid, in any other Manner than is hereby directed, or shall not remove the same, together with such Rubbish as aforesaid, within a reasonable Time, or shall not set up such Light as aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

LX. And, for the more speedy Removal of such Nuisances and Obstructions in the City and Parishes No Cart, *c. to aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted, That if, after the passing of this Act, any Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage shall be left, or suffered to (land or continue, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, shan'newflary Alleys, Courts, Gate-ways, or other public Passages, or in any Part or Parts thereof, with or wkhout for io*din5 and Hones or other Cattle, other than for the necessary loading or unloading thereof; or if any Timber, unloading* Bricks, Stones, Slates, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Materials, or Things whatsoever, shall be laid or placed and left in any such Street, Square, Lane,

Alley, Court, Gateway, or other public Passage, longer than shall be necessary for the housing or removing the same; then, and in every such Case, the Owner or Owners of every such Cart, Waggon, Dray* or other Carriage, or of any such Timber, Bricks, Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Materials, or Things,

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, and the same shall moreover be on Penalty %$ deemed Nuisances; and any Person whosoever may, either in the Day with a Peace Officer, but if in the tou Night may, without such Peace Officer, seize, or cause to be seized, the Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, so placed, or suffered to (land or continue, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, together with the Horse or Horses thereunto belonging or affixed, if any, or the Timber, Bricks, Stones, Slates*

Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Materials, or Things, so laid or placed as aforesaid, and remove the same, or cause the same to be removed, to the common Pound, or such other Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, there to be kept and detained, until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her* or their known Servant or Servants shall claim the same, and pay to the Person or Persons, in whose Custody the same shall then be, the Sum of twenty Shillings, together with the Charges of removing and keeping the same; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Sum of twenty Shillings and the Charges paid within the Space of six Days next after such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to cause the same to be appraised and fold, and the Monies arising therefrom shall be applied to the same Uses and Purposes as the Money arising from the Rates or Assessments are hereby directed to be applied.

LXI. Provided, That if any Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage shall be so placed*, or suffered to

stand or continue 23 aforesaid; or any Timber, Bricks, Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Materials, or funded"0* Things, shall be so laid or placed as aforesaid, and the fime shall not be seized and impounded as aforesaid ;poun the Owner or Owners of such Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, or of such Timber, Bricks,

Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Materials, or Things, shall, nevertheless, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Offence by such Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, being so placed, or

22 C. 9. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Cellar-windows at Night to be Sufficiently lighted.

Penalty for obstructing Gate-ways.

Commissioners

suffered to stand or continue, or such Timber, Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, Bricks, Materials, or Things, being so laid or placed, or left as aforesaid.

No Wheel- LaII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time after the passing of barrow, &c. to this Act, run, drive, or carry, or cause to be run, driven, drawn, carried, or placed on any of the Foot-be driven on the pavements in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages, any Wheel oot-pavemen. or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Truck, or Carriage whatsoever; or shall roll any Caflc;

or wilfully ride, drive or lead, or cause to be rode, driven, or led, any Horse or other Cattle, on any of the said Foot-pavements, to be made in pursuance of this Act, other than in Cases of Necessity, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay for the first Offence the Sum of ten Shillings, for the second Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings, and for the third and every other Offence the Sum of forty Shillings; provided that no Person or Persons shall be liable to such Penalties for rolling any Calk on the said Foot-pavements, unless the same shall have been rolled thereon for the Space of forty Yards or upwards.

No Cart to be

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, at any Time after the passing of this drove faster than drive any Cart, Dray, Waggon, Truck, or other Carriage for the Conveyance of Goods, in or through without fomen°r an^ Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages faster than a Foot Pace,

person1 leading or without some Person on Foot leading the Shaft or Thill Horse, by a Halter or Rein affixed to the Head the Thill Horse. of such Horse, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Cellar-window or Windows shall be left open in the Evening, or in the Night, without the same being sufficiently lighted, to prevent Accidents happening therefrom; or if any such Cellar-window, or Cellar-windows, shall, at any Time, be left open to as to obstruct the Foot-ways in any or either of the said Streets, the Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Cellar shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the passing of this Act, obstruct any of the Gate-ways, or narrow Streets or Lancs of the City or Parishes aforesaid, by overloading any Carriage, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or to buy Land, and any fourteen or more of them, for the Purposes of this Act. to buy or rent any Piece or Parcel of Land make a Pound. they ^all think most convenient, within or out of the said City, for the building and erecting a common Pound for the Purposes of this Act; and to build such Pound or Pounds thereon, either open or covered, as the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more of them, shall think proper, and the Expences thereof shall be defrayed out of the Monies arising; from the Rates or Assessments by this Act directed to be made; and the said Lands shall be verted in the said Commissioners for the Purpose of such Pound or Pounds, according to the Terms of the Conveyance to them made.

They may boy

LXVIL. And whereas it may happen that the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more of them, may wid nfn ^Stx ta ^ink it necessary for enlarging, widening, or rendering more commodious the said Streets, Squares, Lanes,

1 cmng ce, ^|jeys, Courts, Gate-ways, and other public Passages, to take down some House or Houses, Sheds, or other Buildings, or some Part or Parts thereof; or to take in some Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground, which they may not be enabled to effectuate by all or any of the Powers and Authorities herein before contained $ be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more of them, to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any House, Shed, or other Building, or any Part or Parts of any House, Shed, or other Building, or with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground, for the Purchase of the said House, Shed, or Building, or such Part or Parts thereof, or of such Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground for the Use of the Publick, paying for the same out of the Monies arising from the said Rates or Assessments, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Corn-Jury to ascertain missioners, or any fourteen or more of them, and such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors; and the Value, if in case they cannot agree, paying a reasonable Recompence and Satisfaction, to be ascertained by and upon the Oaths of twelve indifferent Men of the City and Parishes aforesaid fwhich Oath any two or more of the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer) and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, to issue a Summons, under the Hands and Seals of any seven or more of them, requiring an indifferent Jury of twenty-four Men of the City or Parishes aforesaid, to attend at such Time and Place as shall be expressed in such Summons: And the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall, at such Time and Place, swear, or cause to be sworn, twelve of the twenty-four, who shall be drawn by Ballot by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, which twelve shall be a Jury for ascertaining the Value of such House, Shed, or other Building, whole Valuation therein shall be binding and conclusive to all Parties and Persons whatever: And the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more of them, shall order such House, Shed, or other Building, or such Part or Parts of such House, Shed, or other Building, to be taken down and removed, and the Expences attending the taking down and removing the same, shall be paid by the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more of them, out of the Monies arising from the said Rates or Assessments; and the Scite of such House, Shed, or Building, or of such Part or Parts of such House, Shed, or Building, and such Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground so purchased by the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more of them, shall be laid into the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, for the widening, enlarging, and rendering more commodious the same; or otherwise dispose of the same as the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more of them, shall think proper; and shall for ever after be deemed and taken to be Part of the

Persons cannot agree with the Commissioners.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 9. 13

the said public Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Gate-ways, and other public Passages; and shall be paved, repaired, swept, and cleansed, in such and the same Manner as the other Streets, Squares,

Courts, Ways, Roads, Lanes, Alievs, Gate-ways, and other public Passages, in the City and Parishes aforesaid, are in and by this Act directed to be paved and repaired, swept and cleansed; and shall be subject to all and every the Powers and Authorities in this Act contained, relative to the said Streets, Squares,

Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages in the City and Parishes aforesaid.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of purchasing all or any Land, Chtrfsesofpor-Houses, Sheds, or other Buildings, within the Term of seven Years after passing this Act, shall be deemed «hl*nsHoofe* and taken to be a Charge on the Owners and Proprietors of Houses. Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-jc^>ai0t|ur meats, within the City and Parishes aforesaid, to be collected in the same Manner as the other Rates on Rites, the Owners and Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, are herein before directed; and from and after the said Term of seven Years the same shall be a Charge on the Tenants and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the City and Parishes aforesaid, to be raised and collected in the same Manner, and to be under the same Restrictions, Provisoes, and Exceptions, as all other Tenants Dues, Duties, Taxes, and Impositions, are herein directed.

LXIX. And whereas it may happen that some Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Bod!e«Politic Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust. or others, are or may be seised or possessed of the said Houses,»®p°w«t4* Sheds, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, and such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate orfcU# Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or Feoffees, may be willing to treat or agree for the Sale of such Houses, Sheds, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, but may be incapable of granting or conveying the same by reason of Infancy or other Disability; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and aH Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, or other Trustees whatsoever, for. or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Houses, Sheds, Buildings*

Lands, or Hereditaments, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more of them, for the Purchase of such Houses, Sheds, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for their Interest therein, for the Purpose aforesaid, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be and require; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Commissioner in any No Ftrfcn seal* Case relating to the contracting for, or puchasing any Houses, Sheds, Buildings, Lands, or Heredita- ft*1 Comments, wherein he shall be personally concerned in interest. miwhore

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any time or times hereafter,

obstruct, hinder, or molest any Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be ftroaintthe° employed in the Execution of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty; every such Workif Person or Persons so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, for for the first Of the second Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, and for the third, and every other Off ence, the Sum of three f*nce 20 for Pounds: And if any Person or Persons shall strike or assault any such Officer or Officers, or other Person or the* Persons, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty under this Act, every such Person shall, for third tl* every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break up. And for da. destroy, or otherwise damage or fboil any of the Works when done or doing in pursuance of this Act, or !Srlc5* any Part or Parts thereof, every Person so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of 401 ^ndfor6 forty Shillings, and for the second, and every other Offence, the Sum of five Pounds. futurt Ofleocat*

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons, 5j. who shall be included by virtue of this Act to make any Rate or Assessment for the Purposes of altering, re- No Scavenger on pairing, cleansing, and mending any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Roads, High- Highway Kata* ways, or other public Passages in the City or Parishes aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall be liable or be subject to any Scavenger's Rate, Duty, or Labour, to be done upon any of the said Streets, Squares,

Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Roads, Highways, or other public Passages; or be subject or liable to contribute to any Highway Rate or Duty for the repairing, cleansing, altering, or amending any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Roads, or Highways; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, Puerto Her or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby impowered and required, under their Hands and Seals, ir

to license all such Hackney Chairs which, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, shall be kept and used for Hire within the City and Parishes aforesaid, and shall and may fix and ascertain such Rates and Prices for the Carriage of the same, as to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, flail seem proper; and if any Hackney Chairman shall refuse to go at, or shall Pfa»'ty ft>r exact more for his Hire than the Sums limited by the said Commissioners, or shall keep or use any Chair takin* more for Hire, unless licensed as aforesaid, he shall forfeit for such Offence not Ids than ten Shillings, nor more

c. it 0 lemed; JO* r»o*

than futy Shillings. Wa«

24 C. 9. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Bread Wheels to be used.

Commissioners may, if necessary, prohibit Carriages from dragging.

Person removing,

remove.

Collectors to distrain for the same.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, if any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Car, or Dray, kept by any Person or Persons residing within the City or Parishes aforesaid, or kept by any other Person or Persons for the carrying any Goods, Wares, Merchandises, or other Commodities, from one Part of the City or Parishes aforesaid to another (except all Carriages belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and except any Carriage laden with one riece of Stone, one Block of Marble, or one Piece of Timber) shall be drawn on any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages within the City and Parishes aforesaid, which shall be paved, repaired, cleansed, and amended, by virtue of this Act, the Wheels whereof shall be of less Width or Gage in the Sole or Fellies thereof than nine Inches, or bound with Iron in any other Manner than the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall, from time to time, direct and appoint, the Owner and Owners of every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Car, or Dray, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit not less than ten Shillings, nor more than forty Shillings.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed at each and every of the Turnpike Gates before mentioned, to make any Order, prohibiting all or any Waggons, Carts, Cars, Wains, Coaches, Chaises, Caravans, Chairs, or other Carriages, from dragging upon all or any Part of such Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Roads, Highways, and other public Passages within the City and Parishes aforesaid, as are before included in this Act: And any Person offending against such Order shall forfeit not less than ten Shillings, nor more than forty Shillings; which Forfeiture or Penalty shall be levied and recovered in such Manner as all other Forfeitures and Penalties are herein before directed to be recovered.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any Rate*«pP to the Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments aforesaid, within the City Thne he fluU* ant* Panics aforesaid, out of which any other Person liable to the Payment of any Rate or Assessment made by virtue of this Act shall be removed, every Person so removing from, and every Person so coming into or occupying such Premises, shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment, in proportion to the Time that each Person occupied the same respectively; and in case any Person shall quit his or her House, Building, Land, Tenement, and Hereditament, before he or she shall have paid any Rate or proportionable Part by him or her due and payable, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to pay the same when demanded, it shall be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Person shall then reside or be found, (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required to grant, upon due Proof thereof made before him or them upon Oath; to levy such Rate or proportional Part thereof by Distress and Sale of such Person’s Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus, if any, on Demand, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels have been so distrained and fold, after all Charges paid.

Penalty for breakmg Lamps.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise damage any l^e Lamps which shall be creded by the said Commissioners, or any of the Posts, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or shall extinguish any of the said Lamps, ic shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in and for the City and County aforesaid, and he is hereby required, upon Oath made of the Commission of any such Offence, to issue a Warrant for apprehending the Party accused; or it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in apprehending the Offender; and, by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to deliver him or her into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County; and the Party accused being brought before any such Justice, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear, or be produced,*to give Information touching such Offence: And if the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his or her own Confession, or upon Information as aforesaid, he or she so convicted shall, for the first Offence respectively, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings for each Lamp so broken, thrown down, damaged, or extinguished, as aforesaid; and for the second Offence the Sum of fifteen Shillings for every such Lamp; and for the third and every subsequent Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Lamp; and full Satisfaction shall also be made to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Clerk, by such Offender or Offenders, for the Damage so by him or her done; and in case such Offender shall not, upon Conviction, pay the Forfeiture by him or her incurred, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted is hereby required to commit him or her to the House of Correction or Common Gaol for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months; and such Offender shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he or she shall be committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given; and one Moiety of the said respective Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied as the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act are directed to be applied:

[Persons tcclden*

And if any Person shall negligently or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise damage any tally breaking of the said Lamps, or any of the Pons, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not upon Demand Ympf\i0 malce ma^c Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Clerk, ottufaction. for the Damage by such Person done as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the City or County aforesaid, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint thereof made by any seven or more of the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to summon the Party complained of, and, upon

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 9. 25

his or her appearing, or making Default to appear (Oath being made that the Party complained of was served with such Summons, or that the same was left at his or her Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, if know'n, or that he or she could not be found) such Justice shall proceed to examine the Matter of r! c ibid Complaint, and, upon Proof thereof, either by Confession of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of oncer more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall award and order such Satisfaction to be made by the Party complained of, for the Damage fu by him or her done, as to such Justice ll 1 a 11 appear juit and reasonable; and shall catife the Sum so awarded (in case the same be not paid forthwith upon the making such Award or Order) to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person complained of, rendering to him or her, upon Demand, the Overplus, if any be, after the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint, and of such Distress and Sale, shall be deduced.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Money expended by or recovered against any Commissioner or Commissioners, in any Action or Prosecution hereby directed to be brought by them, or in defending any Action or Prosecution brought against them, or any other Person or Persons employed by or under them, for any Matter or Thing done in the Execution or Performance of his or their Office or Offices, Employment or Employments, under this Act, or in pursuance of any Order or Orders of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them (and which Money shall not be recovered or received strain by such Commissioner or Commissioners, or other Person or Persons, from any such Defendant or Defendants, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs) shall be borne and defrayed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of the Kates or A fled men ts herein before directed to be made, or some of them.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That if the Collector of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this on ofi-Act, or other Officer to be appointed by virtue hereof, or any Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, ter * t or other Peace Officer for the time being, or any or either of them, or any or either or the said Watch- ,n* hiS Jiy# men, shall refuse, neglect, or omit to do, perform, or execute all or any of the Articles, Matters, nr Things, in and by this Act directed to be done, performed, or executed by them respectively, every Inch Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings: Provided that nothing herein contained dial 1 be construed to deprive the said Commissioners, or any of them, of any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, against every such Collector or other Officer, or their or citWr of their Securities, for the Non-performance of any Covenant or Agreement entered into by the said Collector or other Officer, or their Securities.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by tiffs Act incurred (the Manner ot recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied by Distress and Sale or the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City, or for the County or Place where f:ch G. Fender or Offenders shall be or reside, which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to grant, such Offender or Offenders having been previously convicted of any Offence or Offences ch.ne or committed contrary to the true Intent of this Act, bcloic any one or more of the la: 1 Justice or Justices, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or WitivJRs; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) when demanded, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be lo distrained and fold (the Chirgcs of such Distress and Sa's being first deducted) shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and shall he applied (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) for and towards the Purposes of this Act, or some of them, in such and the same Manner as the Money a r iff re from the Rates or Assessments herein betorc mentioned is directed to be applied; and in case fufRcient Distress cannot be found, and such Penal- v/hyyP.Prr!* tics and Forfeitures shall not be paid, it shall and may be lawful for Inch Justice or Justices, and lie or not they is and are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their HunJ and Seal, or Hands

S 3rd: ii vr

ret 'f-ici «i;ia iiv-j.

fail Pa.ilh.s or Places shall be admitted to give Evidence, the Rate or Ail.ii runt charged as> aforesaid upon wuik.Ks. any such li.h:.1 itant by virtue of tiffs Act notwithstanding

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be subjcT or Irishrmi-'n habit- to the Payment of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures inffktcJ by virtue of this A A, for any Om-mc cr (;fftncc< against this Act, unless Information shall be given of such Offence or Ofi.jiers wry in three lU c 4 Months next after the Offence committed, favc and except the Penalties in and by this Act mfhcUd for N on pivment of the Rates or Assessments in and determined by this Act directed to be made.

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, l int it shall and m:»v h? 1 ivvyal to and for the IA:r~r*i fa.J Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, it they Ih di ( e C ause, to p :y and rr u-.wt.rJ. apply such Parted the Penalties and Forfeitures in anil by this Act inflicted or imp >»ed, or any ol tium,

3*1 they shall think proper, not exceeding one Moiety of them, to and for the Lie of the (morin-v or Infoimers of any Offence or Oilencts against this Act, or any of them j any I hing heutn cont.ffiieJ to the comrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Conviction shall be b. d for my T> rna of CV*-Offence or Ofknrcs committed against this Act, or ngainfl any Order ot cession, or any M -tier i

Pufuance of this Act, the Form ot Conviction shall be in the W ord-, or to the Effect so.lowing! ih-t J* to say,

26 C. 9. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

or County of

BE it remembered, that on this

to wit9

Day of in the

___Year of the Reign of A.B. is convicted before

41 of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said or County [as the Case shall happen] of

€i having [as the Offence shall be] and [I or we] the said do adjudge

[him, her, or them] to forfeit and pay for the same the Sum of

u Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.’*’

Offender to pay

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Offence, the Expence of Neglect, Gr Omission against this Act, or any of the Powers or Directions herein contained, and shall be "T1 thereupon summoned before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace; or if any Person or Persons shall be convicted by any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of any such Offence, Neglect, or OmiiTion, every such Person and Persons shall pay the Costs of such Summons or Conviction, according*, to the Fees herein directed to be taken by Justices of the Peace, or their Clerks; and the Distress to be taken in consequence of such Conviction shall be for such Costs, as well as the other Monies for which such Distress shall be made; any Statute, Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Justice* allowed to take Fee«. or

be as follow; that is to say, For each and every In form aFion, Summons, or Conviction, against a single Person, one Shilling; and against more than one Person, two Shillings; for every Warrant of Distress, two Shillings; and for every Recognizance, two Shillings and Sixpence; and no greater or other Fees shall be taken by any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or his or their Clerk or Clerks, for any Matter or Thing to be done by him or them in or about the Execution of this Act, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever.

Not to extend to

LXXXVII. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to such Fees as shall Fees due for be jue for nny Business to be done at the General or other Sections of the Peace in and for the City or SeffitR-s* thC bounty aforesaid, or any Adjournment thereof; but that such Fees shall be there taken as are usually taken 1L * in the like cases.

LXXXVIII. Provided also, That all Matters and Things herein di refled to be done, performed, or executed, by any Constable or Constables, or which, in consequence or in the Execution of this Act, or any Power or Authority herein contained, shall be necessary to be done, performed, or executed, by any Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer, shall be done, performed, and executed, by such Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer, without any Fee or Reward whatsoever.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor of the said

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Fees to be taken by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, r his or their Clerk or Clerks, for any Matter or Thing to be done in the Execution of this Act, shall

Constables and others to act without Feet.

Commissionert

may aa as juf- Qty for the time being, and for the other Justices of the Peace for the said City, to act as Justices of the c ’ Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being appointed Commissioners.

XC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any of the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed shall be recovered, to mitigate, compound, or lessen any of the Penalties or Forfeitures aforesaid, as he or they in their Discretion shall think fit, unless such Penalties are herein before expressly ascertained, so as that the same be not mitigated, or reduced to less than one fourth Part thereof.

Distress not un-

XCI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money lawful for want to be levied by this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making t Form, the same be deemed a.Trefpufler or Trespassers, on account of any Defefl or Want ol Form in any Pro-

ceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a T«efpaftei cr I'ldpa/Ters ah iniiiOy on account of any Irregularities which shall afterwards be done by the Party or Pame:. distrain— ing; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Case.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That when the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhaM recover in any Action, he, she, or they shall be paid his, her, or their full Coffs of Suit, and have the like Remedies for recovering the same as for the Recovery of Costs in other Cases by Law,

aCIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuar.ee of this Act, such Person or Persons shall Quarter Session* and may, within three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, appeal to the Just-r the County. tjces of the peace at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of Southampton, such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or causing to be given. Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or causes thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, within two Days next ifter such Notice, entering into a Recognizance or Recognizances before some Justice of the Peace in and for the said County, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, mentioned in such Notice* and abide the Order, and pay such Costs as shall he awarded by the Justices of the said County, and the Matter of such Appeal dial 1 be heard and determined by the said Justices for the said City and County, at the next General Sessions of the Peace to be^ held in and for the said County, or any Adjournment thereof, or at any Adjournment of the then last General Sessions of the Peace in and for the said County, which of the three shall first happen ntxc ' alter

Power to mitigate Penalties.

Costs of Suit how to be to covered.

Persons may appeal to the

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 9. 27

after the Expiration of twenty Days from the Day of giving such Notice; and the said Justices, at such m*y

Sciiions or Adjournments, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such give Corti, Recognizance or Recognizances, shall hear smd finally determine the causes and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs for the Appellant or Appellants, or Respondent or Respondents, as they the said Justices shall thinlc proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Parties concerned or interested therein.

XCIV. Provided always, That upon all Appeals from any of the Rates or Assessments to be made or Ratcimay beat* imp >icd by the Authority of this Act, the Justices of the Peace, where they shall fie just Cause for Relief, leic* uc‘ (null and are hereby impowered to amend the same Rates and Assessments, in such Manner only as shall be ccllurI. r.rcclfary for giving such Relief, without altering such Rates or Assessments with respect to other Persons mentioned in the same.

XCV. Provided alto, That in case the Money collected in any one Year shall not be sufficient to answer Deficiency of the Purposes for which the same was rated and afldfed, that i’uch Deficiency shall be supplied by or out Rjte*how 10 bc of a Rate to be made the next following Year. mtc,c BOO<*'

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of procuring and puffing this Act c,larse*10 be shall be paid out of the first Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act. Monies! °*

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or toTc^uT^dTJr transacded in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form, or be want of form, removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Re- nor removed by cord at U'cjlminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. Certiorari.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Licence, Information, Or- Securities to fe« der. Judgment, Conviction, Warrant, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands without Stamp*, and Seals, of, or only signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, touching, concerning, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vested in such Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, or any Conveyance to the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any other Deed or Instrument whatsoever touching this Act, or the Execution thereof,

shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted Limitation of against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless twenty-one Days Notice A^onl* thereof shall be first given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or unless the same shall be commenced before the Expiration of six Months next after the Fast committed, or unless Tender or reasonable Amends hath not or shall not have been made, by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, nor unless such Action or Suit stall be laid and brought in the County of Southampton: And the Defendant or Defendants, in any Action TMiArtmijr or Suit to be commenced for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall and may plead the General *iven in tvi-1ft ue, and e we this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be brought was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if such Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty-one Days Notice thereof was given in Writing to the Cleric or Treasurer of the said Commissioners, signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was not commenced before the Expiration of six Months next after the Fast committed or if it shall appear that Tender of reasonable Amends was made by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, before such Action or Suit was commenced or brought; or such Action or Suit shall be brought in any other County or Place than the County of Southampton; that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall he given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the sameT* as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

C. Provided always, and be it further enacted, I'hat in all Actions or Suits to be brought against any Money may t* Person or Persons for any Matter or Tiling done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or DefendantsPal<* into Court* in such Action or Suit shall and may, before Plea pleaded, pay into Court such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they shall think proper, in the Name of a reasonable Amends for such Matter or Thing and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall refuse to accept of the same, together with his, her, or their Costs to that Time, to be taxed by the proper Officer; and if the Jury who try the Cause shall not find the Damages to amount to a greater Sum or Sums than the Money so paid into Court, the Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants; and such Defendant or Defendants shall have all other Privileges and Advantages given to any Defendant or Defendants by this Act, and shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as before directed for recovering Treble Costs by any Defendant or Defendants.

CI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Actions shall be brought by Order of the said PerSm brlndng Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing A^Ions br Oxidating to this Act, or the Powers herein contained, and a Verdict shall be had and given against the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Actions shall be brought, such Person or Persons shall pay JovcTooub.c Double Co(Ui and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions shall have such Remedy and Remedies,

28 C. 10. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Public Act.

PrcamMp. Letters Patent

ii cui. in.

granting in Trust to Sir John Morden the Manor of Old-Court, &c.

Bv Sir John’s

La ft win, oa.

15, 1702, are deviled to Truf-tccs;

who hnve r>of-Jcfled Maiden-stone Hill, as pertaining to Old-Corn r, c lin ed by Attorney general as Tart of the Loyal Manor of L.ift Greenwich. Surveyor* general and the Trustees com-fremife thr Matter,

Dec. 11, 1770. Articles of A-grecraent

medies for recovering the same, as any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any Other Cases by Law.

CII. And be it further ena£hd, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act^ and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Redons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. X.

An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement made between Peter, Esquire,

Surveyor-general of his Majesty's Lands, and the Trustees of Morden College, in the County of Kent, for enabling his Majesty, his Heirs and Succenors, to gran- e-r-stone Hill, in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to upon the Terms mentioned in the said Agreement; and for impowering the Lid Trustees to increase the Salaries and Pensions of the Treasurer, Chaplain, and poor Merchants, in the said College.

WHEREAS his late Majesty King William the Third, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the fourth Day of November, in the eleventh Year of his Reign, for the Consideration therein mentioned, did grant unto or in Trust for Sir John Alorden, Baronet, his Heirs and Alsigns, for ever, the Manor or Lordship of Old-Court, with the Lands thereunto belonging, in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent: And whereas the said Sir John Alorden intending to make some Provision for the Comfort and Support of aged and decayed Merchants, erected, at his own Expence, a large House or College near Blackbcath, in the said County, for their Reception; and by his Last Will and TclLment in Writing, bearing Date the fifteenth Day of October, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two, gave and deviled all his Real and of Eft jus to certain Trustees therein named, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, in Trust, for the Use of his said College and for the Maintenance and Support of poor aged and decayed Merchants of England, whose Fortunes had been ruined by the Perils of the* Sea, and other unavoidable Accidents; all which Real and of Etlatcs are now, by virtue of divers mesne Alignments, Surrenders, and Conveyances in the Law, become veiled in John Alar eh, Richard Chiswell, William Clarke, William Cooper, Samuel Smith, William Ewer, and James Lee, Esquires, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust for the Benefit of the said Charity:

4 And whereas the Trustees of the said Charity for the time being have, at various Times, possessed divers Parts of a certain Parcel of Land, in the Parish of East Greenwich aforesaid, called Alai derjl one Hill, on an Apprehension that the same was Part of the Manor or Lordship of Old-Court, in the said Letters Patent mentioned, and have at various Times granted Leases of several Parts of the same to fun- dry Persons, who have erecKd Houses thereon; but the said Hill having been claimed on the Behalf of his Majesty, as being Part of his Royal Manor of East Greenwich, Informations of Jntrufion have been exhibited by his Majesty's Attorney-general, in the Court of Exchequer, against several of those Lei lees: And whereas, in order to compromise the said Matter, and to save Expence to the Charity, certain Articles of Agreement have been entered into, and duly executed, by and between Peter Burrell Esquire*, Surveyor-general of his Majesty's Lands, on Behalf of his Majesty, of the one Part, and the said\jjsbn 1 March, Richard Chiswell, William Clarke, William Cooper, Samuel Smith, William Ewer, and James Lee, Esquires, the said Trustees of Alorden College, of the other Part, bearing Date the eleventh Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, the Tenor whereof is in these Words: Articles of Agreement indented, had, made, concluded and agreed upon, this eleventh Day of December, in the eleventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God*. of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, tdc. and in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy, between Peter Burrell Esquire, Surveyor-general of his Majesty's Lands, of the one Part, and John March, Richard Chiswell, William Clarke, William Cooper, Samuel Smith, William Ewer, and James Lee, Esquires, Trustees of Alorden College, in the County of Kent, of the o*her Part: Whereas, in Michaelmas Term, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one* and in Hilary Term, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, his Majesty's Attorney-general filed two several Informations of Intrusion, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, against Leonard Searle and Joseph Gordon, for the Purpose of recovering the Pofieir.on of a certain Piece of waste Ground, called Maidenstone Hill, within the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, as being Parcel of the Wade of, and belonging to, his Majesty's Royal Manor of East Greenwich \ into which said Piece of wulie Ground, or Part thereof, the said Leonard Searle and Joseph Gordon had intruded, under the Colour and Sanction of certain Leases thereof granted to them by the Trustees of the said College, who claimed the whole of the Waile of the said Hill, as Part of and belonging to the Manor of 01 i-Cour ty or which they were in Possession under certain Grants from the Crown: And whereas the said two 4fc several causes being at Issue and ready to be tried at the Bar of the said Court of Exchequer, by special juries of the said County of Kent, they the said John diarchy Richard Chijwell, William Clarke, William Goober, Samuel Smith, William Ewer, and James Lee, the Trustees of Morden College aforesaid, did, in AVyAr Term aft* lay certain Propoidls before the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for compromising and putting a final End to the several Matters in Dispute in the above-

mentioned

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 10. 29

mentioned causes, by which said Proposals they the said Trustees did offer to admit the Right of the Crown to the said Hill, and all other the Wades of the said Manor of East Greenwich, upon being acquitted of all Accounts for Arrears, and having a proper Consent for their procuring an Act of Parliament to indemnify the said Trustees, and to enable the Crown to grant, without Fine, a Lease of the whole Hill for fifty Years, and to renew such Lease, from time to time, for any further Term (not exceed filly Years each); and the said Trustees, by their said Proposal, further offered one-third Part of the net Income they now receive from the said Hill, as a Rent, and to pay one-third Part of the net Income, which, at the Time of any such Renewal, they should receive from the same as a Rent;. and they thueby declared their Willingness to be retrained from taking any Fine for building Leases, or for Renewals of Leases, of any Houses already built on the said Hill: And whereas the said Commission-'* Majesty's Treasury having refened the said Proposals to the said Peter Burrell for his Con-Peter Burrell, reported to their Lordships in favour thereof, submitting it to-. vr., nether it might not be proper to grant the Terms proposed, subject however to the

Restrictions therein and herein after mentioned, and which Restrictions the said Peter Burrell reported, had been agreed to by the said Trustees before him; and the Lid Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury have thereupon been pleadsd to approve of the said Proposals, subject to the Restrictions in the said Report, and herein after-mentioned, and to direct that the same shall be carried into Execution, as far as the same may, or ought to be before such Act of Parliament be procured: And whereas the Trials of the said causes have, by divers Orders of the said Court of Exchequer, been adjourned till next Hilary Term, in order that this present Agreement might be completed in the mean time; now therefore, in parlunnce of the said Proposals, and the Approbation thereof by the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, on Behalf of his Majesty, and for the Purpose of carrying the same into Execution, it is hereby agreed, by and between the said Peter Burrell, and the said John March, Richard Chiswell, William Clarke, William Cooper, Samuel Smith, William Ewer, and James Lee, the Trustees of the said CoTgv, in Manner and Form following; that is to say, they the said Trustees have agreed to admit, and do, for themselves and their Successors, hereby admit the Right of his said Majesty, of, in, and to all and singular the said Piece or Parcel of Ground called Maldenjhne Hill, and every Part thereof, as being Parcel of, and belonging to his Majesty's Royal Manor of East Greenwich; in Confederation of which Admission, he, the said Peter Burrell, as Surveyor-general for an I on Btliglf of his said Majesty, doth hereby agree with the said Trustees and their Successors, that they shall be re leased, acquitted, and discharged, of and from all Accounts, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, for or in respect of any Renr, Profit, or Advantage, which may have been heretofore made by them the said Trustees, or any Trustets of the said College for the time being, for or in respect of the said Ground, during the Time they have been in Possession thereof, down to the Day of the Date of these Prefcms: And further, the said Peter Burrell, for and on Behalf of his said Majesty, as aforesaid, doth hereby further agree with the said Trustees, that an Act of Parliament shall and may be applied for by the said Trustees, at tlu ir Expence, for establishing the said Agreement, and for indemnifying them the said Trustees against all Suits, Actions, Colts, Charges, Damages, and Expences, for or on account of their, or any of their Predc-

ccflors in the said Trust, having, without any legal Title, entered into the Possession of the said

Ground, and uied ASts of Ownership therein; and also for enabling the Crown to grant to the said Trustees a Lease of the said walk Ground, and the Houses thereon erected, for the Term of sissy Years, without Fine, and to renew such Lease thereof, from time to time, for any further Term or Terms, not exceeding fifty Years each: And further. That on such Act of Parliament being obtained, such Lease of the said PremiLs, with apt and proper Descriptions to ascertain the Quality and Boundaries thereof, shall be granted to the said Trustees, for the 'Perm aforesaid, reserving in such Lease, as a Rent, one third Part or the net annu :l Income which the said Trustees now receive from the said Premises; and in case his Majesty, or his Heirs and Successors, shall be pleased to renew such Lease, that one third Part of the net annual Income, whEh the Trustees of the said Charity for the time being shall then receive, frail be refierved in Inch renewed Lease or Leases as a yearly Rent: And it is hereby agreed between all the Lid Punic* to thelc Prc.cnts, That in the said Lease or Leases shall be contained proper Covenants or Clauk* for rest raining the said Trustees, and their Successors, from creating any Buildings whatsoever, on ai.y Part of the 'Fop or Plain of the said Hill called Maiden pone Hill, or inclosing any Part of the said Top or Plain, without the ConlVnt and Approbation of the Crown; signified in Writing by the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the time being; and also for restraining the said Trustees from digging and carrying away any of the Soil, Chalk, Lime-stone, or GraveJ, of the said

Hi.! or waste Ground, or any Pot thereof; and also for restraining the said Trustees from taking any

Fine or Fines for EudJirg Leases, or for Renewals of any Leases of any Houses already built upon the find 11:11 or Waste. And iairus it is hereby agiced by and between the said Parties, That these Presents ih VI be made a Ride oi his M.'juU’s Court of Exchequer, in the above-mentioned Caules, and that thereupon all further Pro'* euhjg> in the i..;d causes shall be stayed. In Witness whereof, the several- Paities nek)re named h v: hereunto, iircrchargcably, ft t their Hands and Seals, the Day and Year first*

above win ton. Pet*r Bisu'A,' n *'E>\h, Ruhard Ciijivell, William Clarke, William Csopcr,

4w Sa.;,ei Sr ;:h, William Ewer, Jam's Lee. ' And whereas your Majesty hath been most graciouflyu plea fit J to fi.gr, ty wtr Content th v. the said Articles of Agreement may be carried into Execution ft May it tlicrcfuie pnale your most Excellent Majesty, fat the humble Requell of the said Trustees) that it may be enact.-J; and be it enacted by the Kind’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-tu: Lt the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament allcmbkd, and determined by

30 C. 10. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

[ratified and

the Authority of the same, That the said recited Articles of Agreement be, and the same are hereby ra-established. tiiied, confirmed, and established.

Trustees acquired, released,

II. And be it further enacted, That, in consideration of the said Trustees admitting the Right of his said Majesty, of, in, and to all and Angular the said Piece or Parcel of Ground called Maidenstone Hill, and every

a ^art thereof, ab being Parcel of, and belonging to his Majesty's said Royal Manor of East Greenwich, in

Actions! the County of Kent; they the said Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, and all other Person and Persons who have heretofore been, or shall hereafter be Trustees of the said Ctdltgc, their and each and every of their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, shall be. and they are hereby released, acquitted, and discharged, as against his said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of and from all Accounts, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, for or in respect of any Rent, Profit, or Advantage, which hath been, or may have been made or had by the said present Trustees, or any of them, or any Treasurer, or other Officer appointed by them, or any Person acting by or under their Authority, or by any former Trustee or Trustees of the said College for the time being, or by any Treasurer or other Officer by them appointed, or any Person acting by or under their Authority for, or from, or in respect of the said Hill called Maiden ft one Hi I, or any Part thereof, during the Time that he the said Sir John Alorden, or any Person claiming under him, or the Trustees of the fain Charity for the time being, or their Tenant or Tenants, has or have been in the Possession or Occupation thereof, previous to, and until the Day of the Date of the said Articles of Agreement} and that the said present Trustees, and every of them, and their Treasurer, and all and tvery other Officer and Person employed by them, or any of them, or acting by or under their Authority, shall be and are, and is and are hereby indemnified and laved harmless against all Suits, Actions, Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, for or on account of their, or any of their predecessors in the Trust of the said Charity, or any Person employed by them, or acting by or under their Authority, having, without any legal Title, entered into Possession of the said Hill called Maidenstone Hilly and received the Rents, llfiues, and Profits thereof, or exercised Acts of Ownership therein; and also against all Suits, Actions, Costs, Charges, and Demands, which may be commenced, had, or made against them, or any of them, touching, or by Means

of their having entered into the said Agreement, and all Acts done or to be done by them, or any of them,

in pursuance thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, at any Time or Times hereafter, by any Letters Patent, p.y °ne third Jni]enture or Indentures, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to grant and demise

net annual*In- unto the said John March, Richard Chiswell, William Clarke, William Cooper, Samuel Smithy William Ewer,

come, by Quar- and James Lee, Esquires, the said present Trustees of the said College, or unto the Trustees of the said

terly Payment*, College for the time being, all that the said Waste or Hill called Maidenstone Hill, and the Houses and

into the Exche- ^her Buildings erected thereon, to hold to them the said Trustees and their Assigns for the Term of fifty Years, without any present Fine to be set, imposed, or paid to his said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for the same, yielding and paying the refor yearly to his said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as a Bern, one third Part of the clear net annual Income which they now receive for the said Premises; the same to be paid by the said Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, by even Quarterly Payments; that is to say, on the twenty-fourth Day of June, the twenty-ninth Day of September, the twenty-fifth Day of December, and the twenty-fifth Day of March, in each and every Year during the said Term, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, or into the Hands of the King’s Bailiff or Receiver-general of the County of Kent for the time being; and that it shall also be lawful to and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, at any Time or Times hereafter, by any other Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to grant and demise unto the Trustees of the said College for the time being, the said Waste or Hill called Maidenstone Hill, and the Houses and other Buildings erected, or to be erected thereon, to hold for any further Term or Terms of Years, not exceeding fifty Years each: the said Trustees yielding and paying the refor yearly, and every Year, during the further several and respective Term or Terms of Years for which such Grant or Demise shall respectively be made, unto his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, one third Part of the clear net annual Income, which at the respective Time or Times of the making any such subsequent Grant or Demise the then Trustees of the said College shall receive for the said Premises, the same to be paid at the Times and in Manner before mentioned; which said respective yearly Rent or Rents shall be. during his prefenc Mato be canned to jesty's Life, carried to, and made Part of, the General and Aggregate Fund, established by the Act made Aggregate Fund in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the first; and be, during the said Term, issued 1 Geo. 1. and applied to the Uses to which the said Fund is or shall be made applicable.

Restriaioju.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That in every such Lease or Demise so to be granted as aforesaid, there shall be contained p oper Covenants or Clauses for restraining the said Trustees, and the Trustees of the said College for the time being, from erecting any Buildings whatever on any Part of the Top or Plain of the said Hill called Maidenstone Hill, and from inclosing any Part of the said Top or Plain without the Consent and Approbaiion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, signified in Writing by the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being; and also for restraining them from digging and carrying away any of the Soil, Chalk, Lime-stone, or Cjravel, of the said Hill or waste Ground, or any Part thereof; and also for restraining them from taking any Fine or Fines for Building Leases, or for Renewals of any Leases of any Houses already built, or tofie built on the said Hill or Waste, or any Part thereof.

1 Annae notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That such Grant or Grants, Demise or Demises of the said Waste or Hill called Maidenstone Hill, and of the Houses and other Buildings erected thereon.

Truflor* for the time being, to

quer, viz.

On June 24, Sept. 29. Dec. 25, and March 25.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 11, 12. 31

on, as shall be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by any Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, under the Great Seal of Great Britain^ in pursuance of this Act, shall be, and is and are hereby enacted to be good and effectual in the Law, according to the Tenor and Purport thereof in the said Letters Patent, or Indenture or Indentures, to be expressed, notwithstanding any Restriction, or Matter, or Thing contained in an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majestys Ho if'hold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crnvny or any other Law or Statute, or any Mif-recital, Non-recital, Omission, or other Defect in the said Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures hereafter to be made, in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas the said Sir John Mordeny by his said lad Will and Testament, ordered and directed, Allowance by that there should be placed in his Uid College so many poor Merchants as the then yearly Rents and Revenue of his Estates would maintain, allowing to each Merchant twenty Pounds a Year, to be laiJ out in Ul 1 *' Provisions and Necessaries, as is therein particularly prescribed, and that a Treasurer should be appointed to collect and get in the Rents, Issues, and Profits of his real Estates, and to sett and lett the same, and to pay the clear Produce in the Manner directed by the said Will; and that there should also be a resident Chaplain, to officiate daily in the Chapel of the said College; and by his said Will directed, that the yearly Sum of forty Pounds should be paid to the said Treasurer, and the Sum of thirty Pounds yearly to the Chaplain, for their Pains, Labour, and Attendance, in the due Execution of their respective Offices: And whereas the said Testator, by a Codicil annexed to his said Will, reduced the Pension payable to each poor Merchant to fifteen Pounds a Year: And whereas it has been found by Experience, that the said not Jequate to yearly Sums directed to be paid to the said Treasurer and Chaplain are by no Means adequate to the Care, Ofico,# Pains, and Attendance which a due Execution of the said Offices will necest'arily require, and that the said1 c M Penftons of fifteen Pounds a Year are too small and inadequate to induce Merchants of a liberal Education, who have fallen to Decay by unavoidable Accidents and unforeseen Events, and are aged and infirm, to apply to partake of the said Charity; for Remedy whereof, and to the End that proper persons may be encouraged to apply for Admission into the said College, and the pious charitable Intentions of the said Sir John Morden more effectually carried into Execution Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, at any Time or Times hereafter, to and for the Trustees of the said College for the time being, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to increase the Salaries payable to the said Treasurer and Chaplain respectively to such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall think proper and reasonable, not exceeding fifty Pounds yearly; and also to increase the Pensions payable to each poor Merchant admitted, or to be admitted into the said College, to such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper and reasonable, not exceeding the Sum of forty Pounds to each poor Merchant yearly; any Restriction contained in the Will or Codicil of the Lid Sir John Morden to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Saving to all and every Person and Persons whatever, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, Exception^ and all Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Successors, (other than and except the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the Trustees of the said College for the time being, all such

Estate, Right, Title, and Interest of, in, to, or out of the said Premises called Maidenstone Hill, and every, or any Part thereof, as they or any of them have or might have had if this Act had not been made.

---

CAP. XI.

An Act for further continuing two Acts made in the sixth and ninth Years of his Majesty's Reign, for punihing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in his Majesty's Dominions in America.

CAP. XII.

An Act for better paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and' other public Passages, in that Part of Goodman's Fields, which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfellon, otherwise Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, and also Red Lion Street and White Lion Street, lying contiguous to the said Fields, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

[Preamble.]

---

'WHEREAS the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, in that Part of Goodman's Fields, (being Part of the Manor or reputed Manor of Barnes, in the County of Middlesex and City of London) which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfellon, otherwise Whitechapel, in the said County of Middlesex, and the Streets called Red Lion and White Lion Streets, lying contiguous to the said fields, are very ill paved and ruinous, and the Passage thereof is greatly obstructed by many Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And whereas it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, and to all Persons

retorting thereto, or passing through the same, if the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, were properly paved, and all Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein were removed and prevented for the future; and the Inhabitants of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, are willing to pave

the same at their oun Expence, but as the same cannot be eftested without the Aid of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Commissioners appointed.]

That Harry Akerman, William Complin,

32 C. 12. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Richard Cole John Coverley Thomas Dickason Thomas Farrer William Garrett George Garrett Edward Hawkins Samuel Hawkins George Hayley Edward Hopkins John Hawes John Harris Thomas Jordan Leonard Lefevre William Loney Joseph Lang fer John Lafont John Long Job Mathew Abraham de Mat tos Mocata Thomas Maffa William Milis Robert Newcome John Pott George Prior Casten Rhode Charles Raikes William Reynolds George Russell Joseph Rickards Robert Cartwright Smith William Scullard David Samuda Claude Scott Thomas Slack John Spieker Abjohn Taylor John Townsend Samuel Wood John Willes Stephen Wear Robert Wilson James Waller and Peter Walker

and their Successors being Inhabitants of some or one of the aid Streets Squares Lanes Courts Alleys Ways and other public Passages, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners

In case of Doth, missioners for putting this Act in Execution: And in case any of the said Commissioners shall happen to Rcfufii, or Re- die, or shall neglect or refuse to act for the Space of one Year, or shall remove out of tire laid Streets,

moval.

other Corrmif-

fi»nt*rs to be chosen.

Qm’ification of Trufffies.

Person acting

Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public PalLges, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any ten or more of them, from time to time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect one other Person or Persons, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners, in the Room and Stead of the Commissioner or Commissioners so dying or refusing to act, or removing, ten Duvs Notice of the Timeand Place of Meeting for every such Election being ^iven, by affixing the lame in Writing upon the principal Door of the Pari 111 Church of Saint Mary IThiteeoaptt, and also by Advertisement in some or one of the public News Papers; and every Person or Persons so elected shall be, and is and are hereby vetted with the same Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as the Person or Persons in whole Place he or they shall he cleded, was or were vetted with.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting ns a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be an Inhabitant of some or one of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, and unless he shall, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, be in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Here Ji-taments of the clear yearly Value of forty Pounds, or pofldled of or inti Ted to a pjilbnnl Litate of the Value of one thousand Pounds; and if any Person not being so qualified shall prclume to act as a Comm if-

for^oT l° ^l0ner *n the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such One nee, forfeit end pay the or.ci 50. Sum of fifty Pounds, together with Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to

be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, c>r Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than cnc Imparlance shall be allowed, and wherein the Proof of Qualification shall lie on the Person prosecuted; and it shall be sufficient for the Prosecutor to prove that the Person so prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall sell Ale, Wine, or any Spirituous or Fermented Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner under this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall meet together at the Vestry Room of the said Parish at ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, on the third Thursday next after the passing of this Act, and shall then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act; and they aie hereby impowered to adjourn themselves, from time to time, to meet at the same Place, or at such other Place in the said Parish of Saint Mary IThitcchape/, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, from time to time, think fit; and if at any Meeting so appointed there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissioners to ad or adjourn to another Day, or in case the said Commissioners so assembled shall omit, neglect, or refuse to adjourn themselves, then, and in every such Case, any two of the said Commissioners, or the Clerk to the said Commissioners, shall appoint a Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held, within seven Days after, at the same Place; public Notice whereof shall be given by affixing the same in Writing on the principal Door of the Parish Church aforesaid, at least four Days before such Meeting.

V. Provided always, That no Order or Determination of the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall be valid unless the same shall be made at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act; nor shall any Comtnif-

as aforesaid, be capable of acting as such during the of the Powers given by this Act, or have any Share or Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and

may, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, or Inspector, and such other Officers for the Execution of this Act as they shall think proper,

anti from time to time remove him or them, and appoint others as they shall find necessary or convenient;

and by and out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, pay such Salaries an i Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed in the Execution of this Act, as they shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall take such Security for the Execution of the respective Offices, by such Person and Persons as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and all and every such Person and Persons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the fiveral Rates or Sums of Money hereby granted, shall pay the same, to such Person or Persons as shall from time to time he appointed to collect or receive the same, as herein after mentioned; and all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, under their Hands, at such Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,

who are to ac- fhdl direct, deliver to such Commissioners true and perfect Accounts in Writing, of all Matters and count upm Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies which shall have been

Cam it ucjuii-cd. them respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof has been paid

and

No Victualler

t aft as a Commissioner, First Meeting.

Commissioners hcn\ to aejourn

Manner of adjourning.

No Orf.cr volid Ms at a pub-

M Met on?, nor floner hereby appointed, or hereafter to be appointed,

m uioner enjoy 1 ,me e lhdi enjoy any Office of Profit by virtue of

enjoy Offices.

Commissioners m?Y appoint Officers:

who shall give Security.

Prr ns f"tj ’ft to t'f r ited to pay th" firue to lufti Officers.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 12. 33

and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and ftnll pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and all the said Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath, if thereunto required, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Commissionrr* two or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) verify their said Accounts; and if any Officer 1?Tlv:v,f c or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce fvJ ()‘T: '|rr or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make such Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver o:firVr*rciufng to the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to account upon within seven Days after being thereunto required, by Notice in Writing under the Hands of any two or Ouh, or<Hi-more of the said Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody or Power, relating to vc‘ias p oks on the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners, or any two or or rrpt0 more of them, or as they shall direct or appoint; then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the said Commil- piy the Balance iioners, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to the Acrounr, be brought, any Action or Anions, in the Names of the said Commissioners, or in the Names of any two to bc or more of them, against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in uc order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Per- On Complaint, Tons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, JM»ceijnay call or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Per- 0,e^lcm* son or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall be and reside, such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorised and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before him or them, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a md proceed in summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any one orfumnury more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, before such Justice or Justices, (which Oath he or they are hereby impowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Money found by

Person or Persons, such Justice or Justices may, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, such Jua, ccs upon the Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and ^n^n^c.rfor Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or bcUvicu by Officers, Person or Persons offending in the Premises respectively: And if no Goods or Chattels of such Difbefi. Officer or Officers, Person or Persons can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy such Money, and the In caODiflrcfi Charges of such Distress and Sale; or in case it shall appear to such Justice or Justices by the Confession of "ol fufnucnt» the Party so offending, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath &c* such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to administer, that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Officer or Person, and he shall refuse to deliver the same as aforesaid, then, and in either of the said cases, such Justice or Justices OfRmn-

shall commit every such Offender to the common Gaol of the County or Place where such Offender shall be 1 to* and reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Ac- be committed, count and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint; which Compo- »l Delivery of fttion the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make; and until he or of

shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the fhTc^mimr-UWil said Commissioners, or any five or more of them* fioner*rmi

VII. Provided always, That no Person who shall be committed on account of his having no Goods or commitment to

Chattels, shall be committed for any Term longer than six Months. be no longer than

VIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death of any such Officer, or other Person to be ap- fi* Month*, pointed as aforesaid, his Executors or Administrators shall, within twenty-one Days next after such De- Executor* to ccafe, deliver to the said Commissioners under this Act, or any two or more of them, an Account in »«uunt. Writing, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, of the Monies collected or received by the Person so deceased, for the Purpose of this Act; and shall also deliver all Books, Papers and Things concerning his

Office to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, shall appoint to receive the same; and such Money, if any due, shall be paid by the Execu- *n<Vhe Money tors or Administrators of the Person so deceased, in Preference to and before any of his or their other Debts J,"^neg\rnp dt‘e are paid or satisfied. # TmAtobcpaii

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall be employed by the said Com- in Prefrrener. missioners as a Clerk, Surveyor, or any other Officer or Servant in the putting this Act, or any of the o.Tkus Nking Powers herein contained, in Execution, shall exact, take, or accept, by any Ways or Means whatsoever, ol, hcr^t* any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards, as shall be appoint- concerned

ed, allowed, and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for or on account to be 7

of any Thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this Act, or on any account whatsoever, relative to the d fqjalnieJ, putting this Act in Execution, or shall be, by any Ways or Means, concerned or interested in any Bar- forfeit 100 i. gain. Contract, or Agreement made, or to be made by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execution, every such Person or Persons lo offending, shall be disqualihrd, and be for ever incapable of serving or being employed by or under the Commissioners appointed by this Act, and shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall fuc for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts

34 C. 122, Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771

ActVn to be brought within 6 Months.

)*ov. m^afs vc:kh u\ Coin-

JSihionciS,

Streets to be-

IMvtkl.

vmrnifi] mei» tt y nif.!<e Ounuadf,

r.hsne Da vs

p r*!ic Ktns* fcV ~r.-

of Record, within six Calendar Months after the Offence committed in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after any or either of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, which by this Act are to be repaved, relayed, or repaired, fL.-.ii actually be begun to be repaved, relayed, or repaired, the Property of all the present and future Pavements in the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other-public Passages, as well in the Footways as Carriage-ways, and of all Materials, Implements, and other Things, to be pu» dialed for the P ^r-poses of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name or Names of any two or more of them the said Commissioners, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer any Rill or Bills of Indictment, in any such Name or Names, as the Case shall require, against any Person or Persons-whomsoever, who shall lteal, purloin, or by any

or Means carry away, spoil, injure, or destroy, or cause to be ffolen, purloined, taken, carried away, spoiled, injured, or destroyed, the same, or any Part or Parts thereof; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to sell and dispose of all or any Part or Parts of the old and useless Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing, to purchase the same, at fuel* Price or Prices as the said Commissioners, or any five of them, shall think reasonable; and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to such and the same Purposes as the Monies arising from the Rates anff Assessments in and by this Act directed to be made, are to be applied.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or qiorc of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, to cause, order, and diredf, all or any of the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Paliiiges, to be new paved, repaired, relayed, raised, lowered, or altered, when and as often, and in such Manner and Form, and with such Materials as the said Commissioners, orany five or more of them, shall think fit; and also to be freed from all Annoyances, N uifancev, Incroachmeius, and Obstructions whatsoever; and for such Purposes may, from time to time, cause to be dug, carted, ami carried out of, or brought into the same, or any of them, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials as they shall judge necessary; and may likewise cause the Water-pipes, which now lie, or hereafter shall be laid under Ground, to be taken up and new-laid in such Places, Manner, and Form, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall judge bess, and to employ such Artificer?*, Workmen, and other Persons, and to issue such Money on those Accounts, and to do all and every such other Acts and Things as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall judge necessary, fit, or reasonable, for effectually carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, orany five or more of them, may, and are hereby impowered from time to time, and at all times hereafter, as Occasion shall requite, to contract with any Person or Persons, for paving, relaying, repairings railing, lowering, amending, altering, and keeping in Repair, all or any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Railages, and for the several Works hereby directed to be performed, or any of them; which Contract and Contracts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works- shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Nonperformance thereof; and such Contract or Contracts shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works; but previous to the making of any such Contract, ten Days Notice shall be given in some public Newspaper, expressing the Intention of such Contract, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the same, may make Proposals for that Purpose to the said Commissioners, at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to employ such and so many Paviors, Artificers, Workmen* Labourers, Carters, and others, in the respective Works aforesaid, as they shall judge necessary for the cue Execution of such Works; and no Person or Persons shall, for any Act done in consequ:*ncc of his or their being so employed by order of the said Commissioners, be subject or liable to auv Action, Indictment* cr Information, upon the Statute made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, yht A SI containing divers Orders for Artificerj. Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise with respect to the Wages of such Pavior:-, Artificers, Workmen, or Labourers employed on or about the said Pavement, it shall and may be settled by any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or for the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London^ in a summary Way, whose Determination shall be final.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times obstruct, hinder, or mo left any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Workmen, Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be employed by virtue of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty, every such Person so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, for the ft?«;omi Offence the Sum of ten Pounds, and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of twvrity Founds.

And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Pipe or Pipes belonging to any Water

*.irj.>, ho* tc Companies who do or shall furnish any Part of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, A1

ays.

her public Passages with Water (which now lie, or hcrcaher shall be laid under Ground, shall brcaic, bur ft, or decay, so as to require- Reparation) the Surveyor for the time being to the Commissioners, or such other Person- as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall.appoint for that Purpose, iiuli forthwith give immediate Notice thereof to the.pavior of the Water Company to whom he apprehends

1* iuca

A*Oi iyyii

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

I 2.

35

such Pipe or Pipes doe?, c!of or may belong who is hereby required to take up the Pavement and open the Ground at or near the Place where such Reparation shall appear to be wanting; and if, upon taking up of the Pavement and opening the Ground, it shall appear that the Pipe or Pipes lo broken, burst, or decayed, do not or duth not belong to the Water Company whose Pavior shall have taken up such Pavement and opened such Ground, then and in every such Case the Surveyor, or other Person as aforesaid, shall give immediate Notice in Writing to the Pavior of that Company to whom it shall appear that the said Pipe or Pipes do or doth belong, such Notice to be given or left with such Pavior, or at his last or niuni Place of Abude, and the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong, is hereby required to re* pair the same, and till in, and well and sufficiently ram the Ground, within two Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid; and shall also, within twenty-four Hours after such Pipe shall be repaired and tire Ground fii'ed in, give Notice in Writing to the Pavior or Paviors contracting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor or other Person aforesaid, of such Pipe or Pipes being repaired, and such Ground being filled in, such Notice to be given to such Contractor, Surveyor, or other Person, or left at his or their last or ufua I Place of Abode; and in case it shall happen that the Pavior who first receives Notice to take up the Pavement ami open the Ground for the Purposes aforesaid, shall take up such Pavement and open such Ground, and it shall then be discovered that the Pipe or Pipes wdrich is, arc, or shall be burst, broken, or decayed, do or doth not belong to the Company to whom he is Pavior, that then and in Inch Calc the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes do or doth belong, shall make Satisfaction to the Pavior w ho so took up such Pavement and opened such Ground for such Work; and in case the Pavior to whom such Notice shall be so given to take up such Pavement and open such Ground, shall neglect or restrfc to do the lame within twenty-four Hours alter Notice given, he shall for the first Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, for the second Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, and for the third, and every other Offence the Sum of four Pounds; and in case the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes so broken or decayed shall belong, shall neglect or refuse to repair and amend the same, and fill in and well and sufficiently ram the Ground so taken up, for the Space of twenty-four Hours next after such Notice given, or shall neglect to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors contracting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, or to such other Persons as aforesaid, such Pavior shall, for the fit ft Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, for the second Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, ami for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of four Pounds; and if the Person or Persons contracting with the said Commissioners to relay such Pavements so broken or taken up for the Reasons aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to relay such Pavement in a good, sufficient, and effectual Manner, within twenty-four Huuis after such Notice given to him as aforesaid, or if the Surveyor or other Person to w hom such Notice shall be given, shall neglect to acquaint the Contractor or other proper Person or Persons of such Notice, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, for the second Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, and for the third, and every olher Offence, the Sum of four Pounds.

XVII. Provided always, That if it shall happen that at any Time there shall be no regular or fixed Ap- company having

nointment of a Pavior of any of the Water Companies, in that Case such Notice as aforesaid shall be de- no Pm of, Notice ivcred to or le ft at the Office of the Clcik or Secretary of such Company respectively, who shall in every to bf p Vrn 10 such Case be substituted in the Room of such Pavior to all the Intents and Purposes aforesaid the Cle,k'

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Pavior now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, by Parlors of w* ter the said several Water Companies, who shall have any Pipe or Pipes laid in, through, or under any of the Cc-mnmiM to laid Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Pillages, shall, and he is hereby 6nc N*',1CC required, within the Space of one Month next after the passing of this Act, or within the Space of seven " *crc 1 r> ve* Days next after he shall be appointed Pavior to such Company or Companies, and.within the Space of three

Days next after every Removal of his Abode, to give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Clerk for the time bung to the said Commissioners of his the said Pavior s Name and Place of Abode, and to what Company he is Pavior; and in case any such Pavior shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice within the respective Times aforesaid, every such Pavior so offending in either of the said cases, shall, for the first Offence, foifcit the Sum of ten Shillings for the second Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings, and for the third and every other Offence the Sum of forty Shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so often ns any Part of the Pavement of the said Streets, r>r

Squares, Lancs, Courts, Alleys Ways, or other public Passages, shall be taken up for the Purpose of u? PjV';r making, repairing, ah.ring, cleansing, or emptying any Se wer, Vault, arched Cellar, or Drain, or of h*in

nr /or

or Clerk, and the Charges and hxocnces thereof ihff.l be paid by the said Commissioners, or any rf

e of them, and the said Commissioners shall be reimbuiled the same by the Person or Pc. f ns, 3

Surveyor, five or more

i’on.p-nies of Wnter-woiki, or Commissioners of Sewers, who shall take up, 01 cau'c or procure to be taken up, the said Pavement, or any Part or Paits thereof. 1 y rr

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it fh ill be lawful for the said CommWTionrp; for /* 1 r <:T* putting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to coir*pound and agree

with the said Companies, or Commissioners of Servers, or other Person or Persons respectively, for a cer-, T< v i

tain Sum ol Mr ’

cu:iop, or a

such Pavement

Money by the Foot, or other Measure, as the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Kxe- ,l:C. r- ... ny five or inoreot them, shall think reafi nahic, in lieu and infte d of laying down or repairing *" r ff,r" *:rt ;nt as shall be ncceihuily taken up for any of the Purposes alorJuiJ. *'J '* 'Ui WwUl’

36

C. 12.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

repairing the Pavements after Notice,

mny be sued in the Name of Clerk to the Commissioners. Persons negle£V

l^or procuring Wa«er in Time of Fiie.

Names of the Turncocks to be delivered in.

Commissioners

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons, Companies of Water works, or ot Sewers, wa-Commissioners of Sewers respectively, shall neglect or refuse to pay the Monies which the said Commi f- ter Companies, fioners shall have so paid and disbursed, or what shall be due upon such Contract or Composition as afore-

so°s m*gfecting within two Months next after Notice thereof, to be left by the said Surveyor or Clerk at the Dwell ing-

or ren.sing tV house or last Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Secretary or Secretaries, Clerk or Clerks, pay the Monies of such Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively, which Notice shall be in expended for Writing, and signed by the Clerk or Surveyor for the time being of the Commissioners for putting this

Adf in Execution, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and annexed to the

Bill, containing an Account of the Expence of such Repair or Money due upon such Compositions, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said last mentioned Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of their Clerk, or two or more of the said Commissioners for the time being, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money respectively; and in case such Person or Persons hereby directed

_____to give such Notice to the Surveyor or Clerk for the time being of the Commissioners for putting this Act

ing to give No- in Execution, as is before directed, shall neglect so to do for the Space of two Days after such Pavement tice of taking shall be so taken up, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five i.p[i;chPave; p^ds.

Commissioners '

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if, for the Purposes of this Act, it shall at any Time be found may alter pipes necessary to raise, fink, or otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pumps, Pipes, or Plugs laid down or and Plug*, pay- placed by any of the said Companies, or by any Person or Persons, or of any of the Leaden or other Pipes ing for the which shall be laid into or from any of the said Companies Pipes, the said Commissioners, or any five or fame. more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered to cause the same to be done, from time to

time, and in such Place or Places as they, or any five or more of them, in their Discretion, shall think proper; and the same shall be paid for out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be done with as little Detriment or Inconvenience to the said Companies, and other Persons, as the Circumstances of the Case will admit of.

XXIII. And, for the more easy obtaining of Water in Cases of Fire, be it further enacted, That the several Water Companies who shall supply any of the Inhabitants of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Panages, with Water, shall, from time to time, within the Space of thirty Days after the passing of this Act, or within seven Days after the Appointment of any Turncock or Turncocks, give Notice in Writing to the said Commissioners of the Names and Places of Abode of

their respective Turncocks, distinguishing the Dittrich to which they respectively belong; and if any of the said Companies shall neglect to give such Notice within the Times aforesaid, they shall, for every such k nsJl!Af°Hevery Neglect, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required tgett therein. yCarjy tQ cause be printed and distributed among the Householders and Inhabitants of the said Streets, Sauares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, a List of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Turncocks of such Water Companies respectively.

Penaltycforeak-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, without Authority from the said Commis-irg up Pave- sioners, or any five or more of them, or (in case of Exigency) from their Clerk or Surveyor for the time

iw^obstruinlons being, ta^e UP or a*ter> or cause to be taken up or altered, any Part of the Pavement of the said Streets,

in the Street*. Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, or any of them, when new paved, relayed, or repaired by the said Commissioners for any Purpose whatsoever, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, and shall also pay the Expences of relaying and reinstating the same, according to the Directions of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or of the Surveyor for the time being, and the said Forfeiture and Expence shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in the Names of any two or more of the said Commissioners, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, to be commenced within six Months next after such Offence committed; in which Action or Suit no Protection, Eflbin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to direct and cause the Course of any Gutter or Channel running in, through, or cross the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Partakes, or any of them, to be turned or altered in such Manner as they shall think proper, and to direct any Grate or Grates already placed, or hereafter to be placed, over any Stwers, to be removed and replaced in such Manner, and at such Place and Places as they shall think most proper; all which shall, from time to time, be done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, and paid for out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Where necessary

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as there shall be Occasion to make new or Vr'rc- a^dicional Grate or Grates over any Sewer or Sewers within the said Streets Squares, Lanes, Courts, AI-old ones* leys, Ways, or other public Passages, or to repair or alter any old Grate or Grates belonging to the Com-Comm flior.er* missioners of Sewers, or any other Person or Persons, in the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, vf Sewers to pay Ways, or other public Passages, the same shall be made new, repaired, or altered, by and at the Expence ikeExpaice. of t)ie faiei Commissioners of Sewers, or such other Person or Persons to whom the same doth or shall belong; and the same, when so made new, repaired, or altered, shall belaid down in such Place and Places, and in such Manner and Form, as shall be directed by the Surveyor or Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, at the Expence of the said Commissioners of Sewers, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid: And in case the said Commissioners of Sewers, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse so to do for the Space of fourteen Days next after Notice given or left in

Writing

Course of Gutters to be turned, if necessary,

37

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 12.

Writing with their Clerk or Clerks for the time being, or with such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any five or more of them, or their Surveyor, to cause such Grate or Grates as shall be necessary to be made new, repaired* altered, and laid down, to be so made new, repaired, altered, and laid down, the Expence whereof shall be reimbursed and paid by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or such other Persons as aforesaid, or recovered of him, them, or any of them, in like Manner as the Charges and Expences of relaying Pavements is herein before authorised to be recovered.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Sewer or Drain which shall be situate Sewer*, &c. to in or communicate with any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public bc repaired bx Passages, shall require to be made new, repaired, altered, cleansed, or emptied; then, and in every such the Co^m,ffion* Case, the said Commissioners of Sewers, or such other Person or Persons to whom such Sewer or Drainerl° werl* shall belong, shall, within fourteen Days after Notice in Writing given to, or left for the Surveyor or

Clerk for the time being of the Commissioners of Sewers, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, at his or their last or ufunl Place of Abode, by the said Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution* or any one or more of them, or by the Surveyor or other Person authorised by them, make new, effectually repair, cleanse, or empty such Sewer or Drain, as the Case may require; and in Default thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any five or more of them, or their Surveyor for the time being, to cause such Sewer or Drain to be made new, repaired, or altered, cleansed, or emptied, as the Case may require, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, the Charges and Expences whereof shall be paid by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, who mail be reimbursed the same by the Clerk or Treasurer for the time being to the said Commissioners of Sewet9, or by such other Person or Persons as aforesaid: And in case the said Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners of Sewers, or such other Persons as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so paid and difourfed, within two Months next after Notice thereof shall be left at the Dwelling-house or )a(l Place of Abode of such Clerk or Treasurer, or other Person, which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and annexed to the Bill, containing an Account of such Charges and Expences; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of any two or more of the said Commissioners, or of their Clerk for the time being, against such Clerk or Treasurer of the said Commissioners of Sewers for the time being, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have so expended for the Purposes aforesaid; in which Action or Actions no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVIII. Provided always, That if it shall be necessary to new-make, alter, or remove any Sewer, CommhBoaert Drain, or Grate, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Paf- *° p*y for sages, that shall not be public Sewers, Drains, or Grates, but belonging to private Persons, such New- "1B Sewer* or making, Alteration, or Removal, shall be paid for by the Commissioners for putting this Act intoExecu- rauu# tion out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall Streets to be have full Power and Authority to cause the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and waUred# other public Passages, or any of them, to be watered as often as they shall think fit; and also to cause any

Well or Wells to be dug and sunk, in such Places as they shall think proper; and also any Pump or Pumps to be created in or near such Places; and also any Pump or Pumps now (landing in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, to be removed or altered as they shall think fit, and to defray the Expence3 thereof out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of, and for the Purposes of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement within the raid Foot-paths to be Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, shall, from and after onefwcpte"er*' D*7* Month next after the passing of this Act, fwcep and clean, or cause to be swept and cleansed, the Foot- c*ccPt un *1* paths before their respective Houses, Buildings, and Walls, once in every Day, between the Hours of

Six and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon (Sundays excepted) upon Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect therein the Sum of five Shillings.

XXXI. And, for the more speedy Removal of sundry Nuisances and Obstructions in the said Streets, Wjrroni dull Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, be it further enacted, That if any

Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, shall be suffered to Hand or continue in any Part of the said [ng"r^nioading* Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, longer than is necessary for the 9

loading or unloading thereof; or if any Coach, Chariot, or other Carriage, or any Goods, Materials, or Things whatsoever, shall Hand, be placed, laid, and left in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts,

Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, so ns ro obfliud the free Pafluge thereof; then, and in every such any Coach, Case, any one or more of the said Commissioners, or any one or more of their Officers shall and maye^‘ seize, or cause to be seized, the Cart, Waggon, Dray, Coach, Chariot, or other Carriage so placed, or ^uain^The suffered t<» stand or continue, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, together with the p4ii..gr, may be Horse or Horfi-s thereunto belonging, or the Goods, Materials, or Things so laid or placed, and left as taken *nJ ke,>t aforeUi I; and remove the same, or cause the same to be removed to such Place or Places, as by the said oil the Ovmera Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall be appointed for that Purpose, there to be kept until five Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, shall and do cl lim the *tl\,n niljlt frmc, and pay to the Person or Persons in whole Custody the same shall then be, the Sum of ten bhiltincs 0t Pajuieoi

together

S 8 C. i

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

ing Wheel-barrows or C*lks on the Foot-w»y.

Inclosures may I e made for the P’irgofeofIJulid-

j ni-

within five Days* together with the Charges of removing and keeping the same; and in case the same shall not be claimed* to be sold, and the said Sum of ten Shillings and Charges paid, within the Space of five Days next after such Seizure* it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five 01 more of them, to cautc the same to be sold, and the Monies arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Penalty cn dnv.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall lead, run, riJc, drive, dravr, or cause to be led, run, driven, or drawn, any Horse, Mule, or other Beall; or any Coach, Chariot, Cart, or Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Truck, Cask, Wheel barrow, or any other Carriage whatsoever, on any Part of the Foot Pavements of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, W ays, or other public Passages, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit, for the first Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings, for the second Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings, and for the thud and every other Offence the Sum of forty Shillings.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons shall and may creel or let up, or cause to be erected or let up, in the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Paffagcr, or any of them, any Inclosure, Polls, Bars, or Rails, or ocher Matters or Things, for the Purpose of making Mortar, and depositing Bricks, Lime, or other Materials for buildir^ or repaii ing any Houses, Buildings, or other Works; every such Person or Persons first obtaining Leave under the Hand of the Surveyor or Clerk for the time being of the said Commissioners, whicA he is hereby impowered to give, by their Permission, signed by two or more of them; but if any Person or Persons shall erc& or set up, or cause to be erected or set up, any such Inclosures, Posts, Bars, or Rails, cr any other Matter or Thing for the Purposes aforesaid, without such Leave first had and obtained, every such Person shall, for every such Offence* forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Shillings for every Hour such Inclosure, Matter, or Thing, as aforesaid, shall remain and continue.

Houses to be

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may numbered, and order and dircA the Houses or other Buildings within the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Alleys, painted°fStrCCtS ^aVs> ant^ other public Passages, or any of them, to be numbered with Figures, placed or painted on ttic panic, Doors thereof, or on such other Part of the said Houses and Buildings respectively as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and may also order and direct to be engraved, painted, or otherwise described, on a conspicuous Part of some House or other Building, at or near the End or Corner of each of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, the Names by which such respective Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Alleys, \Vravs, or other public Passages, are usually or properly called or known; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause and procure the same to be done, and shall he convicted thereof by his or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace afling in and for the County, Liberty, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed; every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of tw'enty Shillings.

ProaUyonde-

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first: Meeting of the said Commissioners, freing the same, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may cause all Signs, or other Emblems to denote the Trade or Calling of any Person or Persons which then, or at any Time after, shall be placed or hung in any Part of the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, to be fixed or placed on the Fronts of such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings respectively, where-unto the same shall l*elong; and also shall and may cause all Sign-posts, Sign-irons, rolls, Boards, Spouts, Gutters, Pent-houses, Butchers Gallowfes, or other Things occasioning any Obstruction, Nuisance, or Annoyance in the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Aileys, Ways, or other public Passages, or any of them, to be taken down, removed, or alccreJ, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any five end placefi in the or more of them, shall think most proper and convenient: And that for the future all Signs, Emblems,

Front of the Boards, Spouts, or Gutters, shall he placed or fixed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Houses or ftujidings whereunto they respectively belong, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,

Nuisance*. shall direct, and not otherwise: And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time thereafter, hang, place,

erect, or build, any Sign, Sign-poll, or Sign-iron, Board, Spout, or Gutter, or cause the lame to be done, in any other Manner than aforesaid, or shall in any Manner occasion any Obllruclion, Incroachment, Nuisance, or Annoyance in the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Pemlty on pla- Passages, every such Person shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of live Pounds; for the cing Signs other- fcccn(j Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds; and for the third and every oilier Offence, the Sum of twenty inovVoccs,°first"' Pounds 5 together with all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which Avail be paid or laid out by the said Com-Offence 101.&c. missioners for removing or altering the lame; such Colls, Charges, and Expences, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, or in the Court of Request for the Liberty of the Tozver Hamlets.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enadlcff, That if any Sign, Sign-iron, or Post, Board, Gutters, Spout, Pent-house, or other Projection, or any Part thereof, shall remain unuied after the Alteration made thereto as before directed, the same shall be returned to, and be the Property of the Peribu to whom the same belonged before such Removal or Alteration.

St p$and S!of« 4

XXXVII. And whereas the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public to be icfiioicd. pafragCS9 are in some Parts thereof greatly obstruAcd, and made dangerous to Foot Passengers, by Steps or Slopes being brought out from Houses, and by Steps and Doors going down into Cellars, Vaults, or other Places, and by Shew-glasses, Shew'-boards, or other Matters or Things projecting from Shops or Houses, over and beyond the Area belonging tg such House, or into the Foot-ways / Be it therefore fat ther enacted,

Ti;ac

Signs to be removed.

Unnfed Sign-irons to be ie-turned.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 12. 3,9

That from and after the first Meeting of the Commissioners appointed by this ActV, all such Steps or Slopes projecting into- the Foot-ways of the said Streits, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Tallages, and all Steps and Doors going down out of the Foot-ways into any Cellars, Vaults, or other Places belonging to any House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, or other Building, which do or shall cause or occasion any Nuisance, Annoyance, Incroachment, or Obstruction in the said Streets, Squares,

Lancs, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, or any of them (either in the Foot or Carriage Way thereof) shall be at the Expence of the said Commissioners from time to time removed, fixed, placed, or altered, in such Manner and Form as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or by their Surveyor.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall come with any Time of empty# Cart or Carts or begin to empty any Bog-house or Bog-houses, Sesspool or Scflpools, or to take away in*Bog-housen any Night Soil from any House or Houses within any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys,

Ways, or other public P.df.ges, before the Hour of Eleven the Clock ii> the Night, or shall continue to take away the same after the Hour of Six of the^ Clock in the Morning from Michaelmas to Lady day y or after the Hour of Five of the Clock in the Morning from Ladyday to Michaelmas; or if any Person shall put or caff, or cause to be put or cart out of any Cart, Tub, or otherwise, in or near any of the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, any such Night Soil; it shall and may be lawful to and for any Constable, Beadle, or Watchman (and they are hereby Itridtly required and directed so to do) or any other Pci (bn or Persons whomsoever, to apprehend and carry him or them, guilty of either of the said Offences, to the Watch-house of the said Parish, and from thence, as soon as conveniently may be, before tome Justice of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place where the same ill all happen, who, upon Oath made of such Offence or Offences, as aforesaid, which Oath such Justice is hereby impoweretl and required to administer* shall and may fine such Person or Persons so offending in ar.y Sum not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, and not less than the Sum of forty Shillings; and in De* fault erf immediate Payment thereof, shall and may commit such Person or Persons guilty of any of the said Offences to the common Gaol for the said County, Liberty, or Place, for any Time not exceeding or.c Month, nor less than five Days, there to be kept to hard Labour: And it shall and may be lawful to* and for the said Commissioners or any five or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to order any Sum not exceeding ten Shillings, nor less than two Shillings and Sixpence, to be paid to the Person who shall detect, apprehend, and convey before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, any such Person or Persons guilty as aforesaid, to be paid out of the Fine hereby before inflicted j or in calc the Offender shall be committed, out of the Rates to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as any of the said Streets, Squares, Lane?, inhabitant? to-Courts, Alievs, Ways, and other public Passages, shall actually be repaved, relayed, or repaired by the give Notice to (hid Commissioners, by virtue of tiffs Act; if any Householder or Householders shall make Complaint in Surveyor* when Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and shall leave the same at the lass or usual Place of ^avr7lcnts Wint' Abooc of the Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners of any Defect or WantKef>air*

of Repair in any of the Pavements of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Pafijges \ then, and in every such Case, the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall view the said Pavement, ami reporr the Condition thereof to the said Commissioners, at their next Meeting; and if the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to whom such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall, upon such View, find the Pavement complained of to be bad and defective (unless it shall appear to arise from a Defect relating to the Water Pipes lying under such Pavement) the said Commissioners or any five or more of them, Hull give Orders to their Cciura<fior or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, to repair the same within such Time as they (bull judge nectffcry for the Repair thereof, which Time shall be specified in such Order; and if the Contractor or Contractors, Pavier or Paviors, to whom such Order shall be given, shall not repair and amend such Pavement within such Time as he or they shall be directed by the said Commissioners to repair and amend the lame; then, and in every such Case, the said Contractor or Contraclors, Pavior or Pa\ ior>, (Lull forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Day that the fiffd detective Pavement shall remain unrepaired after the Time limited by the said Commissioners, in their Lid Order: And one Half of every such Penalty Ih.ffl be applied and paid to such complaining Inhabitant, for Jffs or her LoL of Time and Trouble in and about the Premises, and the other Half for the Puipofis of this Act~

XL. And, for defraying the Charges and Expences attending the Execution of the several Powers by AfTrlDrent m this Act granted, be it lurrner enacted, That from and ufrer the passing of this Act, a Rate or AlUfTment bcira<i«yauqr*\ (over and above all Rates and AflllTments now payable) shall once in every Year, or oftener, if it shall be thought needful by the said Coinnffliioners, or any seven or more of them, be made, laid, and a ill* fled by the said Commissioners, or any leven or more of them, upon all and every Person or Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, poliefs or enjoy any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenements or 1 lcreuiun»entt, wiuffn any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Pjifjgifor railing such c* rrpetent Sum and Sums of Money ns the said Commissioners, or any seven 01 more of tutm, (bail, Irnni time to time, think needful and direct; so as such Rate or Afllfl*-n.cnt, R tes or A if l.ment*, cu not in any one Year exceed in the Whole the Sum of one Shilling and Two-pence m tre uura. of tee yearly Rents or yearly Value of such of the said Lands, Houses, Shop?,

W.irchojfi;, C\i:u«, Vault;, or other Tenements or Hereditament* respectively, as Ih.dl be situate in ;r:y of the said Str-ct K Square^, Lancs, Conns, Alley*, Ways, and other public Passages, the greater Par* or Parts of wd.wh find Strtvfe, qiurcs. Lanes. Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Pathe;cs iefptj> tiuly, (LedI be u-ffuJiy bc^Mi :<j tc paved T.'itn new ox other Stones of a fku Surface, by virtue 0/ in pur-

iu.i.:, c

40

C. 12.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

fuance of this Act, and not exceeding Nine-pence in the Pound of the yearly Rents or yearly Value of such of the said Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehoulls, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, as shall be situate in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, which shall be actually begun to be new-paved; the Foot-ways whereof shall be constructed with new or flat Stones, and the Carriage-ways thereof with the old Stones which shall be taken up in the same, or any other of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound of the yearly Rents or yearly Value of such of the said Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, as shall be situate in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, which shall only be repaired by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

Houses in dif.

XLI. And whereas it may happen, that the same Person or Persons may hold or occupy a Dwelling-^r*P^Strec!1 *n house. Warehouse or Shop, or other Premises, situate in some one of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, ^me Person to Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, which may be rated at the first or second Mode of Af-bVnitedTepa’ ° feflment; and may also hold and occupy a House, Shop, or Warehouses, or other Premises, situate in rately. another of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, and lying

behind or contiguous to the nrft-mentioned House, Shop, or Warehouse, or other Premises, which may be rated at the second or third Mode of Assessment Be it therefore further enacted, That distinct and separate Rates shall, by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, be made of such respective Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Buildings, or other Premises, according to the Rate imposed or raised on the respective Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, in which such Houses, Shops, or Warehouses, or other Premises, shall be situated, or be eitcemed to belong, notwithstanding such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or other Premises, shall be in the joint Possession of the same Person or Persons.

Corner or ai- ‘

XLII. And whereas several Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other Buildings in the said Streets, Squares, joining House* Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, are partly situate within the same, and are partly how to be rated, gtuate jn^ Qr acjj0jn to or abutt upon other Streets, Lanes, Ways, or Passages, which are not within or Part of the aforesaid Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages intended to be paved by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and the Holders and Occupiers of such Houses or Warehouses, Shops, or other Buildings, are or may be obliged to pave the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, or Passages, or are or may be subject to be rated and taxed towards paving or repairing such other Streets, Lanes, Ways, or Passages, in which the same are partly situate, or do thereto adjoin or abutt:' Be it therefore further enacted, That such Houses, Warehouses, Shops, and other Buildings, shall be only rated and taxed for the Purposes in this Act, at such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think reasonable, not exceeding one Half of the Rate they would have been rated and taxed at, if such Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other Buildings, had flood wholly within the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages intended to be paved or repaired by virtue of this Act.

Commissionew 4

XLIII. And whereas it may be reasonable to excuse some Persons from the Payment of the aforesaid WVpTUnf ^ates or Assessments in Part, on account of their Poverty ;’ for Relief therefore in such Case, be it further not lef^than of enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or Half. more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to grant to such Person or Persons such Relief in the Payment of the said Rate or Assessment as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, so as the Reduction doth not exceed one Half of the Assessment payable by such Person or Persons.

XLIV. And whereas many Houses within the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, are, by the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, let out in Lodgings and Tenements to divers Tenants, whereby it will be difficult to rate or act'efs the said Tenants, in respect of such Houses, or to recover such Rates and Assessments when made ;* for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to rate and assess the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Houses or Tenements, as shall be let to or occupied by two or more Tenants; which Rate or Assessment shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses or Tenements, and the Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses or Tenements is and are hereby authorised and required to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so rated or assessed upon the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof (the fame being duly demanded of such Occupier or Occupiers) and to deduct the same out of his, her, or their respective Rents; and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Houses or Tenements, is and are hereby directed and required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their Rents; and every such Occupier paying such Assessment or Assessments shall be acquitted and discharged for so much of his or her Rent as the said Assessment or Assessments so paid by him or her shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons to whom his or her Rent shall be due and payable; and in Default of Payment of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessrnenrs the same shall be and remain a Charge upon the said Premises, and shall and may he recovered of and from the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court for the Recovery of small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, to be commenced and prosecuted by and in the Name or Names of two or more of the said Commissioners, or of the Collector or Collectors to be appointed by virtue of this Act:; in which Action or Suit, no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed. 2

Houses let in Tenement* to be taxed.

A.D. 1771.nno undecimo Georgii III. C. iz. 41,

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commis- Power to com* fiorers, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, to compound with the Owner or Owners, Pro- pound, prictor or Proprietors of any such Houses or Tenements, the annual Rent or Value whereof shall be under ten Pounds, for the Rate by this Act authorised to be laid upon such Houses or Tenements, so as in such Composition there be not remitted to any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, more than one third of the Rate or Assessment by this Act laid upon such Houses or Tenements reflectively.

XLVI. And forasmuch as it is reasonable that all public Buildings, and all Dead Walls, and void P'jMc Build- Spaces of Ground, within or adjoining to the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and ,n?s» &c*10 bc other public Passages, or any of them, should be rated and assessed in a due Proportion towards the paving rate<*’

the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages ;* Be it therefore further enabled, That it shall and may bc lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby required to rate and assess all Churches, Church-yards, Chapels, and other public Buildings whatsoever, and all Dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground within the said Streets,

Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, or any of them, at such Rate as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall judge reasonable, for every square Yard of such Churches, Church-yards, Chapels, and public Buildings, and Dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, rot exceeding the Rate of Sixpence for every square Yard of Pavement belonging to every such Church,

Church-yard, Chapel, or public Buildings, Dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground; and such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so to be from time to time made upon any Church, Church-yard, or Chapel, shall bc paid by the respective Church or Chapel Wardens; and such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so to bc from time to time made upon any public Building, or upon any Dead Wall, or void Space of Ground, shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietor! thereof.

XLVII. And whereas several Meeting-houses within the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Weet-

Ways, or other public Passages, are uninhabited and unoccupied, except at and during the Times Of,n6*houcl'

public Worstiip, whereby it will be difficult to rate and assess the same, towards the Purposes of this Act,

and to recover the Rate and Assessment thereon when made For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted and declared, That the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so to be from time to time made upon any Meeting-houses within the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, shall and may be demanded of the Minister or Deacons, or other Person usually officiating therein;

and such Minister or Deacons, or other Person, is and are hereby required to pay the same upon Demand to be paid by the

to the Collector or Collectors of the said Rates and Assessments for the time being, by whom the same shall M, Tufttr 01

be demanded; and if such Minister, Deacon, or other Person, of whom such Rate or Rates, Assessmentcon#

or Assessments, shall be so demanded, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same upon such Demand, then, and

in every such Case, such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall and may be recovered of and from the Person or Persons so required to pay the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any

of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of R^aucfts for Recovery of small Debts

for the Tcwer HomlcU% to be commenced and prosecuted by and in the Name or Names of two or more of the said Commissioners, or of the Collector or Collectors, who shall have so demanded the same; in which

Action or Suit, no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed;

and in Default of Payment of such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, the same shall be and remain

a Charge upon such Meeting-house, and be paid by the Landlord or Owner thereof.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that any of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Untenacted Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements within the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Al- to leys. Ways, or other public raflages, shall at the Time of making any of the said Rates or Assessments bc T*led* empty, untenacted, or unoccupied; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to rate and assess the said Premises; and in such Case, as well as in the Case the said Premises shall, after the making of such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, become empty, untenacted, or unoccupied, one Half of such Rate or Assessment shall be a Charge on such Premises respectively, and be paid by the first Tenant or Occupier thereof, who shall and may, and is hereby authorised to deduct and retain the same out of his, her, or their Rents; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner and Owners of such Premises, is and are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Abatement upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their respective Rents; and the Tc-n nt or Occupier shall be and is hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of his or her Rent as the Rate or Assessment so paid by him or her shall amount unto.

XI.IX. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Person or Persons who shall bc rated or Manner of Zi* addled by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money so rated or assessed «o*cr,'. for the Space of fourteen Days next after the same shall be due, and demanded by the Collector or Col-authorised and appointed to collect and receive the same (such Demand being cither personally made of the respective Person or Persons so charged, or left in Writing at his, her, or their respective House or llouf S or Place or Peaces of Abode) then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and fur such Collector or Collectors, every or any of them, having a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County of lUidiUsex, or for the Liberty of his Majesty's Tcivrr of Lit.dm%

(which Warrant the said Collector and Collectors is and aie hereby nquired to apply for, and the Justice to applied to is hereby authorised and required to grant) with the Assistance of a Constable, or other Peace Officer of the Parish where the Person or Persons so refuling or neglecting shall refule, to enter into the lb.use or Houses, Apartment or Apartments of the Person ot Personi so ielLfing or neglecting us u.'oreianf.

Vet. XI. Ci and

42

C. 12.

Anno nndecimo Georgii III. A.D. 17

Occupier* quitting without paying Rates, maybe followed.

Agreement between Landlord mnd Tenant touching the pavinp, &c. not vacated, and in eafeof I ifpute, to be determined by Commissioners.

Commissionera

im powered to bojrow Money upon the Credit of tht Kates.

For borrowing Money by Aq-nuitics on Lives.

If Annu’fso's «iir a-.v } 11 -on rr.-' pj.ich-iJc iinuii,) s tut tliur Lives.

and then and there to distrain his, her, or their Goods and Chattels; and if the same shall not be replevied, or such Rate or Assessment paid within five Days next after such Distress made, together with the Costs and Charges thereof, then to sell and dispose of so much and such Part of the said Goods and Chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Assessment, with the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels (the said Costs and Charges to be settled and allowed by such Justice who shall have granted such Warrant or Warrants respectively); and in case no such Goods or Chattels can be found to be so distrained, or in case such Goods and Chattels shall be locked up or secured, or removed from the said Collector or Collectors, so that he or they cannot distrain the same, then, and in either of the said cases, upon Information thereof given to any Justice of the Peace, acting in and for the said County or Liberty, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to commit the Person or Persons so addled, and refusing or neg!e#ing to pay the said Rates, to the common Gaol for the County, Liberty, or Place where such Person or Persons shall reside, or shall be found, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding two Months, or until the Payment of such Rate or Affect'ment, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof.

L. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons, who hath or hare been rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Shop, Vault, Cellar, or Tenement, whereupon such Rate or Assessment has been made, before he, she, or they (half have paid the same, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the same when due and demanded by the Person or Persons authorised and appointed to colle# and receive the same, that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, and every or any of them, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace, a#ing in and for the said County, or for the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London (which Warrant the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to grant to any Place within his Turifdi#ion, or out of the Limits thereof; such Warrant being hrft backed or countersigned by some Magistrate in the County, City, or Liberty, where the Distress is to be made) try distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so negle#ing or refusing, and the same to sell and dispose of, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels* after deducing the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale.

LI. Provided always, and be it further ena#ed, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement between Landlord and Tenant, touching or concerning the paving of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public raf-sages, or any Part of them; but that every Person who is now, by virtue of any such Contract or Agreement, obliged to pave, or keep in Repair, any Part of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys* Ways, or other public Passages, or any of them, shall in lieu thereof be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made and assessed, or so much thereof as shall, by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, be deemed just and reasonable, according to the true Meaning of such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, for arrd during such Time as such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, shall remain in Force; and in case any Dispute shall arise concerning such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement^the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have Power, and they are hereby required to hear and finally determine the fam'e.

LII. And for the more effe#ually enabling the said Commissioners to execute the Purposes of this Actr' in the most expeditious Manner, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, whenr they shall judge it necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, and by any Writing or Writings upon Vellum or Parchment, signed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to assign the said Rates and Assessments, or a competent Part thereof, to any such Person or Persons who shall advance orlend such Money thereon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with legal or lower Interest for the same, which Interest shall be payable and paid by the said Commissioners half-yearly, out of the Monies to arise by or from the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act.

LIII. And whereas many Persons may chuse to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities to be secured upon, and payable out of the said Rates and Assessments; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of thpm, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of four thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of eveiw such Contributor or Contributors respectively, or the natural Life ofluch other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by, or on Behalf of such Contributor or Contributors respectively, at the Time of Payment of his, her, or their respective Contribution-money, so as the said Annuity or Annuities do not exceed the Rate of nine Pounds by the Hundred by the Year and so in Proportion for any greater or Idler Sum, to be paid as aforesaid, and so as the said Annuit es to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, do not at any Time exceed in the whole the Sum of four thousand Pounds.

LIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further ena#ed, That the better to enable the Commissioners to raise* Money to pay the Money borrowed on the said Rates, and until the said Sum of four thousand Pounds to \ c boi rowed by virtue of this Act shall be fully paid and satisfied, that when and as often as any such Annuitant or Annuitants shall die, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to purchase of the

5 said

43

A* D. tjjTt

Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 12.

laid Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, one or more Annuity or Annuities, in the Room of such Annuitant or Annuitants so dying, upon the Life of I'uch Person or Persons, upon such Terms and Conditions, and payable in such Manner as above mentioned; so that the Sum or Sums to be contributed for the Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted by virtue of this Act, shall, at no one Time, exceed the said Sum of four thousand Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, under and Annuities fey virtue of this Act, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from time to ur°a time, out of the Monies arising by the Rates and Assessments aforesaid; and all and every the Contributor tnc Kalc* and Contributors, upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Confederation or Purchase money as afore-(aid, for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue of-thiWVft, to have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased out of the said Rates or Assessments by this Act appointed for the Payment thereof, as aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to be nominated by each Purchaser or Contributor as before mentioned; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have good* sure, absolute, and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the Annuity or Annuities so by him, her, or them respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said Annuities shall now, or hereafter, be subject or liable to the Tax charged, or to be charged upon Land by Authority of Parliament i and that every Contributor for the Purpose of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase money, shall have a Receiptor Receipts for *he fame, and also an Order on Parchment (which may be made without any Stamp) for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and by half-yearly Payments, which Order shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; and after signing thereof, the same shall be firm, valid, and of good Effect in the Law, according to the true Purport and Meaning of this Act.

LV1. And be it further enacted, That the Cleric of the said Commissioners for the time being shall enter Clerk to fn-er in a Book or Bools, to be for that Purpose provided and kept by the said Commissioners, all Securities for Src, ritic* (oT Monies borrowed, or Annuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and all Assignmervts or

Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length, the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, n<W

and other Descriptions of all such Persons as shall from time to time be intitled to such Securities, and the Sums received upon such Securities, and also the Name, Surname, Addition, Place of Abode, and other Description of every Person for whose Life any Annuity shall be granted by virtue of this Act, and the Days whereon the said Annuity shall be payable; to which Book and Books the Person and Persons intitled to, and possessed of such Annuity, and all and every the Person or Persons liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Asscflments, shall at all reasonable Times have Access, with free Liberty to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons in- For Assignment titled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any of Sccun ,c<* Time or limes, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively, to assign or transfer such Securities, by Indorsement on the Back thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so toties fuotiss; and such Arguments or Transfers, after they shall respectively be entered by the Clerk of the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, (which he is hereby required to do without Fee or Reward) shall intitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, or their respective Ex-ccutois, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so assigned or transferred.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies raised orcollefted by virtue, or by means, or under the Money veil'd in Authority of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and shall be ap- Comrr.iffioncrf. plied for the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of procuring and F*pcnc« of the passing this Act shall be paid out of the fuss Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act. Awt.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, (the Manner p(-naltfe« not of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and rcco- othi wife pro-vered by Uistress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal 0fv, acd f‘r»how to any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the County, Liberty, or Place, where the Offence shall be com- beAtv, cl# mitted; which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods or Chattels shall be so diffrained and fold, the Charges of such Diffrefi* and Sale being first deducted, shall be paid to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the time being, and be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand, to cause such Offender or OfKndcis to be committed to the common Gaol of the County or Liberty where such Offence shall be committed, or where such Offender shall be convicted, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding two Months, nor less than one Week, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reaLnable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satished.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said pJr: of Pmaltici Commissioners, or any five or morenf them, from time to time, if they shall see Cauie, to pay and apply m*y br^d to such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as they shall think proper, not exceeding o.ic half thereof, to the Informer*.

44

C. 12. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

and for the Use of the Informer or Informers; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Power to adml-

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Cognizance is given to any Justice or Justices nifter Oathi. of the Peace by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath to any Person for his or their more certain Information in the Matters then depending.

Justices may »a

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or Justices of the although Com- Peace for the County of Middlesex, or for any Justice or Justices for the Liberties of his Majesty's Tower of jruilioners. London, although such Justices shall be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, to hear and determine

any Offences arifin^or they canno*Jurisdictions, which are made punishable by virtue of this Act. i to

c'omrriPionpra

LXIV. And ' rafted, That the said Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings under this

10 pay their own Act, pay and *, their own Expences.

Expence#. LXV. iu.a uC it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums

Distress notun. of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party lawful for want or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of 1 orm. Form in any Proceedings relating thereto 5 nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be hereafter done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, may recover tull Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cale.

Plaintiff not to

LXVI. Provided always, That no Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity, Tref-rrcover if Ten* pass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by, or on the Behalf of the Party dcrof Araendi or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, or fee made, wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action,

determined by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, may, at any Time before Issue joined, pay into the Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders, and Judgements, shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions, where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Writings to be

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Contraft, Bond, Warrant, Judgement, or without Stamp*, other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by any Commissioner, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any other Person or Persons whomsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

Orders, &c. to

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, or any be entered in of them, at all their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such Or-

Book*. ders an(j Proceedings, so entered, shall be signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and such Orders

and Proceedings so signed shall be deemed to be Originals; which said Book and Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

Appeals may be

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself* made to the herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall

Quarter SeiEocs. and may, within three Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of Middlesex, or Liberty of his Majesty's Tovjer of London, such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or causing to be given* Notice in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or causes thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and within one Month next after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance or Recognizances before some Justice of the Peace in and for the said County or Liberty, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal mentioned in such Notice, and abide the Order, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices; and the Matter of such Appeal shall be heard and determined by the said Justices, at the next General Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County or Liberty, or any Adjournment thereof, or at any Adjournment of the then, last General Sessions of the Peace in and for the said County or Liberty, which shall first happen next after the Expiration of one Month from the Day of giving such Notice; and the said Justices, at such Sessions or Adjournment, upon due Proof of such Notice Deing given, and of the entering into such Recognizance or Recognizances, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs for the Appellant or Appellants, or Respondent or Respondents, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final, binding, and corx-elusive, to and upon all Parties concerned or interested therein.

Justice* to

LXX. Provided always, That upon all Appeals from any of the Rates or Assessments to be made or

amend Rates imposed by the Authority of this Act, the Justices of the Peace, where they shall see just Cause of Relief* appealed against shall and are hereby impowered to amend the same Rates and Assessments, in such Manner only as shall be w thoui altering necessary for giving Relief to the Person or Persons so appealing, without altering such Rates or Affsllments tiieoiher Rate*, respCft to any other Persons mentioned in the same.

Proceedings not

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any 10 be quaked for Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or W.U11 oi Form, transacted, in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quaffed for want of Form, or be Nor removed by removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majestys Courts of Re-Ctuuuci. ‘ cord at Westminster -y any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding,

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 13. 45

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against Limitation of any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless thirty Days Notice thereof Action*. shall be first given in Writing to the Cleric or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or unless the fmc shall be commenced before the Expiration of six Months next after the Fact committed, or unless Tender of reasonable Amends hath not, or shall not have been made by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, nor unless such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the County of Middlesex\ and the Defendant or Defendants, in any Action or Suit, to be commenced for any Thine done in pursuance of this Act, shall and m?w nlcad the General Issue, and give Cweral Wue, this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had sideration or Pure^at the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be brought, was done in pu<.:r respective Authority of this Act; and it such Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done; oi*: this >ear that such

Action or Suit was brought before thirty Days Notice thereof was given in Writing to t. *k or Treasurer of the said Commissioners, signed by the Plaintiff" or Plaintiffs; or if it shall appear ttwiuiu Action or Suit was not commenced before the Expiration of six Months next after the Fast committed; or if it shall appear that Tender of reasonable Amends was made by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, before such Action or Suit was commenced or brought; or such Action or Suit shall be brought in any other County or Place than the County of Middlesex\ that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Def endants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (half become non-suited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same, as any De- Treble Costs. ftndant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to explain a Clause in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for better /applying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof with Water; and for better paving1 and lighting the said City; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for better (up- Preamble*, plying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof with Water; and for the better paving and € lighting the said City; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein: And whereas, by a Clause or Proviso in the said Act, it is, amongst other Things, provided. That no Person should be rated or affected for any House, Warehouse, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, that hath no Part thereof situated upwards of thirty Yards from any main Pipe, laid, or to be laid, for supplying the said City with Water: And whereas the Commissioners appointed by the said Act cannot carry the same into Execution, the Intention of the Act being, that only such Houses, Warehouses, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as had some Part thereof situated within thiitv Yards of a main Pipe,

should be rated and attlffed :* In order therefore to explain the said Clause or Proviso, and to enable the Commissioners to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution *, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled* and fey the Authority of the same, That from and after the patting of this present Act, so much of the said CUufe in th* Clause or Proviso, in the said former Act, as provides that no Person shall be rated or act'effect for any

House, Warehouse, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, that hath no Part thereof situated upwards of *iled# thirty Yards from any main Pipe, laid, or to be laid, for supplying the said City with Water, shall be repealed.

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That no Person whatsoever shall be rated or aflctted ProV4r°» for or on account of any House, Warehouse, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, for any of the Purposes of the said Act, unless such House, Warehouse, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, hath some Part thereof situated within thirty Yards of some main Pipe already laid, or which shall be hereafter laid, within the said City or Liberties, for supplying the same with Water; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices* and all other Persons whomsoever, without fptciaJly pleading the Lime.

46

C. 14.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Guardians,

CAP. XIV.

An Act for better regulating the Poor within the City of Oxford.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Poor in the City of Oxford are very numerous, and are maintained and supporteS at a great Expence by their respective Parishes and Places: And whereas the granting of proper Powers for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor of the said City, and providing a Place for their general Reception, will tend to the more effectual Assistance and Relief of such as by Age, Infir- mities, or Diseases, are rendered incapable of supporting the mfclveshy their Labour, to the better Employment of the Able and Industrious, to the Correction and Punishment of the Profligate and Idle, and to the Education of Poor Children in Religion and Industry; and thereby the Poor, instead of being wholly supported by the Public, may contribute to the Support, Assistance, and Relief, mutually of each other, and be of some Advantage to the Community, to which they have hitherto been only a heavy and grievous Burthen May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it cn-acted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Assistants, Town Clerk, and Solicitor of the said City, for the - time being, and also such charitable Persons who shall, from time to time, be elected under the Powers herein contained, and also the respective Numbers following, of the Inhabitants of the said City, to be elected in Manner herein after directed; (that is to say) For the Par i£h of All Saints, three; St. Aldafe's, four; St. Alby, two; Holywell, three; St. Martins, three; St. Mary Magdalen, four; St. Mary the Vir~ giriy three; St. Michael's, three; St. Peter lc Bailey, two; St. Peter in the Eafly three; and the Parish of St. Thomas, four; all resident within the said Parishes, or so many of such Inhabitants, who shall from time to time be so elected, shall be, and are hereby declared to be incorporated by the Name of The Guardians of the Poor within the City of Oxford; and shall for ever, in Name and Fact, oe one Body Politic and Corporate in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall have a perpetual Succefnon, and a Common Seal, and shall be and be called Guardians of the Poor within the City of Oxford; and shall be enabled to sue and plead, and be sued by that Name in all Courts and Places of Judicature within that Part of Great Britain called England; and by that Name shall and may, without Licence in Mortmain, purchase, take, or receive, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the Gift, Alienation, or Demise, of any Person or Persons, for any Estate or Interest whatsoever, and who are hereby enabled to convey or devise the same, and to give or bequeath any Money, Goods, and Chattels whatsoever, for the Use and Benefft of the Corporation aforesaid; and by that Name the said Corporation may and are hereby impowered to convey, assign, release, transfer, or dispose of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Money, Goods or Chattels, for the Benefit and Use of the said Corporation, as there shall be Occasion: And the said Guardians shall have, and are hereby declared to have Power and Authority, from time to time, at any special Court or AlVembly, to be held in pursuance of this Act, to make and ordain such Bye Laws, Rules, and Ordinances, and also to vary, alter, change, or repeal the same, or any Part thereof, for the better governing such Corporation, and the Poor which shall be under their Care, and for carrying on any Trade, Business, or Manufacture that shall be set on foot by such Corporation, for the Employment of the said Poor, and other the Ends and Purposes of this Act, as by the major Part of the Guardians present at such Court or Aflem-bly shall be thought proper; which said Bye Laws, Rules, and Ordinances so made, ordained, varied, altered, or changed, shall, at each such Court, be fairly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, which shall be called The Book of Statutes; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, and Ordinances, when entered as aforesaid, shall be subscribed by the Guardians, or the major Part of them present, and all such Bye Laws, Rules, and Ordinances, shall, until repealed, varied, or altered by some succeeding Special Court, be binding to all Parties hereby intended to be affected by the same.

Time of Meeting IE And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That on the first Sunday after the twerrty-to eka Guar- fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, immediately after divine Service in the Forenoon or Afternoon, and so in like Manner on every Sunday next following the twenty-fourth Day of June in every Year, for ever, or on some other Day, within ten Days next after every such twenty-fourth Day of June, the Parishioners of the said respective Parishes herein before named, or any seven or more of them, (who shall by Law have Power to vote in Vestry) shall and may meet in the Vestry-room m and belonging to each of the said Parish Churches, or in some Part of each such Church, and elect so many of the Inhabitants of the said City, qualified as herein after is mentioned, to represent each such Parish, and to act as Guardians of the Poor of the said City, who shall severally continue in, and execute such Office, until others shall be chosen in their Places; and in case any of the said Guardians, to be elected as aforesaid, shall die or refuse to ad, some other such Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said City, so qualified as aforesaid, shall be elected in his or their Stead, within ten Days after the Death or Refusal to ad of eaxrh such former Guardians, by such the Parishioners of the proper Parish, not being less than three, who shall and hereby have Power to meet together in Vestry, for such Purpose: And all such Vessries shall be called and held at and within the respective Times aforesaid, for and in respect of the said several Parishes: And the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of each and every such Parish shall, and are hereby required to call and hold the same with the Parishioners who shall be there assembled, and cause previous Notice of each such Vestry to be given in their respective Parish Church, on Sunday after Service, at lead one Week

before

Byc Laws, &c.

to be entered in Books.

duns i Parish

1 each

47

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 14.

before such intended Meeting, to the Intent the Parishioners may and shall attend every such Vestry: And in case any such Churchwardens or Overseers shall neglect or refuse to call and hold, and to give such previous Notice of every Vestry directcJ to be called as aforesaid, or to attend the same themselves unless prevented by Illness, or any extraordinary Occasion, to be allowed of by the Majority of Persons present, every such Churchwarden or Overseer shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay, out of their own Pilate, the Sum of five Pounds, for the Use of the said Corporation, within twenty Days after and Penalty each such Forfeiture shall he incurred: And in case at the holding of any such Vestries as aforesaid, so rCy,’:R, OC4a many of the Parishioners shall not attend there as before directed, besides the said Churchwardens or Over- c ry‘ seers, or any two or more of them; then, and in every such Case, the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or any two or more of them, together with so many of such Parishioners as shall attend, or for Want of any such Parishioners, then the said Churchwardens and Overseers alone, or the Majority of them then present, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered, in every such Case, to nominate, elect, and chuse to many Inhabitants of the said City to represent the same Parish as Guardians, as shall be then wanting to be chosen, as fully and effectually as if all the Churchwardens and Overseers, and so many of the ra-lifhioners of the same Parish as are before dhefted to compose each*such Veftiy, had then and there attended, and been present.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of being elected, or Qualification of of acting as a Guardian under this Act, unless he shall then rent an Estate of the yearly Rent or Value of Gu-rJi-ns. ten Pounds or upwards, or be intitled to an Estate in the said City of the yearly Value of ten Pounds or upwards, for which he shall pay or allow Taxes for the time being, towards the Relief of the Poor, in

his own Right.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians, so elected as aforesaid, or any thirteen or more First Meeting, of them, shall meet on the second Monday in July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, or within

six Days next following, in the Council Chamber, or in some other convenient Place in the said City; and, being so afilmbled, shall proceed to the Execution of this Act, and cleft and constitute out of and Guardians to from among themselves, the said Guardians, the several Officers to act in and as Part of the said Corpora- Orficer*. tion, as follows; that is to say, one Governor, two or more Deputy-governors, one or more Treasurer or Treasurers, and one or more Auditor or Auditors, and such other Officers by such Name and Names, to continue in such respective Offices from thenceforth for one Year and from the End of such one Year, so often as the Case shall require, until other such like Officers are chosen, as hereafter directed; and from and after such first Election of such several Officers, the said Guardians, or any thirteen or more of them, fli til, and hereby have full Power to assemble in the House of Industry for the time being, and there to cleft and constitute, out of and from amongst the whole Number of the said Corporation for the time being, on the second Monday in July in every Year for ever, or within six Days next after every such Annua* Cover-ibcond Monday injuly, one Governor, and such Deputy-governors and other Officers as are before named, non 10bccho co* to continue in their respective Offices for one Year, or until others shall be chosen within the Time, and according to the Directions aforesaid > and the said Guardians, or any thirteen or more of them, shall, and are hereby impowered, in case of the Death of any such Officer or Officers so chosen before the Expiration of his or their said Office, within thirty Days next afterwards, to meet in the House of Industry for the time being, and cleft such other or others of the said Corporation, in the Place of him or them so dying, to hold the said Office respectively, for the Remainder of the Term such deceased Officer would have held the same; and the said Guardians, or any thirteen or more of them, are hereby authorised, for just Caul'c, at any Special or Monthly Court or Courts, to remove and displace any of the aforesaid Officers out of their Office, and thereupon to cleft and constitute from amongst themselves, a fit Person to supply the Office for the Time each such removed Person would have continued therein, in case he had not been removed.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Guardians, before they shall take upon them- Cuardian* to

fel vts the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, other than the administering thclaketbe *oilwW* Oath following to one another, shall severally take the following Oath; (jhat is to say J ,ng

A.B. will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice, truly and impartiary, according to the Oath# best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute and perform all and every the Trulls, Powers, and Authorities, as a Guardian, and also of the Office of (as the Case shall be) appointed in pursuance of an Act, passed in the eleventh Year of King George the Third, for better regulating the Poor within the City of Oxford:

So help me GOD.

Which Oath the said Guardians, or Members of the said Corporation, or any one or more of them, is and are hereby required and impowered to administer, at their first Meeting or Court, or at any subsequent Meeting or Court, to be from time to time had and held in pursuance of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who, from and after the Penalty on Re-f.iiu second Afcnday in July, Dull be duly qualified, elected, and constituted into the Trull or Office of a*oUi Guardian, Governor, Deputy-governor, Treasurer, Auditor, or of any other nominal Office of and be-

longing to the said Corporation, by virtue of and according to the Tenor of this Act, and (h.tll, af ter ten I)a>3 Notice thereof m Writing, signed by the Governor, or any one Deputy-governor, or any three Guardians for the time being of the laiJ Corporation, given to him, or left at his own House or Pljce of Abode, wilfully and obstinately, and without reasonable Cause to be by him shewn, and to be approved of by the said Corporation, or the Majority thereof present at their next Court, to be held in pursuance of this Act, after the Expiration of such ten Days, refuse or neglect to accept of, and to take upon him Inch

Trull

C. 14.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

No Person liable to ferre again within 5 Years alter the first Ektfion and ailing;

nor to serve, if he is 60 Years of Age.

Guardians to hold weekly Courts

a General

Trust or Office; or in case of accepting the same, shall refuse or neglect to act therein, from time to time, for and during the Term mentioned for that Purpose in this present Aift, and as the Duty of such Trust and Office may require, shall respectively forfeit and pay to the Use of the said Corporation, the Sums of Money following; that is to say, each such Person to be duly elected Governor of the said Corporation, the Sum of twenty Pounds; each such Person to be duly elected Deputy-governor thereof, the Sum of fifteen Pounds; each such Person to be duly elected Treasurer thereof, the Sum of twelve Pounds and ten Shillings; each such Person to be duly ele&ed Auditor, or any other nominal Officer from amongst the said Guardians, the Sum of twelve Pounds and ten Shillings; and each such Person hereby, or to be duly appointed or elected a Guardian of the said Corporation for the time being, the Sum of five Pounds: And in case of any such Refusal or Neglect to accept any such Trust or Office as aforesaid, some other qualified and fit Person or Persons shall, with all convenient Speed, be duly, and according to the Directions of this Act, elected and constituted, as in the first Instance, in the Stead of him or them so refilling or neglecting as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall be elected or constituted as aforesaid a Guardian, Governor, Deputy-governor, Treasurer, Auditor, or any other nominal Officer of the said Corporation, and shall take upon him the said Trust or Office, and shall act therein, from time to time, for and during the Time herein expressed for that Purpose, and as the Duty of such Trust or Office may require, shall, upon any Re-ele«ftion of him within the Space of five Years next after the End of such Time he was ele<sted, and so acted, be thereupon compellable to take upon him, or to act in the said re-elected Trust or Offices, or any of them, without his own free Consent, or be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatsoever for refilling or neglecting so to do: And that no Person, of the Age of sixty Years and upwards, shall be compellable to take upon him, or to act in any of the Trusts or Offices aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Guardians for the time being, or any five or more of them, shall have Power, and are herebyenjoined and required, from time to time, from and after the End of ten Days immediately following the said second Monday in July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, to meet and to hold a Court or Assembly of the said Corporation, in the Council Chamber, or some other convenient Place, till a proper Workhouse or House of Industry is provided, and then in the said House of Industry for the time being on Thursday in every Week for ever, between the Hours of three and seven in the Afternoon; and that the said Guardians for the time being, or any nine or more of them, whereof the Governor or one Deputy-governor shall be one, shall, and are hereby required, from and after the said second Monday in July, to hold a Special Court or Assembly in the

monthly Board j said Council Chamber, or in such House of Industry, to be called A General Boards on the first cIhurfday in every following Month for ever, between the same Hours as are before appointed for the holding of each weekly Court: And also that the Governor for the time being, or all the Deputy-governors, or any two or more of them, without the said Governor for the time being, shall, and hereby hath and have Power and Authority, at any such Time or Times as to him or them shall seem meet, to summon, assemble, and hold any other Special Court or Assembly of the said Corporation, to consist of nine of the Members there* of at least, upon two Days Notice exclusive being given, under the Hand or Hands of such Governor or Deputy-governor so calling the same, to the said several Guardians for the time being, or left at each of their Places of Abode in the said City of Oxford, expressing the Time of holding such Court or Assembly: And in case any thirteen of the said Guardians for the time being, upon any Emergency, shall signity it under their Hands to the said Governor, or in his Absence from the said City of Oxford, to the said Deputy-governors, or any two of them for the time being, that it is their Desire that an extraordinary Court or Assembly of the said Corporation may be called and held, which shall always consist of twenty-one of the said Guardians at least, the said Governor, or in such his Absence, the said Deputy-governors, or any two of them shall, and are hereby enjoined and required to summon, call, and hold such Court or Assembly at such Time as the said thirteen Guardians shall so desire; and on Refusal or Neglect of the said Governor, after any such Request to him, the said Deputy-governors for the time being, or one of them, on receiving such Signification from any thirteen of the said Guardians, shall be bound, and are and is hereby likewise enjoined and required to summon, call, and hold any such Special Court or Assembly, at such other Time as the same thirteen Guardians shall then require; and on the Neglect or Refusal of such Deputy-governor, and of such Deputy-governors, then thirteen of the said Guardians shall, and hereby have Power under their Hands to summon, assemble, and hold any such Court or Assembly, at such Time, within seven Days next following such Refusal or Neglect of the said Deputy-governor or Deputy-governors, as they shall appoint; at all which said last mentioned Courts or Assemblies after such Summons, all and every the Member and Members of the said Corporation for the time being are hereby enjoined to appear and be present: And that the said Governor, or, in case of his Absence or Refusal, any one Deputy-governor; and in case of all their Absence or Refusal, any two Justices of the said City shall, and hereby have Power, when and so often as he and they shall think proper, by Summons under his or their Hands, to require all or any of the said Guardians to appear and attend any of the said weekly, monthly, or other Courts or Assemblies; and that all and every the Members of the said Corporation, who shall appear and be present at any of the said Courts (whether by any Summons or not) shall not depart from the same without the Permission of the major Part of the same Court or Assembly; and in case any of such Members, after he or they shall have been summoned to attend any of the several Courts as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appear and attend accordingly, or any of the said Members so appearing at 3ny of the said Courts, whether by such Summons or not, shall q<:it the said Court without such Permission thereof as aforesaid, every such Member shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such reasonable Sum and Sums of Money, nor cx-

3 tecuing

and extraordinary Court! may be called also.

To depart without Leave, Forfeiture not under as.

49

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 14.

ceeding five Shillings, nor under two Shillings, to the Use of the said Corporation, as by the same Court or Assembly, or any succceding Court or Assembly, shall be ordered and directed, unless each such Pc-ri »a having lo offended shall shew fume just and reasonable Excuse, to be allowed of by any such Court or Assembly; and the said Governor, or in his Absence, or on his Refusal, any Deputy-governor, at or before the holding of any the said Courts, and for Want of any such Governor or Deputy-governor, or on his or their Refusal, the major Part of the said Guardians being assembled to such Number, and composing any of the said Courts as aforesaid, shall have, and are hereby severally impowered, by Summons under his or their Hands respectively, to require any Person or Persons whatsoever within the said City to appear before any^uch Court, then and there to answer on Oath (which Oath any of the Members at any such Court have hereby Power to administer) any Mattels or Things relating to the said Corporation; and every such Person so summoned, is hereby required to appear and answer accordingly* on rain of each such Person offending forfeiting and paying for each Offence to the Use of the said Corporation, such Sum as the same, or any future Court shall order, not exceeding five Shillings, nor under two Shillings; unless such Person shall, at the same or next following Court, shew good Cause to such Court, and to be there allowed of to the contrary.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That at all such weekly, PrcGUer.t

monthly, or other Courts, the Governor, if present, or, in his Absence, any one Deputy-governor present, who shall be then named by the Majority of Guardians present at such Court, if more Deputy-governors than one shall attend; or for Want of the Governor, or any of the Deputy-governors being present at any such Court, then any one of the Guardians who shall be appointed by the Majority of the Guardians present at any such Court, shall preside at each such Court, and take the Chair as President of such Court: And in case of an Equality of Voices on any Tran fad ion at any such Court, including the Voice hittcifling of the President, the Prefdent, or the Person so prending, shall have another and the casting Voice. 0,cc’

X. And it is hereby further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Guardians shall, and n ?jr

hereby have full Power and Authority, at or by the Order of any the said Monthly or other Special Courts fur

or Assemblies, to contract and agree for and by, and out of the Money to be raised as hereafter mentioned, rioufr ot into purchase or hire for any Term of Years, or to purchase for ever, any House or Houses, and to lit up and

repair the same; or to purchase any Ground, and to erect and build thereon any House or Houses, 1J hiding or Buildings whatsoever, within the said City o(Oxford, or Suburbs thereof, as and for a Workhouse, or House of Industry; and to assign and fix on any Building, Room, or Apartment, for a Place of Correction: And it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or c notation* Sole, Guardians, Trustees, and Committees, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and 1:li or lc:t* Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Infant Wards, Celtuique Trusts, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Persons. of unfound Memory and Understanding; and to and for all Femes-covert, who are or shall be seised or interested in their own Right; and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be possessed of or interested in any such House or Houses, Land or Ground, to contract with the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, for the Letting or Sale of such House or Houses, Land or Ground, for the Purposes aforesaid: And all Contracts, Lettings, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid, to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage or other Matter whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding: And all such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, and all other Persons, shall be, and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any fgch Corporation or Person, upon Notice to him, her, or ° them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode of such Person, or of the Head Of-no ficcrot such Corporation, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments aforesaid, shall, by the Space of thirty Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented

from treating; then, and in every or any such Case, the said Guardians, or any five or more of then shall cause to be inquired into, ascertained, and allelled (by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of twelve indifferent Men of the City of Oxford, or Suburbs thereof, which Oath any five or more of the Guardians are hereby impowered to administer) what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence shall be made to such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, or other Persons interested therein; and, in order thereto, Cmrdish* to the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered, from time to time, as Occasion summon* J«r», Hull be, to summon before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, any Person whomsoever as a Witness concerning the Premises (which Oath any five or more of the said Guardians are hereby impowered to ad-mimfter): And they shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the said Places in Questions if there be Occasion, and use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises, as they the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained, and allefled such Damage and Recompence, they the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the said Sum or Sums of Money, so allelled by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of, or other Persons interested in the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, according to such Verdici or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdici or Inquisition, and Judgement, Order, or Determination, lo had or made, shall he final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons wlntlocver, claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successi»rs, as well absent as present. Infants, Fcmcs-covert, Idiots, Lunaticks, Cestuique Trusts, and Persons under any other Diubility whatsoever, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Ecclesiastical, Civil, or Elec-nv’iynary, as well as all other Person or Persons whomsoever; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors,

V a. XI. H and

5°

C. 1

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Penalty on Jurymen, &c, Afglccting their Duty.

Expences of Jury how to be paid.

Guardians may purchase Stock and Materials,

and provide for the Poor.

Disorderly Per* Tons may be compelled to be let to work in the House of )nduAiy.\

and Occupiers, and all and every Person and Persons interested in such Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, shall, upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money so aflelled as aforesaid, be thereby and from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property of, in, to, or out of the same: And for the summoning and returning such Jury or Juries* the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to issue out their Warrant to the Bailiffs of the City of Oxford, thereby commanding them to impanel, summon, and return, twenty-four indifferent Persons to appear before the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and the said Bailiffs, their Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impanel, summon, and return, such Number accordingly; and out of the Persons so impanelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, shall swear, or cause to be sworn, twelve, to be drawn by Ballot out of the said twenty-four; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Persons so impanelled, the said Bailiffs, or their Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, who shall be sworn in like Manner, till the Number of twelve be completed; which twelve shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, acting in the Premises, shall have full Power, from time to time, to impose any reasonable Pine or Fines on such Bailiffs, or their Deputy or Deputies, or Agents, making Default in the Premises; and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or, being so sworn, shall refuse to give or not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing, mail refuse to be sworn, and give Evidence; and from time to time to recover, levy, and apply, such Fine or Fines in the same Manner as any other Forfeiture or Penalty is by this Act directed to be recovered, levied, and applied, so as that no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of ten Pounds upon any one Person for one Offence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall give in, and deliver a Verdict or A(Te(T-ment for more Monies, as a Recompence for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons, in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, or for any such Loss or Damage than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, before the summoning or returning the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid; that then, and in such Case, the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Guardians, out of the Rates or AlVertments hereby granted, or out of any Money to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment, for no more, or for less Monies than shall have been agreed to, and offered by the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property in, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid; that then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Guardians shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which Costs shall and may be deducted and retained by the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, out of the Monies so assessed by the said Jury, as the Value of the said Pre-miffs.

XIII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, at or by the Order of any of the same Courts, or at or by the Order of any of the said weekly Courts, to purchase and provide such Goods, Cattle, Chattels, Provisions, Clothing, Utensils, and Materials whatsoever, by and out of the Money to be raised as hereafter mentioned, as shall by any of such respective Courts be thought proper for the effectual setting to Work, receiving, employing, maintaining, and clothing of the Poor, under the Care and Power of the said Guardians, of what Sex, Age, or Condition soever they be: And that the said Guardians shall have, and are hereby empowered to have the Care and Power over, and shall provide for the Maintenance and Employ, and other Management, according to this Act, of all the Poor of the several Parishes and Places in the said City of Oxford, wanting, or seeking Relief; and of such other Poor who shall be taken and received into the said House of Industry, or under the Care of the said Guardians, pursuant to any Power hereby given (except such Poor of the said several Parish.es who shall be otherwise sufficiently provided for by the charitable Gifts of others, or in private Hospitals or Alms-houses within the said City): And the said Corporation shall, and hereby have Power and Authority tp receive, and to order and compel all and every idle and disorderly Person, who, by reason of their idle and disorderly living, shall neglect or refuse to maintain, or shall leave, or threaten to leave and desert their Families, not being afterwards able to maintain themselves; and also all other People who shall beg, seek, or want Relief for the time being, and who shall belong to, and ought, according to this Act, or by any Law in Force, to be relieved and provided for by any of the said several Parishes or Places within the said City of Oxford, to come into, work, dwell, and inhabit in the said House of Industry, hereby vested in, or any other such House as shall belong to the said Corporation for the time being, by virtue of this Act; and to detain, keep, maintain, and employ, all such respective poor Persons therein, so long as it shall not appear to the said Guardians on the Part of any such poor Persons, that any of them respectively are of Ability, or can otherwise be sufficiently maintained and provided for without the Aid and Provision of the said Corporation; and to employ, fee, and compel all such Poor who shall be so received, or come in to dwell, and be in the said House of Industry during such their Abode and Rdidence there, and whilst maintained by the said Corporation as. aforesaid, to do, execute, and per-

t> form

C.

5i

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 14.

form such Work, Labour, Business, and Employ, as the said Guardians, or any five or more of them,

shall think and judge such respective Poor are and shall be able and fit to do and perform for the Use of the said Corporation, and to detain and keep all such idle and disorderly Persons who shall have so deserted, threatened to leave, neglected, or refused to maintain his or their Families, and to set each of them to work in such House of Industry during such Time, and until each such Person, by his or her Work and Labour there, shall have got and raised so much Money above their Maintenance as shall be sufficient to repay and reimburse to the said Corporation the Charges and Expences they shall have sustained in the maintaining and providing for every such idle or difordeHy Person, and his or her Family: And in case any such idle or disorderly Person shall not, by his or her Work and Labour, be able to get so much Money as shall be sufficient to reimburse the said Corporation the Charges and Expences of having maintained him or her, or any of his or her Family as aforesaid; then, and so often as the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, shall, and they hereby have Power to detain and keep such idle and disorderly Person within their House of Correction, to such hard Labour as he or she can undergo^ for the Space of thirty Days, and there to cause hirn or her to be whipped during such thirty Days, so ©ften, not exceeding three times, as the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, shall think proper.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting Guarditn*, &c. as a Governor, Guardian, Treasurer, or other Officer, under this Act, during such Time as he shall be not to unconcerned in any beneficial Contract made by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Governor, Deputy-gover- £cCon* nor. Guardian, Treasurer, or other Officer, under this Act, provide, furnish, or supply, for his own tra wS# c# Profit, any Goods, Materials, or Provisions, for the Use of the said House of Industry, or otherwise, on

account of the Poor to be provided for under this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better providing for and discover- P°°r may *>« ing all such Poor in and belonging to the said several Parishes, it shall be lawful for the said Guardians, or rearched iox> any Person or Persons to be appointed by them, at any of their said Courts, taking a Constable of the said

City, or of the Parish where the Search is intended to be made, to enter any House or other Building in the said City where any such Poor shall dwell, or be known to lodge or be, and to examine, search, and fee what of such poor Persons there are come into, inhabiting, or residing within any of the said several Parishes within the said City of Oxford, who shall want, have begged, or shall seek Relief, and ought to be relieved by any of the said several Parishes for the time being; and upon any of such poor Person or Persons refusing, on such Examination, to come into the said House of Industry, and to accept and conform to the Provision and Rules of the said Corporation; then, by Order of any of the said Courts, or by such Ways and Means as the said Guardians in any Court shall judge most reasonable and proper, to remove and con- and removd in* vev, and cause to be removed and conveyed, every such poor Person so refusing, into the said House of10 the Houl<* Industry, to be there employed and maintained pursuant to the Powers hereby given: And also, that the said Guardians shall, and hereby have Power and Authority, by Order of any of their said Courts, or by such other Means as to them in any Court shall appear most proper, to apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, all Rogues, Beggars, Vagrants, or idle or disorderly Persons, coming, or being, or wandering, or begging within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, and not having any lawful Employment, or reasonable Means of getting his or her Livelihood: and to cause every such Person to be brought into, and to be set and kept at Work in the said House of Industry, or otherwise to be employed under the Direction a id for the Use of the said Corporation, and subject to such corporal or other runiftiment as the other and punWW

Poor therein are hereby made subject to for Misbehaviour or otherwise, according to the Government of fcr such Corporation; or to be kept to hard Labour and whipped in the Place of Correction belonging to the said Corporation, as the Law directs in the Case of Vagrants, as the said Guardians in any Court shall direct; and so to detain every such apprehended Person for any Time not less than thirty Days together, nor longer than one Year together, in the Judgment of the said Guardians, and then to be dilmifted at some outer Gate of the said City, as the Guardians shall direct; during all which Time, every Inch apprehended Person shall be reasonably maintained and provided for by the said Guardians, at the Costs of the said Corporation; and that all such Costs above the Profit to arile from each such Per foil’s Work and Labour, which shall be set against the same rateably, according to the Charge per Head of all the other Poor provided for by the said Corporation for the time being, shall be paid for by all the said several Pa-riftics in the said City.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all poor Children who at any Poor Children time shall be maintained by the said Guardians, shall be and remain under their Government till they ar- b* ho,n<i rive at the Age of fourteen Years; and that after such Children shall attain the A*e of fourteen Years Frrcnncc,» respectively, or sooner, if the said Guardians think fit, the said Guardians shall, and hereby have

Power, at any Monthly or Special Court, by Writing under their Common Seal, without Stamp, to bind and put forth any of such Children Apprentices to any reputable Person in England^ or to any two of the said Guardians, as Trustees, for the Benefit of, and to be employed under the said Corporation, to learn and to be employed in any Art, Trade, Mystery, or Occupation, or in any Handicraft Business or Manufacture, or in the Sea Service, as the Guardians, or any five or more of them, shall think most fit and proper; such Boy to be so bound for any Term not exceeding his Age of twenty-two Years, and such Girl for any Term not exceeding eighteen Years; and that every such Writing (where the Apprentice shall not be bound to such two Guardians) shall be mutually binding as an Indenture between the Master,

Mistress, and Apprentice; and the Apprentice shall gain, and be intitled to gain a Sertlemt nt; and if to a Freeman, be intitled to his F'reedom under the same, an 1 shall in all Reflects be enforced according to the Law:* in Force concerning the binding out of poor Children Apprentices, whole Parents are not able

Ha to

C. 14.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Po*cr to Aj^ircutice.

«:t ro Harvest Work, &u

fid pwniffied if t! ey do not re-titrn wth Ap»

£.11 cl, &c.

to provide for them; and that the said Guardians shall, and hereby have full Power to maintain and provide for every such Apprentice, and hereby have full Power and Property over any such Apprentice who shall be so bound to any such two Guardians as their lawful Apprentice, whose Work and Labour shall go and be to the Use of the said Corporation, and the Benefit of the said several Parishes; and in case he, she, or they shall desert, or not duly perform such Service and Apprenticeship, the said Guardians shall, and hereby have Power, by Warrant under the Seal of the said Corporation, to apprehend each such Apprentice in any City, County, or Place in Great Britain, where he, she, or they shall or may be found, and thereupon every such Apprentice shall be brought back to the said House of Industry, in order to fulfil the same Apprenticeship; and the said Guardians may, and hereby have full Power to confine and inflict such moderate Punishment on him, her, or them, for any such Misdemeanor, as the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, shall think most suitable to the Case; And the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, may, and hereby have Power to assign or turn over any such Apprentice, or wholly to release or discharge him or her from such Apprenticeship, by any Writing under their Common Seal, as they shall in any Court think fit to order and direct; and also that the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, shall, and hereby have Power to discharge out of the said House, or to hire out, either before, or as foor> as may be after such Age of fourteen Years, any of the said poor Children of the said several Parities or Places, to be Servants in Husbandry, Housewifery, or otherwise, for one whole Year at the least, for fuel* Poor maybe let Child's own Benefit; and also before such Age to hire out any of such poor Children, and also any of the other Poor withia the said House, to work and labour in the Time of Hay and Corn Harvest, or at any other Time for the Benefit of the said Corporation, with any Farmer, Tradesman, or Person, under such Payment by such Farmer, Tradesman, or Person, to such Corporation, and for such Term and Time as-the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, shall appoint; all of which poor Persons so hired out shall do and perform the Work and Labour to be contracted for by the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, to the best of each of their Power; and after the Expiration of such Contract, shall immediately return with his, h%r\ or their Apparel, with which he, she, or they so went out to work. Allowance beine made for the necessary Wear of such Apparel to the said House of Industry; or in Default thereof, shall and may be apprehended, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of two of the Justices of the said City, in any County or Place whatsoever, and conveyed back to the said House, there to be employed and provided for as aforesaid; and on every such Person being so apprehended and brought back, the said Guardians, of any five or more of them, may and hereby have Power to inflict such reasonable Punishment, and of such Sort, on each Person apprehended, as they at any Court shall direct and that in each and every Case or Occurrence whatsoever, wherein any of the Poor, under the Care and Management of the said Guardians, shall not work and labour, and obey and perform the Powers hereby given, and the Rules and Ordinances of the said Corporation, from tune to time, the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, shall, and Pnmttment far hereby have Authority, at any Court, to order such poor Person or Persons so misbehaving to be whipped in the House of Correction, and to do such Talk-work, or to infliCi such Confinement or other reasonable Punishment on him, her, or them so misbehaving, as any such Court shall think fit and reasonable.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Guardians shall cause all Contracts made for the Purchase or Hire of any House or Houses, or with or by the Artificers and Workmen or others employed or to be employed in or about the said House of Industry, and all Receipts, Payments, Debts, and Credits, and any Matter or Thing relating thereto, and all other their Proceedings concerning the flame,' to be fairly written and entered in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose.

XVIII. And, in order to raile a proper Fund to enable Guardians to carry into Execution the several *aiud by grant- Trusts hereby in them reposed, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be jpfc A/uitivucj. iawfu] to for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Treasurer or Treasurers so to be annually appointed as aforesaid, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of ten thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of every such Contributor respectively, oir the natural Lite of such other Person as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such respective Contributor, at the Time of Payment of his or her respective Contribution Money; which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Kate of nine Pounds per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum, to be advanced and paid as aforesaid; and shall be payable and paid by the said Treasurer or Treasurers as herein after directed, in the said Council Chamber, or in such Place in the said City as he or they shall for that Purpose appoint, by four equal quarterly Payments in the Year the first of such Payments to begin and be made to the respective Purchasers, and their Assigns, at the Expiration of the first three Calendar Months next after Payment of his or her respective Purchase Money which Annuities shall be publickly sold by the said Guardians of the said Poor, in the said Council Chamber, or some other public Place, to the best Bidder for the same, on twenty-one Days Notice thereof bein£ first given in the London Gazette^ or other public Newspaper, and a like Notice affixed upon the Town Hall, and such other public Places as shall be thought proper, signifying such Intention.

TWur?r t*-p»7 XIX. And, for the better ascertaining and regulating the Payment of the said Annuities, be it further tfce Arcmitiet. enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Guardians, or any nine or more of them, shall, by Warrants under their Hands and Seals (directed to such Person or Persons as shall be cholen and appointed Treasurer and Treasurers, in Manner herein before mentioned) order and dUect, from time to time, the several quartoly Payments of the said Annuities to the respective Proprietors, ae the same shall become due; which said Treasurer or Treaforeis is and are hereby required, upon Receipt of such Warrant or War-farm, forthwith to pay the fimae out of the first Monies which shall be in his or their Hands, in pursuance of

Mifcchtvioun.

Contract to be ntered im 1‘ook.t.

Money to he

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

53

A.D. 1771.

C. 14.

of this Aand arising by the respective Rates on the several Parishes; which Warrants shall be allowed in account to him or them, on making up his or their Accounts with the Guardians, as herein after mentioned.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided by the Annuitant* said Guardians, and kept in the House of Industry, or in such Place in the said City as they the said Guar- Naes t°bc cn~ dians, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, a Book or Books, in which shall be fairly written, interc m 00 Words at length, the Names and Surnames, with the proper Additions and Places of Abode, of all such Persons who shall be Purchasers of any of the Annuities aforesaid; and of all Persons by whose Hands the said Purchasers shall pay in any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act; and also the Sun] and Sums so paid for the Purchase of such Annuity or Annuities, and the respective Days of Payment thereof; and also an Account of the Interest: that shall be paid to the said Annuitant or Annuitants, from time to rime, and by whom received; to which Book and Books it shall be lawful for che said respective Purchasers, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Agent or Agents, and to and for any Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay any Assessments to be made by viftue of this Act, from time to time, and at all seasonable Times, to have Recourse to, and insped the same, without Fee or Reward.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuities so to be Annuities ch*t-

purchased under and by virtue of this Act, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and uP°a die

payable, from time to time, out of the Monies arising by the respective Rates on the several Parishes made Rttcs#

by virtue of this Act; and all and every the Contributor and Contributors upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase Money for any such Annuities as aforesaid, or such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their respective Assigns, shall have, receive, and ©njoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this Act, to have, receive, and enjoy the said respective Annuity or Annuities, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to be nominated by each such Purchaser or Contributor as above mentioned; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Assigns respectively, shall have good, sure, absolute, indefeasible personal Estates and Interests in the Annuities so by them respectively purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said Annuities shall be subject and liable to the Tax charged upon Lands by Authority of Parliament, cr to any other Parliamentary or Parochial Tax whatsoever.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor upon this Act, for Contributor? in the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of £aT^cc^j?t# the Consideration or Purchase Money for the same, or any Part or Proportion thereof, shall have one ort0Tt r ncjr* more Receipt or Receipts from the Person or Persons receiving the same, importing the Receipt of so much

Purchase Money as shall be fopaid; and upon Payment of the Remainder of such rurchase Money, if anyr every such Contributor, his or her Assigns respectively, shall have an Order on Parchment or Vellum for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and during the Life of such Person as shall be nominated by such Contributor or Purchaser as aforesaid; which Order shall be signed by the Guardians, or any nine or more of them, at any Meeting affirm bled, such nine being a major Part of them afletnbled at such Meeting; and after signing thereof, the same shall be firm, good, valid, and eifedual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That rt shall and may be lawful to and for Annuitiei m«y any Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, and their Exe-

cutors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any time or times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, without any Stamp thereon, to assign such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so toties auoties; and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Alignments, and of the tespective Days the same were brought to be so entered, shall be made in a*

Book, which is hereby required to be kept for that Purpose, at the Charge of the said Guardians, in the House of Industry, or in the Council Chamber belonging to the said City, or in such Room or Place as shall be appointed in the said City for that Purpose; which Entry or Memorandum shall be madt gratis%. and may, at all seasonable Times, be inspected by any Person or Persons interested therein.

XXIV. Provided always, That no such Assignment shall be deemed good and effectual, until such Me- Proviso* morandum or Entry shall be made in the said Book, in Manner aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Churchwardens and Overseers Former Poor of the Poor of the said several Parishes herein before mentioned, or any of them for the time being, from Kate* to be dif* and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, shall not by virtuecwnuaucd*

of any Law now in being make, save as hereafter mentioned, and they and every of them are hereby disabled to make, or cause to be made, any other Rate, Assessment, or Taxation whatsoever; or to rate, collect, or gather any other Sum or Sums of Money, within any of the said several Parishes, or from the Inhabitants thereof, or otherwise, for the Relief, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor of, within, and belonging to the said several Parishes, other than such Rates or Taxation, for the clothing, maintaining, employing, and otherwise providing for the Poor of and belonging to the said several Parishes, as shall and may, from time to time, be ordered and directed to be rated and raised by the said Corporation, pursuant to the Powers herein given, and for the Purposes herein expressed, save and except all such Rates as ex* or Sums of Money which the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or any of them, now are or flull, by cepttJ, any speciul Law, be obliged and directed to pay, and to raise by Taxation, for the Relief and Provision of the Families of any Militia Men, or for any other particular Purposes arising within and falling to the Part of each such Panin, and particularly directed by other Acts of Parliament: And that none of the said Churchwardens or Overseers of the said several Parishc3 for the time being shall pay, expend, or apply any Money to be rated* collected, and raised in the find several Paxilhca by them, or any of them, pursuant to

any

5+ c- *4-

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Collectors to keep separate Accounts of Money expended.

any of the Powers hereby given to or for the Relief of any of the Poor of or in any of the said several Pa-rffhes, or to or for any other Use or Purpose, or to any Person or Persons, other than such as is and axe herein after appointed, or shall be directed, pursuant to the Powers herein contained, save and except so much and such Part of any such Money to be so cohered, and when remaining in the Hands of the Person impowered and having collected the same, as any five of the said Guardians, not being Churchwarden or Overseer for the time being, by Writing under their Hands, intervening the Time of holding any of PoorPeifons not the said CouVts: And, in case of Necessity, or so much of such Monies as any of the said Courts, which capable of being the y are hereby severally impowered to do, shall order to be paid by any such collecting Churchwarden or jemoved into the Overseer, or other collecting Officer for the time being, to be impowered, by virtue of this Act, in and

d!/ to'bc re- ^or anc* Support of any Person not able to support him or herself, and incapable of being moved

lieved! ° C into the f House of Industry, who by Accident, Sickness, or otherwise, shall fall, and be casually in Want in any such Parish, or for the Burial of any poor Person dying the rein, or in the removing of any Pauper to his or her Place of Settlement, or in trying the Right of any Pauper’s Settlement, or for any other such urgent and necessitous Case: And in the Cases of all such directed Payments, the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the said several Parishes, or other Person collecting and paying the same, shall keep a separate Account of all the Money to be by them respectively expended and laid out for any the aforesaid excepted and special Purposes; and shall, from time to time, deduct the same out of the Money they shall be respectively required to rate, collect, and raise in each Parish, under the Directions of this Act; and upon his or their paying the Overplus of the Money so directed to be raised, to the Treasurer, or such other Person for the Use of the said Corporation, as is herein after directed and appointed, he or they shall at the same time deliver in to such Treasurer, or other Person, a fair Copy of every Rate

to be so made, and of all the Money to be so collected, and of all Payments for any of the said excepted

or special Purposes, at the Time herein appointed for the Return of every such Rate and Payment of all Money to be collected by virtue of the Powers hereby given; to the Intent that every such Churchwarden or Overseer, or other such collecting Officer of every such Rate, shall, on every such Payment, balance his Accounts and Collections, and have no further Account open or depending with the said Corporation, or relative to the Poor under their Care.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of all and every the Goods, Cattle, Chattels, Furniture, Provisions, Clothes, Linen, and Wearing Apparel, Tools, Uten-fils, and Materials whatsoever, to be fropi time to time had, bought, used, procured, and in the Possession, Use, and Employ of the said Corporation, for the time being; and also all Debts due to the Corporation for the Poors Work, or otherwise, shall be and are hereby absolutely vested in the said Guardians, for the Use of the said Corporation, who are hereby authorised and impowered, by their said Name of Incorporation, to bring Actions for the Recovery thereof, and also to make any Accusation before any Justice of the Peace, who shall thereupon cause any such Person accused to be apprehended as a Felon; and also to prosecute Indi&ments, as in the Case of, and which is hereby declared to be Felony, against any Person or Persons, and also against any of the said Poor provided for and under the Care of the said Guardians, who shall steal, take, carry away, fell, imbezzle, pawn, pledge, or wilfully destroy or spoil any such the aforesaid Goods, Cattle, Chattels, Furniture, Provisions, Clothes, Linen, Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utcn-fils, and Materials whatsoever: And as to any of the said Poor who shall be found guilty of any such Offences in the Judgment of the said Guardians, in any of their said Courts, it shall be lawful for the said Guardians then and there to order such Confinement and corporal Punishment of any such Offender, in the House of Correction, instead of any Prosecution for Felony as aforesaid, as they shall think proper: And in case he or she shall have absconded, by Warrant under the Seal of the said Corporation, to cause such Person to be apprehended in any City, County, or Place, and to be conveyed to such House of Industry, there to be confined and punished, as aforesaid: And in case any Person or Persons shall knowingly buy or 5 h an^ the receive, or cause to be bought or received, or shall otherwise take into his, her, or their Custody or Power, Goods° 1 C any °* l^e aforesaid Goods, Cattle, Chattels, Furniture, Provisions, Clothes, Linen, Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utensils, and Materials whatsoever before named, from or by Means or Contrivance of any of the Poor under the Care and Management of the said Guardians, or from any other Person or Persons, without the Privity and Consent of the said Guardians in some of their said Courts; and in case any Person or Persons shall knowingly receive, entertain, keep, or conceal any of the said Poor under the Care of the said Guardians, who shall have absconded, eloped, or deserted from the said House of Industry, without the Privity and Consent of the said Guardians, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, on his or her own Confession in Writing, or upon the Oath of any one Wit nets, or upon the Oath of any such poor Person having so fold, pawned, or delivered any of such Goods, Cattle, Chattels, Apparel, or Materials aforesaid, or having so eloped as aforesaid, before any one Justice of the Peace of the said City, or of the Place where the Offender shall dwell, which Oath any such Justice hath hereby Power to administer, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds, over and besides the Value of the Goods, Cattle, Chattels, Apparel, or Materials so bought, received, or taken into hi*, her, or their Custody, to be estimated at the Price the same wfere originally bought when new, for the Use of the said Corporation; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the proper Goods, Cattle, and Chattels of every such Offender or Offenders, together with the Charges of such Difftefs and Sale, by Warrant for that Purpose to be forthwith granted under the Hand and Seal of such Justice before whom any such Corviction shall be; and for want of such sufficient Distress, it shall be lawful for the same or any other Justice having Jurisdiction, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to apprehend any such Offender or Offenders, and to commit him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol of the City 01 County where such Person shall be apprehended, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until

Payment

Furniturt, See, vested in the Corporation.

Persons embez-xling to be pu-mihed.

Receiver to for-

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 14. 55

Payment of each such Penalty, with the Charges of Recovery thereof, and of the Pursuit and Commitment of such Offender, to be fixed and ascertained by such Justice, or until such Person shall have compounded for the same, and paid such Composition; which Composition the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make; and each or any of such Convictions, and also all and every other Convictions for any Penalties whatsoever, in pursuance of this Act, and relating to the said Corporation in any wise, shall be drawn up in the following Manner, or in Words to the same Efft£t, and shall not be quashed or vacated, or any Advantage taken thereof, for want of Form.

City [#r] County 7 ITE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Form of Con-

3 il Year of his Majesty's Reign, is [or are] convicted before viction.

in the Sum of for

[specifying the Offence and Fatts as the Case shall be].

Given under Hand and Seal [or Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid."

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Guardians, or any five or Guardians to more of them, shall, and hereby have Power and Authority, in any of their said Courts or Assemblies, to appoint Maf-nominate, appoint, and employ, from time to time, such Person and Persons as they shall think proper, £rs» iVIalron5> to be and officiate as Clerk, Assistant, Master, Matron, Beadle, or Porter, or in any other Office or Place *c* which shall be thought needful by the said Guardians, and, from time to time, to remove and displace such Person or Persons as they shall find Cause; and upon the Death or Removal of them, or any of them, to chuse others in their Place, and to make, pay, and allow out of the Stock of the said Corporation, and the Rates to be raised as herein after mentioned, such reasonable Salary or Allowance to any such Clerk, or other Officer or Person, as the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, shall think fit.

XXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Treasurer and Treasurers of the said Corporation Treafmrr to for the time being, before he or they shall respectively act in such Office or Place, shall give Bond, in a *"c Security, sufficient Penalty, with Sureties, duly to pay and account with the said Corporation, and to act in any and account, such Office according to the Tenor of the Trust, pursuant to this Act; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, and also the Clerk, and every other Officer or Person who shall belong to the said Corporation or House of industry, shall, from time to time, account before such Person or Persons, or before the said Auditor or Auditors, as the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, shall for such Purposes appoint, for all such Sums of Money, Stock, Goods, and other Things whatsoever, belonging to the said Corporation, or the said House of industry, which shall come to their respective Hands, or be under their respective Care, upon every reasonable Warning or Notice thereof, not being less than three Days exclusive, to be to them respectively given, or left at his or their Place of Abode, by the Order of the said Guardians, or any five or more of them; and in case any such Treasurer, or other Officer or Person,

shall neglect or refuse to account as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for anyone Justice of the Peace in and for the said City of Oxford\ on Proof thereof made to him on the Oath of any one Person, under the Direction of the said Corporation, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause any such Treasurer, or other Officer or Person, to be apprehended in the said City, and to commit him or them to the Common Gaol of the said City, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall conform and account as before directed: And if any such Treasurer, or other Officer or Person to neglecting or refusing to account, shall go or be out of the Jurisdiction of the said City, so that such the aforesaid Warrant against him cannot be executed, it shall be lawful for any one Justice, in any other County or Place where it shall be fufjK*dled such Treasurer or other Officer shall be, to indorse his Name on any such Warrant, which'

(lull be full Power to any Constable, or other Person having such Warrant, to execute the f.ime in any such County or Place, of which such Justice so indorsing the same hath Jurisdiction; to the Intent, that from and after any such Offender shall be taken, he shall be conveyed before any one Justice of the said City of Oxford\ to be by him committed for such Offence as aforesaid: And if upon any Account made with the said Corporation by any Treasurer, or other Officer or Person, there shall appear and be any Money, G»*>ds or other Effects, in his or their Hands, due and belonging to the said Corporation, he and they shall pay and deliver over the same to such Person or Persons, and at such Time, aS'the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, shall direct, or shall give such Security for the same as the said Guardian, or any five or more of them, shall approve of; and in Default of such Payment, or giving such Security, according to such Direction or Approbation, every such Treasurer, or other Officer or Person,

shall immediately thereupon forfeit and pay to the said Guardians double the Value of such Money, Goods, or other Effects, so being in his or their Hands; to be recovered by the said Guardians by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, in which no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or moic than one Imparlance, shall be allowed: And in the Case of every such Forfeiture, upon Affidavit made thereof by any Person on Behalf of the said Guardians, it shall be lawful for the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, by virtue of some proper Writ or Plaint out of any such

Court of Record in Great Britain, to arrest any such Treasurer, or oilier Officer or Person so offending, in order to hold him or them to Bail in the said Action, for the Recovery of any such Penalty.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Ac\, or-.-my CuaHum not to Thing here’n contained, shall not in any wise extend to give the said Guardians any Power or Authority have l»o*er xti over any Alms-house or Hospital, or any other charitable Building, or other special Donation whatsoever, p.arUcular within the said City, already or hereafter to be given, settled, or erected, nor to give any Power or Au- nnn'

thority

56 C. 14. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

thority over any of the Poor dwelling the rein, or having the Benefit of any such private Donations or Charities for the time being j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Sams necessary 4

XXX. And whereas the keeping separate Accounts of the Poor, and apportioning the Sums necessary for the Main- for their Support and Employment in each respective Parish, would be attended with great Trouble and Pwr^how^b Perplexity \ an<* that incorporating the said Poor of the several and respective Parishes herein before men-p^ortioaed!° C< tioned into one Family would remedy the said Inconvenienciesi* Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, or as soon after as a Housecan be provided for the Reception of the said Poor, the several and respective Sums necessary to be raised for their Maintenance, Relief, and Employment, shall be raised by a regular Pound Rate, to be assessed without Distinction throughout each of such respective Parishes within the City of Oxford: And that the said Guardians, or any thirteen or more of them, shall, and hereby have Power, at any of their Monthly or other Special Courts or Assemblies, to be for ever afterwards held from time to time as there shall be Occasion, and as they shall think proper, to set down and ascertain what Sum or Sums of Money shall be needful to be raised by such regular and equal Pound Rate as aforesaid, for the maintaining and employing the Poor, and for other the Uses of the said Corporation, pursuant to the Design of this Act; And the Guardians, or any thirteen or more of them, shall and hereby have Power and Authority, at every or any such Monthly or Special Courts or Assemblies, as aforesaid, to issue, and, as soon as may be, to send out and to direct their Precept and Certificate, under their Common Seal, to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of each of the said several Parishes for the time being, expressing the Money so fixed and ascertained by each such Court to be raised as aforesaid; and thereby requiring the said Churchwardens and Overseera of each such Parish, or any one or more of them, to rate and assess, as soon as may be, and within thirty Days exclusive from the Date thereof, to collect and receive, and to cause the same respective Sums to foe raised and levied by Taxation, equally and in proportion, as near as may be, of and upon the several Householders and Inhabitants, and every Occupier in respect of and for, end of and upon all Lands, Houses^ Tithes, Stocks, and Estates real and personal, in the said several Pa-rithes, which by any Law now in Force are rateable and liable to pay to, and for the setting on Work and Relief of the Poor, according to the respective Worth and Values of all such Estates: And that every such Churchwarden and Overseer to whom any such Precept and Certificate shall be so directed, shall obey the same in all respects; and is and are hereby required, and shall and hereby have and hath full Power and Authority, in pursuance thereof, to make every such Rate as soon as may be, not exceeding six Days inclusive from the Receipt of every such Precept, and to collect and receive, and cause to be raised and levied within the Time aforesaid, by such Taxation as aforesaid, and by virtue of the Powers hereby given, every such Sum and Sums of Money, to be so set down and directed in and by every such Precept and Certificate; and on the Sunday next after nis or their Receipt thereof, shall cause Notice to be given, immediately after divine Service, in the Parish Church of each such Parish, declaring the Sum intended to be raised; and immediately after he or they shall have so made every such Rate, the same shall be fairly entered and set down by him or them so making and levying the same, in a Book to be kept and provided by and on the Behalf of each such Parish, and shall be subscribed by each such Churchwardens and Overseers, and by him or them brought, as soon as may be, to any two Justices of the Peace in and for the said City, w ho shall and are hereby impowered and required, at such Time, to subscribe and sign his or their Allowance of such Rate, taking only one Shilling for each such Allowance: And in case of Non-payment of each and every such Rate by the Person taxed and rated, or by the Occupier of the Premises so taxed, whether the Party shall be rated by Name or as the Occupier, or the Premises so occupied shall be only rated, the same Rate being first lawfully demanded from the Party occupying the Premises in Person, or by Notice left at the Premises by anyone of such Churchwardens or Overseers, or other Person appointed by them, or any of them, it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace in and for the said City, and on the respective Neglect or Refusal of any fix of such Justices, then for any two Guardians of the said Corporation repre-fentingany other Parish, and not being Justices, upon Proof of such Nonpayment, after Demand, determined by the Oath of any one such Churchwarden and Overseer, or other Person directed by him or them to make such Demand, or to give such Notice, within two Days exclusive after such Demand, but not sooner, to issue his or their Warrant, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, and who are hereby severally fequired to issue the same accordingly, and thereby to authorise and impower the said Churchwardens and Overseers of such Parish, or any of them, or any other Person to be named therein, to levy and raise, as soon as may be, such Money so in Arrear and unpaid, together with the Cods attending the same, to be ascertained by the Person or Persons so granting such Warrant, by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Cattle, and Chattels of every such Person or Persons so in Arrear, or not having paid any such Rate as aforesaid, restoring the Overplus of any such Distress and Sale to the Party so distrained, or leaving the same at his. If no Distiefs her, or their Place of Abode: And in case no such sufficient Distress can be found, then any such one Juf-cin Ire had, Of- tice, or after the Neglect or Refusal of so many of them as aforesaid, any such two Guardians as aforesaid lenders to be shall, and hereby have like Power, and are hereby required to issue such his or their Warrant to apprehend committed, ancj to commit any such Person so not paying, and offending as aforesaid, to the common Gaol of the said City, thereto remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such Kate or Rates, and all Costs and Charges attending such Proceedings as aforesaid, to be fixed by the Person or Persons granting such Warrant, shall be paid or compounded for; which Composition the said Guardians, or any thirteen or more of them, are hereby impowered to make: And the said Churchwardens and Overseers of each of the said several Parishes who shall be so required, and shall collect and gather any such Rates as aforesaid, shall and are hereby ordered, from time to time, to pay the whole Money to be so by them respectively rited, collected, and received, when and so often as they shall receive the same, if the said Guardians shall in any Monthly

---

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 14. 57

or Special Court so direct but for Want of such Direction, then within three Days exclusive after the Expiration of the said thirty Days, to be named in every such Precept and Certificate at the Return thereof as aforesaid, to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Corporation, or to some Other Person or Persons, to be from time to time appointed by the said Guardians, or any thirteen or more of them, to receive the same for the Use of the said Corporation, and to the Account of every such separate Parish from whence each such Rate shall be raised; and shall, and is and are hereby required, at the Time of making every such Payment of such Money so collected, to deliver over to the Person or Persons so impowered to receive the same, a true and exact Copy or Duplicate of each such Assessment, founding every such Payment, with ail Account underwrote, of any Money therein rated and unavoidably lost through the Insolvency of the Party, or otherwise, through his or her Defect; and of any Money such Churchwardens or Overseers may have expended out of that Rate, by Order of the said Guardians or otherwise, as is herein before mentioned and excepted as to casual Purposes:

[Penalty on Churchwardens, &c. neglecting their duty.]

And in case any such Churchwardens or Overseers, to whom any such Precept and Certificate, under Seal of the said Corporation, shall be directed as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to receive and obey every such Precept, and to make every such Rate, or to collect the Money thereby required to be raised by such Taxation, and in all Respects before mentioned to enforce the raising thereof, and afterwards to pay over such Money when collected, and to deliver over such Copy of every such Assessment, within, at such Times, and with such Account underwrote, as is and are herein mentioned and directed; every such Churchwarden and Overseer so offending in any of the Matters aforesaid, in the Judgement of the said Guardians, in any of their said Weekly, Monthly, or Special Courts, shall forfeit and pay for each such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds, for the Use of the said Corporation; and for Want of such Payment on Demand made by Order of any such Court, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, in Manner herein before mentioned, as to the Recovery of pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures : And in case any such Churchwardens or Overseers shall, after his or their collecting any such Rates, or any Part thereof, become insolvent, or otherwise unable to pay over any such Money so by him collected, or shall die insolvent in the judgement of the said Corporation assembled in any Monthly or Special Court; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation in any such of their said Courts, after such Neglect or Refusal, or after such Insolvency or Inability, by the like Precept under their common Seal, to appoint any other or others of the Churchwardens or Overseers, or any two substantial Householders in any such Parish, to rate, collect, and receive, and cause to be raised and levied, such Sum or Sums of Money, so required to be raised by each such Parish in any such former Precept, so being neglected or refused to be obeyed by any such the Churchwardens or Overseers of the same Parish, or so much thereof as any of such Churchwardens or Overseers (shall have collected, and afterwards become unable to pay over by the Means aforesaid, and shall not have paid over the same to the said Treasurer or other Person, for the Use of the said Corporation, in like Manner, and with the same Effect, and with the same Power for the Recovery of every Rate or Taxation, to be made in pursuance thereof; and which Precept such Householders shall, and hereby are Severally required to obey, and to execute and fulfil the Purport and Effect thereof, in all such Cases as fully and effectually in all Respects, and shall be subject to the like Penalty for Disobedience in any Part, with such Remedy for Recovery thereof as is and are hereby before given and directed, in case such Precept had been originally issued to, and executed by, or refused to be obeyed and executed in the whole or in Part by any such the Churchwardens or Overseers of any of the said several Parishes: And so in case any such other Churchwardens or Overseers, or such two Householders in any such Parishes, shall also neglect or refuse to obey any such further Precept, and to make such Rate, and to collect and raise such Money as shall be thereby required, or shall after his or their collecting the same, or any Part thereof, become insolvent, or otherwise unable to pay over any such Money so by him collected, in the Judgement of the said Corporation, then and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Corporation, at any such like Court, to appoint any two Guardians from among themselves, or any two other Persons (not so before appointed) by another such like Precept, under their common Seal, to make and collect such Rate, and to raise and levy such Money, or so much thereof as shall be so wanting to be raised by and out of any such Parish, in such Manner, and with such Powers as is and are before mentioned, had such Precept been originally executed in all Respects by any the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the same Parish, having been first so appointed as aforesaid, and subject to the like Penalty for Disobedience, or defective Execution thereof, by such Guardians, or either of them, in every Instance, as is before appointed, as to every first or original Precept.

[Persons embezzling Money collected.]

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Persons who shall be so appointed to rate, raise, and collect, any of the said Sums of Money directed by the said Guardians to be raised in and by any of the said Parishes as aforesaid, shall, after he, they, or any of them shall have so collected and received all or any of such Monies, embezzle or expend the same; or shall refuse or neglect to pay over the same Money, and to account to the said Treasurer of the said Corporation, or to such other Person as is herein, or as the said Corporation shall direct as aforesaid; it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the said City, on Complaint thereof to him made by the said Guardians, by any Order of any subsequent Court, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, and who is hereby required to grant the same, to cause such Money to be forthwith levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Person or Persons, with the Costs of such Distress and Sale, to be allowed of by such Justices: And in case no such sufficient Distress can be bad and made, then, by such like Warrant, to cause such Person or Persons to offending, to be apprehended, and to commit him or them to the Common Gaol of the said City; these to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall pay all such Money and Charges, and shall account and conform according to the Edict of such Precept, for making any such Rate, and according to the Tenor of this Act, or have compounded for such Money; which Composition

58 C. 14. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

---

the said Guardians, or any nine or more of them, are hereby impowered to make: And in case any such Person shall abscond and depart from the said City with or without making such Payments of any Money so by him collected, or shall compound for the same in manner aforesaid, or shall so secrete himself as to avoid being apprehended and committed as aforesaid; it shall be lawful for the said Corporation, although the same may have been collected again, or made up by Means of any subsequent or intervening Rate in any such Parish, by the Order and to the Use of the said Corporation, in either or any such Case, to sue for, and to recover the same Money so collected, and every Part thereof, against each and every such Person, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, without Limitation of Time; wherein no Essoin, or Wager of Law, or any Imparlance shall be allowed:

[Damages and Costs.]

And upon a Verdict for the said Corporation, they shall recover treble the Amount of the Money so collected, and Treble Costs of Suit, and have such Remedy for the same as any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs hath or have in any other Cases by Law: And which Money and Costs, after deducing all other Costs expended by the said Guardians in or by reason of any such Suit, when received by them, shall be placed to the Credit and to the Account of the particular Parish, from whence and in respect whereof such Money so recovered had been originally collected;

[Persons paying the Money to be competent Witnesses.]

and in order to charge every such Person with the Receipt of such Money to be so by him collected as aforesaid, the several and respective Persons paying any such Money, or any Part thereof, shall, and are hereby declared to be good and competent Witnesses to prove any of such Payment by him, her, or them.

[On Death of Collector, Survivor to proceed.]

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thatin case any Person to whom any such Precept to make and collect any such Rates within any such Parish, for the Use of, and under the Seal of the said Corporation as aforesaid, shall happen to die before all or any Part of such Money to be so rated shall be collected by him, the Whole, or so much thereof as shall remain uncollected by the Person so dying, shall be collected and levied by the surviving Person or Persons to whom each such Warrant or Precept shall from time to time be directed; and be or they shall afterwards execute the same in all Respects herein directed; and all such Money as shall or may, at the Death of any such Person, have been collected and received by him under any such Rate, and remaining in his Hands, shall within ten Days after such his Decease,

[Personal Representatives liable to pay Monies collected by their Testator Intestate.]

be paid by his legal Representative or Representatives, or Person. possessing his late Estate and Effects, to the surviving Person or Persons, or any of them to whom the particular Precept, by virtue whereof such Money had been received, was so directed, who shall be answerable to Pay over the same to Treasurer, or other Person hereby impowered to receive the same, for the Use the same Corporation, under the like Penalty for Disobedience, and subject to the like Remedies against him or them for Recovery thereof by the said Guardians, as if he or they bad originally collected any such Money: And in case any such Representative or Representatives of any such deceased Person, or the Person possessing his late Estate and Estate as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse, upon the Demand of such surviving Collector, or of any other Person to be directed by the said Guardians to pay over to such surviving; Collector, or to any other Person whom the said Guardians shall appoint, all the Money having been so collected by, and remaining in the Hands of any such deceased Person at his Death, it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the said City, upon Complaint to him thereof made by Order of the said Corporation, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy all such Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels, late of the Person so deceased, with the Costs of such Distress and Sale: And for Want of such Distress, it shall be lawful for the said Guardians to sue for and recover any of such Money, although the Deficiency thereof may have been again raised and collected by such Parish by Order of the said Guardians, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, against the Heir at Law, or personal Representative of the Person or Officer being dead; whose real and personal Effects are hereby made severally liable and subject thereto: And upon a Verdict for the said Guardians, they shall, recover Treble Costs of Suit, and have such Remedy for the same, as any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs hath or have in any other Cases by Law; and which Money and Costs. after deducting thereout all the other Costs. expended in such Suit by the said Guardians, when received, shall be placed to the Credit and Account of the Parish, from which such Money, so recovered, had been originally rated and collected: And any Person or Persons having paid any Part of such Rates or Money so having been collected by any such deceased Person before his Death, shall, and are hereby declared to be good, and competent Witnesses to prove any of such Payments by him, her, or them.

[Persons whose Houses are lett into Lodgings to be rated.]

XXXIII. And whereas there may be some Houses in the said City, which are lett out in separate Apartments, and others lett ready furnished to Lodgers; Be it therefore further enacted, That every Person, whether Landlord or Tenant, who letts out his or her House in separate Apartments, or ready furnished, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed the Occupier thereof, and may be rated or assessed accordingly; and shall be liable and subject to the Payment of the Sum so rated or assessed.

[Goods of Lodger liable to the Rate.]

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Goods and Chattels of every Person renting or occupying any separate Apartment in any such Houses, or renting or occupying any ready-furnished House shall be liable to be distrained and sold, for the Payment of the Rate or Assessment; and that each and every Person who shall pay such Rate or Assessment, so charged on his or her respective Landlord or Landlords or upon whose Goods and Chattels the same shall be levied in pursuance of this Act, shall and may deduct the same from and out of the next Rent due and payable to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, so letting the same; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Landlord or Landlords, for so much Money as he or she shall have so paid or as shall have been so levied on his or her Goods and Chattels, in pursuance of this Act.

[For mortgaging the Rates,]

XXXV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Guardians, or any nine or more of them at any of their public Meetings, tomorrow and take

---

Anno undecimo Georgii III. 59

A.D. 1771.

C. 14.

at Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money, which they shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act,

and by Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to assign over the Rates and Assessments to be

made by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Proportions thereof, to the Persons lending the same, for securing the Repayment of any such Sum and Sums of Money, and Interest thereupon; and in Default of the Mwner of rec®-

Payment of such Interest, at the Expiration of every six Calendar Months, if the same shall be demanded j vering Principal

or upon Default of the Payment of such principal Money within twelve Calendar Months after Notice *ndInlereft#

shall be given, demanding Payment thereof, to the said Guardians, or any nine or more of them, at some

or one of their public Meetings, by the Person or Persons respectively intitled to the same, such Person and Persons shall have the same Powers, Rights, and Privileges for the Recovery thereof, as the Annu- I0 t®be

it ants are by this Act inverted with for Recovery of their respective Annuities; but no more principal Mo- niied by An-

nry shall be borrowed upon the Credit of this Act, either by Annuities or Alignments of the Rates or nu fie*and

Assessments as aforesaid, than the Sum of ten thousand Pounds. Mortgage of

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That such Sum and Sums of Annull n

Money as shall be raised by Annuities in Manner herein mentioned, and applied to the Discharge of the thexeJf?

Money so borrowed upon the Credit of the said Rates and Assessments, and the Interest for the same, shall not be deemed or taken to be any Part of the said ten thousand Pounds.

XXXVII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person PersonJ

or Persons shall apprehend him, her, or themselves, to be unequally taxed, charged, or rated, by any Rate grieved by th» or Assessment made within any of the said several Parishes, pursuant to the Powers hereby given, the R*te*m«y Churchwardens or Overseers, or other Person or Persons appointed to make and collect any such Rate for appeal* the time being, shall, and is and are hereby required, upon the Request of any Person or Persons apprehending him, her, or themselves, to be so aggrieved, to produce and shew to him, her, or them, any such Precept directing any such Rate, and any such Rate or Assessment made in pursuance thereof, and shall permit him, her, or them, to inspect or take any Copy or Extract thereof: And it shall be lawful for any such Person or Persons, within ten Days after the Date of every such Precept for making of such Rate, or within three Days exclusive after such Rate made on any such Person or Persons, shall be demanded to be paid, to make Complaint to any two Justices of the Peace of the said City, who shall and are hereby required to issue their Summons thereupon to the Churchwardens and Overseers, or other Person or Persons having made, or being appointed to make, any Tuch Rate, requiring them, and every of them, within five Days next afterwards exclusive, at some Hour of the Day, and Place to be therein named, to appear before any three Justices of the Peace of the said City, whereof the Mayor or the Recorder of the said City for the time being to be one, and any two or more of the said Guardians to be joined with them, not being Guardians for or in respect of the same Parish, and then and there to produce the Precept for making every such Rate, with the Rate and Assessment made in pursuance thereof; at which Time and Place such three Justices, and any two of such Guardians, not being justices, who shall be appointed by the Majority of Guar* dians then present, if more than two, not being Justices, or any three of them, shall and hereby have full Power to hear each Complaint, and to examine all Parties and their Evidence thereon upon Oath, by way of and as the Appeal of the Parties so complaining; and shall then and there make such final Order in the Premises, as shall be binding to the Appellant, and all Parties rated or liable to be rated in any such Assessment; and to all other Persons as to them, or any three of them, shall appear just and reasonable.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all and BorJtsoftli*

every the Books, Papers, and Accounts whatsoever, of and belonging to the said Corporation, shall, at any t#

of their said Courts, upon reasonable Notice being first given, be produced to and inspected, during such bc in peacd'

Time, by any Inhabitant or other Person, being rated to, or paying, in respect to his, her, or their Estate,

in any of the said Parishes in the said City, to the Relief of the Poor thereof, Wyho shall then and there be ?t Liberty, and have Power to protest and declare his, her, or their Objection or Observations to or upon any particular Charges, Rates, Matters, or Proceedings whatsoever, which shall then be heard and taken into Consideration by such Court; and in case the same Court cannot settle and end such Grievance to the Satisfaction of the Party or Parties so making the same Objection, such his, her, or their Objection shall be adjourned over to, and heard at the next following Monthly or Special Court of the said Corporation, when such Order to be made therein by such Court shall he final.

XXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all Gifts, Donations, Bene- Charitingfret factions, and Sums of Money whatsoever, now payable, or which shall hereafter become payable for and tobejp. to the Use of the Poor of, and belonging to any of the said several Parishes, not being directed or liable toPlieH’ not be applied for the Support of any private or particular Poor or Charity, or by the Donation particularly appropriated, not bein^ sacramental Money, shall, from time to time, from and after the holding of thep‘°p

first Court of the said Corporation under the Powers aforesaid, be had and received by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of each such Parish, or one of them, or by some Person to be appointed by the said Corporation, on the Default of such Churchwardens and Overseers, at the usual and proper Times of Payment; and shall as soon afterwards as may, from time to time, be paid over by him or them to the Treader, or other Person to be appointed by the said Guardians, or any five or more of them, for the Use of the said Corporation, an 1 'o the Credit and Account of all the said Parishes: And in case any such Churchwar*ni Churchwarden or Overseer shall refuse or neglect to receive in any of such Money, and pay over the same n,ot Pa*,n* 0Tef as aforesaid, within ten Days after Demand made thereof by Order of the said Guardians to each such Churchwarden and Overseer; every such Churchwarden and Overseer so neglecting or refusing, and notcre.Ung^ol/nw shewing reasonable cause for the same to the next following Court, shall severally forfeit and pay, to the under 51.

Uleof the said Corporation, any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor under five Pounds, as the said Guar-duns, at any following Court, shall order and appoint.

60 C. 14. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Charities to be

XL. And it is hereby further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all Gifts, Grants, and other applied according charitable Benefactions whatsoever, to, or to the Use of the said Corporation, shall be laid out and applied to the will of by the said Guardians according to the Direction of every Donor and Benefactor; and where there shall be the Donor. n0 such particular Direction, then to the Use of the Poor of all the said several Parishes, according to the Rules herein prescribed 5 and that the said Guardians shall and may, and have hereby full Power, at any Special Court or Assembly, to elect or chuse any such charitable Person or Benefactor, his or her Heir, Executor, or Administrator, or next of Kin, after his or her Decease, to be a Guardian of the Poor; and who shall be and act as one of the said Body Corporate, for such Time as the said Corporation shall, at such Court, or at any following Special Court, appoint.

Guardians m»y

XLI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Guardians may, if they contraa for the think proper, at any of their said Monthly or Special Courts, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the FarUh.an l W^oor> or other Person or Persons having the Care of the Poor of any Parish, Township, or other Place, may contract and agree together for the maintaining and employing of the Poor of any such Parish, Township, or Place, by the said Guardians in the said House of industry, and under the Management of the said Guardians in all Respects, according to the Powers hereby given over the Poor of the said several Pariflacs herein mentioned, for and during such Time together, not less than one Year and under such Payments to the said Guardians as they and such other contracting Parties shall mutually agree upon; all of which Poor shall be compellable to go into the said House of industry, and shall not during each such Contract be otherwise relieved; and shall be subject, in all Respects, to the Rules and Powers of the said Corporation, and to the like Punishments and Prosecutions as the Poor of the said several Parishes are hereby fub-jected to; and shall be severally liable to be dismissed and discharged out of the said House, and from under the Care of the said Guardians, and to be Cent to his, her, or their proper Parish, Township, or Place, there to be again relieved and provided for according to Law, for any Breach of such Contract by the Contractors, on their Part, or for any Misbehaviour, Non-conformance, or other Offence in any of such Poor, when, and as the said Guardians, or any nine or more of them, shall think proper, and, by the Order of any Monthly or Special Court, shall direct: And that each and every Churchwarden and Overseer, or other Person having the Care of the Poor of every such Parish, Township, or Place* shall, and hereby have Authority to raise and levy, by Taxation in each such Parish, Township, or Place, in the same Manner, within such Time, and by such Ways and Means, and with all and every such Power of Distress, and other Powers as are herein before given and appointed as to rating, levying, and raising the Money for the Relief and Employ of the Poor in the said several Parishes, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money for the Maintenance and Employ of all such their respective Poor as the said Guardians shall, from time to time, direct and apportion to be paid for all such Poor, according to the Tenor of every such Contract or Agreement; saving and reserving, nevertheless, to any Person rated, cr liable to pay any such Rate, Power and Liberty, to appeal against the same to any two Justices of the Peace residing next the Parish or Place, within such Time, after such Notice, and in such Form as is herein prescribed as to Appeals against any of the Rates to be made in any of the said other Parishes for the Relief of the Poor thereof; and which two Justices shall, and hereby have full Power to settle and finally determine such Appeal in such summary Way as aforesaid: And in case any such contracting Churchwarden, Overseer, or other Person, on Behalf of any such Parish, Township, or Place, shall neglect or refuse to raise and levy, and to pay all such Sums of Money so directed by the said Corporation to be paid to them in pursuance of every such Contract, every such Churchwarden and Overseer, or other Person or Persons having so contracted with the said Corporation, shall, within ten Days after the Time for every such Payment shall be expired, be and is and are hereby made severally liable to p3y and make good every such Payment to the said Corporation, by and out of his and their own proper Goods and Effects; and in Default thereof, after Demand made to any one of them, on Behalf of and by Order of the said Corporation, it shall be lawful for any one Justice, having Jurisdiction there, on Complaint to him made by Order of the said Corporation, certified to him from any Court, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy all such Arrears, and every such Sum and Sums of Money, by Distress and Sale of the proper Goods and Chattels of each or any such Churchwardens or Overseers, or other Person or Persons having so contracted with the said Guardians on the Behalf of any of such Poor, togerher with the Charges of every such Distress; and for Want of such Distress, by like Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Justice, to apprehend, and thereby to commit every such Churchwarden and Overseer, or other such contracting Person, to the common Gaol of the proper City or County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until all such Arrears and Sums of Money, with the Charges attending any of such Proceedings aforesaid, to be ascertained by any such Justice, shall be fully paid and satisfied to the said Guardians, or compounded for; which Composition the said Guardians, or any nine or more of them, are hereby impowered to make.

PfOTifion as to

XLII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bastard born on the Body of any Settlement for poor Woman, whose legal Settlement is in any of the Parishes intended to be incorporated within this Act, Bastards. other than such Parish in which the said House of industry is or shall be situate, or in any of the Parishes,

Townships, or Places only, with the Overseers of the Poor whereof the said Guardians shall at any Time contract for the Maintenance of the Poor thereof, under the Powers given by this Act, and who is under the Care and Government of the said Guardians for the time being, shall gain or be intitled to any Settlement in the Parish in which the said House of industry is situate, and where such Bastard shall be born, unless the same shall happen in the proper Parish where the Settlement of the Mother shall then be; but that the Settlement of each such Bastard shall follow that of the Mother as fully as if such Bastard had been born in such Parish, Township, or Place, to which the Settlement of such Mother shall belong, and shall be deemed as one of the Poor thereof by the said Guardians, and to every other Intent and Purpose; with

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771. C. 14. 61

Power, nevertheless, and that it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of every such Pinlh, Township, or Place, to which the Settlement of every such Woman shall belong, to have and take, and they are hereby intit led to have such Remedy against the Mother and the Father of any such LafiarJ respectively, for the indemnifying the same Parish, Township, or Place, by reason of such Bastard C hiid, and otherwise in all respects as the Law directs in the Case of Bafiards, and as fully as if such Bastard had been 2<ftu.:lly born in the Parish, Township, or Place, to which the Mother’s Settlement shall so belong: And at lb that any two or more of the said Guardians, being Justices of the Peace, shall and may,

nd have hettby Authority, at the End of one Calendar Month from the Time any such Woman shall be ft delivered of any Bastard, and at any Ti me after (lie shall have declared on Oath, as the Law in such Cases directs who is the Father of such Child, in case he shall be one of the Poor under the Care of the fnj Guardians, to set and inflict such reasonable Punishment on such Mother and such Father, either by Wh ipping. Confinement, or hard Labour, or by distinguishing him or her with some Badge or Token of the Ostence, to be fixed on the mol! conspicuous Part of his or her outside Garment, as the said Guardians being J il!ices of the Peace, shall think fit and proper.

XLIII. Provided alto, and be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall ever For pp?y*nft hereafter happen, that by reason of the Employment and Industry of the Poor of the said several Parishes in ^urPtu*of |he the said City of Oxford, by virtue of the Powers hereby given, there shall be made and result such Benefit, r*s Profit, and Incrcale, from the Labour and Industry of such Poor, of which the said Guardians shall wholly judge and determine, as will, at and for any certain Time to come, not kfs than one Year, be more than sufficient to maintain and employ all such Poor, and to answer the Purposes of the said Corporation; then, and so often, and for such Time as the said Guardians, or any nine or more of them, shall find there shall be such clear Benefit, Profit, and Increase, there shall not be any Sums of Money rated or collected in the said several Pariftics, for the Use of the said Corporation, or the Poor under the Government thereof, by virtue of any Precept from the said Guardians or otherwise: And that all such Benefit, Profit, and Increase, so from time to time to arise, shall be, and is hereby vested in the said Guardians, with Power to place all such Surplukgc of Profit at Interest, or to lay out the same in the Purchase of Lands of Inheritance, and again to call in and assign, and to alienate any such Lands, or otherwise to manage the same, for the future Maintenance and Employ of the Poor of the said several Pariftics, and the Uses of the said Corporation, as they shall, from time to time, think mo(! proper.

XLIV. And it is hereby further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties and Recovery a* Forfeitures infli<f!cd, directed, and made payable to the Use of the said Corporation, as herein is and are mentioned and expresst d, except in such Cases wdiere it is hereby otherwise ordered, and also all other pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures whatsoever herein mentioned, or which shall be inflicted and appointed hv any Bye-law or Ordinance to be made by the said Corporation, pursuant to the Powers hereby given,

shall and may be fcvtrally recovered, and are hereby directed and impowered to be fevera 11 jr recovered, by Liftrels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Person having incurred any Inch borfeitures, and (o offending, by virtue of a Warrant or Wa; rants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City of Oxford; together with the Costs of Distreis to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices, who aic hereby severally impowered, and are hereby so required, upon the Application of any Person, by Order of the said Guardians, or of any other Person claiming such Penalty, or any Part thereof, to issue and grant such Warrant or Warrants; and in case such fuff icnt Distrtfs shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the said City, by Warrant underhuor their HanJ or Hands, upon the like Application, to apprehend any such Offender or Otfi nders in the Lid City of ()sfvi, or in any other County or Place in Great Britain, although out of the original Juriuiictic n of lath Justice or Justices; and by virtue of such Warrant, and by Words in the Body thticof, to commit, and to direct such Offender or Offenders to be committed, when so apprehended, to the common Gaol of the City* County, or Place, wherein he, she, or they shall be so apprehended, thete to remain without Bail or Mainprize lor such Space of Time as the said Justice or Justices by such \Yrar-r mi fuall appoint, not exceeding fix, nor less than three Calendar Months, unless he or they shall sooner pav 1 kh Penalty or Forfeitures, with all the Charges attending the Proceedings against him or them, to be sen rtu.red by any one Justice of the said City: And such of the aforesaid Penalties and Forfeitures as shall an<:1 AP^‘cat he so rccuveicd for the Lie of the said Corporation, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Corporation,

C’r to f< me other Person for the Use of the said Corporation, as the said Guardians, or any nine or more cl them, shall appoint.

XLV. And be it lurther enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all Charges and Expences incur- of if it

red in and about procuring and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the hrit Moines which lh.,11 arise by to be ficA virue of this Act. pj,d‘

XLVI. ProviJrd always, 2nd it is hereby further cnniTcd by the Authority aforesaid, That thir, Act or Net to *ary the 2r y I 'hi g herein contained, shall not vary, alter, or aftict, the Limits or Jurisdiction of any of the said Lur.io of u* it 1 r il P.*rfihes in the said City of Oxford; or to unite or aft ell the lame in any Manner further or other-wuc than iv mentioned 21.d expressed in and by this Act: And that the Churchwardens and Oveilcers of t c 1\ or of and in each of the said several Parishes, shall be chosen in and out of csih of the laul kvcral Pnft.es from time to time, as the Law now directs; but that they and evily of them, when lothovn,

(Ml 1 act and be subservient in all Respects in Manner herein directed, and pur.uunt to the Powers and Au-t:.c*ririlu.eby given and enacted.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Di'li s and S.dc shall Pirtrc- not bt m. dv for ar.y bum or bums of Money directed to be Ithoed, or any Person or IVrh ;> li. ill F* aruftM, J t'^ta vr apprehended and commuted, by boice of this Act, or by virtue of any Clause the.ciu cot.unit'd, or I v vl

62 C. 15. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

or in consequence of any Power hereby given, from the Beginning to the End hereof, either to the said Corporation, or to the said Commissioners, or to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or otherwise howsoever; no such Distress, Sale, Arrest, or Commitment, shall be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making or doing the same respectively, be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of, or by reason of any Defector Want of Form, or other irregularity in any Summons, Conviction, Order, Warrant, or other Proceeding or Proceedings whatsoever, relating to, or concerning any such Distress, Sale, Arrest, or Commitment; nor shall the Party or Parties making or doing the same Distress, Sale, Arrest, or Commitment respectively, be deemed or construed a Tresspasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done or transacted in any such Case by him or them; but the Person or rer-fons aggrieved by any such Irregularity, shall and may recover Satisfaction for the Special Damages only* and shall have no more Costs than Damages in an Action upon the Case.

Proceedings not

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order made to be quaihtd for touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any other Proceedings to be had touch-Waatof Form, ing the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Part thereof, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty* Courts of Record whatsoever, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Limitation of

XLIX. Provided also, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for Action*. any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act.or any Clause, Power, or Thing herein contained, from the beginning to the End thereof, until after ten Days Notice thereof in Writing, ligned by the Party aggrieved, uiall be given to the Treasurer or the Clerk of the said Corporation, or to the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Guardians for the time being, under whose Power and Authority the Grievance (half have most immediately arisen; nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties so alledging him, her, or themselves to be aggrieved; nor after six Calendar Months next following such Grievance, and the Fact committed: And every such Action shall be laid in the County of Oxford, and be tried in the said County, and not elsewhere: And the Defendant and Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at'his Election specially, or the General IfiTue, and give this Act, General Inae. an(j t^e Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon 5 and that the same was done in pursuance of this Act, or by Force of some or one of the Powers and Authorities hereby given: And if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before ten Days Notice had been thereof given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient, Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought or tried in any other County than as aforesaid; then the Jury, in any such Case, shall find for the Defendant or the Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall Treble Colli, be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

[Public act.]

L. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Thing herein contained, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the better paving that Part of the High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Mat-fellon, otherwise Whitechapel, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS that Part of the High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Motfellon, otherwise White*

chapel, which lies in the County of Middlesex, is extremely ill paved, and the Passage through the same greatly obstructed by Posts and Projections, and annoyed by Signs, Spouts, and Gutters projecting into and over the same, whereby, and by the deep Channels cross many Parts of the said Street, the same is rendered incommodious and dangerous to Persons passing through the same 5 and the present Methods prescribed by Law are ineffectual for removing such Obstructions and Annoyances, and for the proper paving of the said Street, and keeping such Pavement in sufficient Repair May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Commissionew assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Rtverend Doctor Robert Alarkham, Thomas De~ Nixncj, wing, Thomas Price, Joseph Ru/i, James Peter Johnson, Jeremiah Hergefl, John Fry, John /Idams, John

Stephens, Thomas Hodges, William Crafivell, William Thoyts, John Rex, William Read, Frederick Ryder, John Coope, John Christian Suhrin, William Hamilton, Francis Laufon, Thomas Empson, Redbimn Tomkins, William j^uarril, Isaac Colnett, William Claxton, Luke Alder, James Spalding, Thomas Hawes, Ergen Allen, William bond, Thomas Law, Thomas Read, shall be, and they and their Successors, to be elected in Manner Other Comrrifc- hereafter mentioned, are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution: And in case f»oners to be of the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners, or Refusal to act, it shall be lawful for the fur-choua. viving or remaining Commissioners or any five or more of them, from time to time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect one other Person to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of the Commissioner

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 15. 63

so dying or refusing to act; ten Days public Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election being given, by affixing the same in Writing upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Saint Miitj Matfellonf otherwise Whitechapel> aforesaid; and every Person so elected shall be and is hereby vested with the same Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as the Person in whose Place he shall be elected wss vested with.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as Qjotlificttion of a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall in his own Right, or in the Right of his Co®B"ffiofter* Wife, be in the actual Poffirffion or Receipt of the Rents of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the

clear yearly Value of forty Pounds, or possessed of or intitled to a personal Estate of the Value of five hundred Pounds; and if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person (nail, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, together with Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered fn any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information; wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, and wherein the Proof of Qualification shall lie on the Person prosecuted; and it shall be sufficient for the Prosecutor to prove that the Person so prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall Ko

sell Ale, Wine, or any Spirituous or Fermented Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner under this Act. Commoner.

IV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or First Meeting of more of them, shall meet together at the Vestry Room of the said Parish on the first Monday after the passing Commissioner* > of this Act, and shall then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act; and they are hereby impowered bow to adjourn* to adjourn themselves, from time to time, to meet at the same Place, or such other Place in the said Parish of Saint Mary Matfellon, otherwise Whitechapel% as the said Commissioners shall, from time to time, think fit: And if at any Meeting so appointed there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissioners to Manner of aft or adjourn to another Day, or in case the said Commissioners so assembled shall omit, neglect, or refuse to adjourn themselves, then, and in every such Case, any two of the said Commissioners, or the Clerk to the said Commissioners, shall appoint a Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held, within ten Day* after, at the same Place; public Notice whereof shall be given by affixing the same m Writing upon the principal Door of the aforesaid Parish Church, at lead six Days before such Meeting.

V. Provided always, That no Order or Determination of the said Commissioners, shall be valid, unless No Order valid the same shall be made at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act; nor shall any Commissioner hereby onlef,t l Pub* appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, as aforesaid, be capable of acting as such during the Time he shall

enjoy any Office of Profit by virtue of the Powers given by this Act, or have any Share or Interest in any missioner enjo* Contraft relating to the Execution thereof. officej.

VI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or Commissionen. more of them, shall and may, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint one or more Clerk may appoint or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officers for the Execution of this Act, as they shall0®* think proper, and from time to time remove him or them, and appoint others as they shall find necessary

or convenient; and by and out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, may pay such Salaries and*

Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed in the Execution of this Act, as they shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of who stall givr them, shall take such Security for the Execution of the respective Offices, by such Person and Persons Security as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and such Person and Persons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the several Tolls, Rates, or Sums of Money hereby granted, shall pay the same, to such Person or Persons as shall from time to time be appointed to collect or receive the same, as herein after mentioned: And all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as and to account*, aforesaid, shall, under their Hands, at such Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall direct, deliver to such Commissioners true and perfect Accounts in Writing*, of all Matters and Things committed to th ir Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof has been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint: And all the said Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath, if thereunto required (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) verify their said Accounts; and if any Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refute to verify, upon Oath, any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within ten Days after being thereunto required, by any five or more of the said Corn-missioners, all Books, Papers, am* Writings in his Culfcody or Power relating to the Execution or this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as the Balance of any Account or Account* lh.tll -mpv.ir to be in their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or as they Out or

appoint; then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Commissioners, or any five or more, of 'hem, u ... and are hereby authorised and* impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action ».r n t.u

Name* of such Commissioners, or in the Name or Names of any one or more of them, t -N r et

Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery ui l.c Mi i 2 tiift

by

64

Persons committed not to be detained longer than 6 Months. Executors to account.

Officers taking Rewards, or concerned in anj Bargain, difqua-Jified, and shall forfeit icol.

Streets to be paved.

Commissioners rruy nvke Contracts.

C. 15. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively 5 or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall be and reside, such Justice may, and is hereby authorised and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so-refilling or neglecting, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorised and required, upon the Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons offending in the Premises respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy such Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the same; or in case it shall appear to such Justice, by the Confession of the Party so offending, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath, that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this AdJ, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Officer or Person, and he shall refuse to deliver the same as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, such Justice shall commit every such Offender to the common Gaol of the County or Place where such Offender shall be and reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition, in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make) and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction, in respect thereof, to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them.

VII. Provided always, That no Person who shall be committed on account of his having no Goods or ’Chattels, shall be detained in Prison for any Term longer than six Months.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death of any such Officer or other Person to be appointed as aforesaid, his Executors or Administrators shall, within twenty-one Days next after such Decease, deliver to the said Commissioners under this Act, or any five or more of them, an Account of the Monies collected or received by the Person so deceased for the Purposes of this Act; and shall also deliver all Books, Papers, and Things concerning his Office to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same; which Money, if any due, shall be paid by the Executors or Administrators of the Person so deceased, in Preference to and before any of his or their other Debts are paid or satisfied.

IX. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who shall be employed by the said Commissioners as a Clerk, Surveyor, or any other Officer or Servant, in the putting this Act,

f or any of the Powers thereof, in Execution, shall exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards, as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for or on account of any Thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative to the putting this Act in Execution; or shall be any Ways concerned in Interest, in any Bargain or Contraft made or to be made by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execution; every such Person so offending shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed under this Act, and shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall fuefor the fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, within six Calendar Months after the Offence committed; in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, to cause, order, and direct the said Street to be new paved, repaired, raised, sunk, or altered, when and as often, and in such Manner, and with such Materials as the said Commissioners shall think fit; and for such Purposes may, from time to time, cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into the same, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials as they shall judge necessary; and may likewise cause the Water-pipes, which now lie, or hereafter shall be laid under Ground, to be taken up and new-laid in such Places, Manner, and Form, as they the said Commissioners, shall judge best, and to employ such Artificers, Workmen, and other Persons, and to issue such Money on those Accounts, and to do all and every such other Acts and Things as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall judge necessary for accomplishing the Purposes of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, to contract with any Person or Persons, for paving and keeping in Repair the said Street, and in and about the several Works hereby directed to be performed, or any of them; which Contraft and Contrafts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Work shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non-performance thereof; and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works; but previous to the making of any such Contraft, fourteen Days Notice shall be given in some public Newspaper, expressing the Intention of such Contract, in order that any Person or Persons

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 15. 65

willing to undertake the same, may make Proposals for that Purpose to thefuid Commissioners, at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That during all such Time as the new C:uitH Pavement shall be carrying on and making in the Ibid.Sneer, and until such new Pavement shall be com- I, JV s

aw

rrJ a, ti e

pitted, 11 shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order and ducct all and every such Carts and Waggons loaded with Hay or Straw, as shall be brought lot Sale q ~ u ,11^." into the said Patifli on the usual Market Days, tube placed and itund in such of the Sticets or other Places in the said Panih, and in such Manner and Form, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, ilui!, from time to time, direct or appoint; and that when such Pavement shall be completed and finished, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order 2nd di* feet all and every such Carts and Waggons loaded with Hay or Straw, as ill all be brought into the said pa-nih for Sale on the usual Market Days, to be placed and (land in or near the Middle of the said Street, at such Dhtances, and in such Manner and Form, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, determined by Writing under their Hands, to be publickly affixed in fume conspicuous Part or Parts of the Paid High Strut* shall, from time to time, di redd and appoint: Ar.d if the Owner or Owners, Driver or Drivers of Pemliy 0^4 f-any such Cart or Carts, Waggon or Waggons, loaded with Hay or Straw, as shall be brought into the said '’bcvin-fliCU Parish for Sale on the usual Market Days as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to place his or their Cart or D]rcdluns-Carts, Waggon or Waggons, according to the Directions of the said Commissioners, to be notified as SifnreuiJ, or shall permit or suffer any such Cart or Carts, Waggon or Waggons, to (land on either Side of the said Street, l'o as to obstruct the free Passage for Carriages therein, it shall and m2y be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever who Hull fee such Offence committed, to seize, as also for ary other l\rionor Persons to alliib in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him or them before fume Justice of the Peace acting in and for the said County, and such J l: It ice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses, who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to admimfltr): And if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of huh Offence, either by his or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he or they so c< nvibted shall forfeit and pay the Sum often Shillings; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture, such Justice is hereby required to commit him or them to the House of C01 redtion for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding fourteen Days; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be difehareed before the Expiration of the Trine for which he or they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeitures shall be sooner paid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of the Pavements, and Property of Ma-

all Materials and Things which shall be provided and made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall be, and t«yhls in

the lame are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby an- Commissionei*. thorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any one or more of them, or to prefer, or order and direct the preferring of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall (leal, take, or carry away any Part of such Materials or Things, or disturb them in the Possesson thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at Penalty on in-any Time or Times obstruct, hinder, or moldt any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, tmurring "Workmen, Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be employed by virtue of this Act, in the Workmen. Performance or Execution of their Duty, every such Person so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, for the second Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five Commissioners

or more of :hem, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, to sell and dispose of all or any m-y i>u rid Part of the old Pavement, or other Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the 4U*

fame, and to apply the Puchase-money for the Purposes of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Part of N’otAe to be the Pavement of the said Street shall be taken up, for the Purpose of making, repairing, altering, cleansing, civ£‘n* frk?r i or emptyi for any other Tur Hours, g

cution, in order that the same may, with all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired under the Inspection of the said Surveyor; and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid by the said Commissioners, and they shall be reimburs'd the same by the Person or Persons, Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners or Sewers, who shall take up, or cause or procure to be taken up, the said Pavement, or any Part or Parts thereof.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful Crnn*r.;fno"eri for the uid Con.nnrfictiers for putting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, from time to n ;J

time, to u rrp< und and agree with the said Companies, or Commissioners of Sewers or other PcH< n or ]U, / " Persons n-ipcctivi ly, for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot, or other Measure, as the said Commissioners " ,kC‘‘t" for (Milting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable, in lieu ami in (load cr laying down or repairing such Pavement as shall be neceilanly taken up for any of the Purposes atore-Lid

XVIII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Person or Pcjf »ns, h,w r/or.rs m Companies of Water works, or Commissioners of Sewers iclpcctively, (Lull neglect or rdulc to pay wb.it be uova.;.

k ing any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, or of laying, altering, or mending any Water-pipe or Plug, or

jtner Purpose whatsoever, the Person or Persons so taking up such Pavement shall, within twenty-#ncy’

jrs, give Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in F xe- u:dlnt arc.

66 C. 15. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

the said Commissioners shall have so paid and disbursed, or what shall be due upon such Contract or Composition as aforesaid> within two Months next after Notice thereof, to be left by the Surveyor or Clerk appointed or to be appointed by the said Commissioners, at the Dwelling-house or lad Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Secretary or Secretaries, Clerk or Clerks, of such Companies of Waterworks, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively, which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and annexed to the Bill, containing an Account of the Expence of such Repair or Money due upon such Composition, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said last mentioned Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authored and impowered to bring, or caofe to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Clerk, for the time being, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money respectively 5 and in case such Person or Persons hereby directed to give such Notice to the Surveyor or Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, as is before directed, shall neglect so to do for the Space of twenty-four Hours after such Pavement shall be so take*

up, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings. Commissionera

XIX. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if, for the Purposes of this Act, k to pay for alter- shall at any Time be found necessary to raise, fink, or otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pipes or ing Pipes. Plugs laid down or placed by the said Companies, or of any of the Leaden or other Pipes which shall be laid into or from any of the said Companies Pipes, which the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to cause to be done as often, and in such Places, as they shall think proper, the same shall be paid for out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be done with as little Detriment or Inconvenience to the said Companies, and other Persons, as the Circumstances of the Case will admit of.

mere any of

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as it shall happen the Water Com- that any pjpe or Pipes belonging to any Water Companies shall break or burst in the said Street, k shall Notice anc* maX b* lawfid to *nd for the Surveyor for the time being to the Commissioners for putting this Act in to be given to Execution, or such other Person as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint for such Companies, that Purpose, to give immediate Notice thereof to the Pavior of the Water Company to whom he apprehends such Pipe or Pipes does or do or may belong, and require him to take up the Pavement, and open the Ground at or near the Place where the Water mall or may issue by reason of such Pipe or Pipes breaking or bursting, within two Days next after such Notice given to such Pavior, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode; and if, upon taking up of the Pavement and opening the Ground, it shall appear that the Pipe or Pipes so broken or burst do not or doth not belong to the Water Company whole Pavior ft all have taken up such Pavement and opened such Ground, that then and in such Case the Surveyor or other Person as aforesaid shall give immediate Notice to the Pavior of that Company to whom it shall appear that the said Pipe or Pipes do or doth belong, such Notice to be given or left with such Pavior, or at his last or usual Place of Abode; and the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong is hereby required to repair the same, and fill in the Ground, within two Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid; and also within twenty-four Hours after such Pipe shall be repaired, and the Ground filled in, to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors contracting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor or other Person aforesaid, of such Pipe or Pipes being repaired, and such Ground being filled in, such Notice to be given to such Contractor, Surveyor, or other Person, or left at his or their last or usual Place of t*penceiof re- Abode: And in case it shall happen that the Pavior who first receives Notice to take up the Pavement and inen/tobepaid" °Pen Ground for the Purposes aforesaid, shall take up such Pavement and open such Ground, and it p shall then be discovered that the Pipe or Pipes which is, are, or shall be burst or broken, do or doth not belong to the Company to whom he is Pavior 5 that then, and in such Case, the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes do or doth belong, shall make Satisfaction to the Pavior who so took up such Pavement, and opened such Ground, for such Work: And in case the Pavior to whom such Notice shall be so given to take up such Pavement, and ojpen such Ground, shall neglect or refuse to do the same within the said two Days after Notice given, he mail for the first Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, for the second Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds: And in case the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes so broken or burst Avail belong, shall neglect or refuse to repair and amend the same, and fill in the Ground so taken up, for the Space of two Days next after such Notice given, or shall neglect to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors contracting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, or to such other Persons as aforesaid, such Pavior shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds: And if the Person or Persons contracting with the said Commissioners to relay such Pavements so broken or taken up for the Reasons aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to relay such Pavement in a good, sufficient, and effectual Manner, within two Days after such Notice given to him as aforesaid; or if the Surveyor, or other Person to whom such Notice shall be given, shall neglect to acquaint the Contractor of such Notice; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

Paviors to Wa-

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Pavior now appointed, or here-T.f nTcmo*0 after to be appointed, by the said several Water Companies, who shall have any Pipe or Pipes laid in, ft.^Sur»ryor or through, or under the said Street, shall and is hereby required, within the Space of eight Days next after Citrk of their the passing of this Act, or within the Space of three Days next after he shall be appointed Pavior to such N3m^ -nd A- Company or Companies, and within the Space of three Days next after every Removal of his Abode, to b*ots. give

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 15: 67

give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Clerk for the time being to the said Commissioners of his the t-id Pavior’s Name and Place of Abode, and to what Company he is Pavior: And in case any such Pa-vi^r shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice within the re*p?ftive Times aforesaid, every such Pavior so offending in either of the said cases, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the fecund Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounas.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall make, or No Alteration to cause to be made, any Alteration in the Form of any of the Pavements of the said Street, or of any Part J£lhe

thereof, without the Consent and Direction of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, under pav?m°ent*ith-their Hands and Seals, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, over and ou. Consent of above all Expences incurred, or to be incurred, in reinstating the lame. Commissionen.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Cours< of Cut-Tor the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to direct and cause the Course t«rs t be tum-<jf any Gutter or Channel running in or through the said Street to be turned or altered in such Manner as cd» aeccflary. they shall think proper, and to direct any Grate or Grates already placed, or hereafter tikbe placed, over

any Sewers, to be removed and replaced in such Manner, and at such Place and Places, as they shall think moil proper; all which shall, from time to time, be done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, and paid for out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary not-1* ithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as there shall where neceflny be Occasion to make new or additional Grate or Grates over any Sewer or Sewers within the said Street, to maitc or to repair or alter any old Grate or Grates belonging to the Commissioners of Sewers, or any other Person Gri*,j crfe" or Persons, in the said Street, the same shall be made new, repaired, or altered, by and at the Expence Com°niiitun't* of the said Commissioners of Sewers, or such other Person or Persons to whom the lame doth or shall be- of to pwy long; and the same, when so made new, repaired, or altered, shall be laid down in such Place and Places, the Eipence. and in such Manner and Form, as shall be directed by the Surveyor to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, at the Expence of the said Commissioners of Sewers, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid: And in case the said Commissioners of Sewers, or such other Person or Persons as afore- How it foil He said, shall neglect or refuse so to do, for the Space of six Days next after Notice given or left with their rec®Jfr*d ,n Clerk or Clerks for the time being, or with such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, it shall and may be0 Ne* lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any five or more of them, or their Surveyor, to cause such Grate or Grates as shall be necessary to be made new, repaired, altered, and laid down, to be so made new, repaired, altered, and laid down; the Expence whereof shall be reimbursed and paid by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, or recovered of him, them, or any of them, in like Manner as the Charges and Expences of relaying Pavements is herein before authorised to be recovered.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,*That when and so often as any Sewer or Sewers, arc. to Drain which shall be situate in or communicate with the said Street, shall reauirc to be made new, re- be repaired by paired, altered, cleansed, or emptied; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners of Sewers, fi»e Commis-or such other Person or Persons to Whom such Sewer or Drain shall belong, shall, within six Days after flonerlofScwCrl« Notice given to or left for the Surveyor or Clerk for the time being of the Commissioners of Sewers,

or to or for such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, at his or their last or tifoal Place of Abode, by the said Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, or by the Surveyor or other Person authorised by them, make new, effectually repair, clean, or empty such Sewer or Drain, as the Case may require; and in Default thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any fhfc or more of them, or their Surveyor for the time being,

Co cause such Sewer or Drain to be made new, repaired, or altered, cleansed, er emptied, as the Case may require, or so much thereof as shall be necessary; the Charges and Expences whereof shall be paid by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, who shall be reimbursed the same by the Clerk or Treasurer for the time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers, or by such other Person or Persons as aforesaid: And in case the said Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners of Sewers, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so paid and disbursed, within two Months next after Notice thereof shall be left at the Dwelling-house or last Place of Abode of such*

Clerk or Treasurer, or other Person, which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of such Charges and Expences; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said last mentioned Commissioners, or any hve or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Clerk for the time being, such Clerk or Treasurer of the said Commissioners of Sewers for the time being, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have so expended for the Purposes aforesaid; in which Action or Actions no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement within the said Foot Pa*ement» Street shall, from and after the second Monday next after the passing of this Act, sweep and clean, or tob€ cvc,7 cause to be (wept and cleansed, the Foot-paths before (heir respective Houses and Buildings, once in every

Day, between the Hours of Six and Nine in the Forenoon (Sundays excepted) upon Pain of forfeiting uc five Shillings for every Neglect therein.

68

Frnalfy on ob-flrudinp 'be Street?, &c. ly Carries, Timber, &c.

Penrltv on driving Wheelbarrows, &c. on Foot Pavements.

Inclosures may be made for the Purpose of Building.

Houses to be umbered.

Commissioners m..y remove Signs and other Annoyances.

S'prr. Sec. re-mMntnp unuled, to be* returned to the original Fio-p:Kter.

S»eps Arc. projecting too t.if, to It itKao\td.

C. 15. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said second Monday next after the passing of this Act, set out, leave, or lay any Cart, Dray, Waggon, or other Carriage, Wheels, Timber, Stones, or other Materials, Matters, or Things, whicti may occasion any Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruction whatsoever in the said Street, so as to obstrudL incommode, or endanger any Person or Persons, Carriage or Carriages whatsoever, parting thereon; or if any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be suffered to (land in any Part of the said Street, longer than is needful and proper for the necessary loading or unloading thereof respectively; or if any such Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, shall be placed or set across any Part of the said Street, for the Purposes of loading or unloading the lame, it shall and maybe lawful, in any of such cases, for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, either at any Meeting in pursuance of this AcT, or without any such Meeting, to c^use the said Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, together with the Horse and Horses, and Loading and Loadings belonging thereto, and such other Matters and Things respectively, making or occasioning such Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruction, to be removed, taken, carried away, and deposited in such Place or Places as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall direct or appoint, there to remain until the Offender or Offenders shall have paid and discharged all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the carrying away and depositing the same as aforesaid, as also such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall adjudge, not exceeding forty Shillings for each such Offence.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall lead, run, ride, drive, draw, or cause to be led, run, driven, or drawn, any Horse, Mule, or other Bead; or any Coach, Chariot, Cart, or Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Truck, Cask, Wheel-barrow, or any other Carriage whatsoever, on any Part of the Foot Pavements of the said Street, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit, for the first Offence, the Sum of five Shillings, for the second Offence the Sum of ten Shillings, and for the third and every other Offence the Sum of fifteen Shillings.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons shall and may ercdl cr let up, or cause to be erected or set up, in the said Street, any inclosure. Polls, Bars, or Rails, or other Matters or Things for the Purpose of making Mortar, and depositing Bricks, Lime, or other Materials for building or repairing any Houses, Buildings, or other Works; every such Person or Persons first obtaining Leave under the Hand of the Surveyor or Clerk for the time being to the said Commissioners, which he is hereby impowered to give, by their Permission, signed by five or more of them; but if any Person or Persons shall creel or set up, or cause to be ereCled or set up, any such Inclosures, Polls, Bars, or Rails, or any other Matter or Thing for the Purposes aforesaid, without such Leave first had and obtained, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding ten Shillings for every Hour such inclosure, Matter, or Thing, as aforesaid, shall remain and continue.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may order and direct the Houses within the said Street to be numbered with Figures, placed or painted on the Doors thereof, or on such other Part of the said Houses respectively as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Number or Figure, or any Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, and shall be convicted thereof by his or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed; every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Mor.dcry next after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause all Signs which then or at any time after shall be placed or hung in any Part of the said Street, to be fixed or placed on the Fronts of such Houses respectively whereunto the same shall belong; and also shall and may cause all Sign-irons, Poffs, Boards, Spouts, Gutters, Pent-houses, or other Things occasioning any Obstruction or Annoyance in the said Street, to be removed or altered, in such Manner as the said Commissioner?, or any five or more of them, shall think most proper and convenient; and that for the future all Signs, Koarcs, Spouts, or Gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, err Buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall direct, and not otherwise; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter hang, place, ere<5l* or build any Sign, Sign-pofi, or Iron, Board, Spout, or Gutter, or cause the same to be done, in any other Manner than as aforesaid, or shall in any Manner occasion any Incroachment or Annoyance in the said Street, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XXXI/. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tint if any or any Part of any such Sign, Sign-iron, or Port:, Board, Gutter, Spout, Pent-house, or other Projection, shall remain unused after the Alteration made thereto, as before directed, the same dial 1 be returned to and be the Property of the Person to whom the same belonged before such Removal or Alteration.

XXXIII. And whereas the said Street is, in some Parts thereof, greatly obstructed, and made dan- gcrous to Foot Passengers, by Steps being brought out from Houses, Steps and Doors going down info ‘ Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, and by Shew-glasses, Shew-boards, and other Matters or T hings pro- jedting from Shops or Houses over and beyond the Area belonging to such Houses, or into the Foot-ways Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Monday after the passing of this Act, all such Steps projecting into the Foot-ways of the said Street, and all Steps and

Doors

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 15* 69

Doors trying down out of the Foot-ways into any Cellars, Vaults, or other Places belonging to any House,

Shop, Warehouse, or Tenement, as likewise all Shew-glasse< or Shew-boards projecting over and beyond the Areas or into the Foot-ways, and all and every other Material, Matter or Thing belonging to any House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, or other Building, which do or shall catife or occasion any Nuisance,

Annoyance, Incroachment, or Obstruction in the said Street (either in the Foot or Carriage Way thereof) shall be, at the Expence of the said Commissioners, from time to time removed, fixed, placed, or altered, in such Manner and Form as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of

them, or their Surveyor, by their Direction.

XXXIV. And, for defraying the Charges and Expences attending the Execution of the several Powers An Assessment; by this Act granted/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of to be made, this Act, a Rate 01 Afll-flrnent (over and above all Rates and Assessments now payable) shall, once in every Year, or oftener, if it shall be thought needful by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, be made, laid, and a fie (Ted by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, upon all and every Person or Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, polTefs, or enjoy any House, Shop, Warehouse,

Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement within the said Street, for raising such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall, from time to time, judge needful and direct; so as such Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments, do not in anyone Year exceed in the Whole the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound of the yearly Rents or yearly Values of such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements or Hereditaments respectively; and that all and every Tenant of every House, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement or Hereditament, shall and may deduct.

One-third of such Sum as shall be so afitfied as aforesaid, out of his, her, or their Rents, and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of such Premises, is and are hereby required to allow such Deduction or Abatement upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their respective Rents; any Agreement or Contract between Landlord or Tenant, or any Usage, Custom, or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to be rated or pay Rateen Routan it ore than Five-sixth Parts of such Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments, for or in respect of any House, Sldc Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, situate on the South Side of the said Street, be-Street* tween Red Lion Street and the Liberty of the City of London 5 and that the Proprietors and Occupiers of any such House, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or oihcrTenement, shall be and are hereby absolutely acquitted and Hifcharged from any and every Claim that may or can arise in respect of the Appropriation of any 'Foil or Tolls on Hay heretofore received by them, or any of them.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Person or Persons who shall be rated or Manner of Ro-a defied by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money so rated or a (IT (Ted covcl7*

for the Space of ten Days next after the same shall be due, and demanded by the Collector or Collectors authorised and appointed to collect and receive the same (such Demand being either personally made of the respective Person or Persons so charged, or left in Writing at his, her, or their respective House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode) then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, every or any of them, having a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the said County (which Warrant or Warrants the said Justice, upon Application of the said Collector and Collectors, is hereby authorised and required to grant) and such Collector or Collectors, taking to his or their Aflifiance a Constable, or other Peace Officer of the Parish or Place where the Persons so refusing or neglecting shall reside, to enter into the House or Houses of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and then and there to distrain his, her, or their Goods and Chattels; and if the same shall not be replevied, or such Rate or Assessment paid within five Days next after such Distress made, together with the Costs and Charges thereof, then to appraise and fell so much and such Part of the said Goods and ChainN as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rare or Assessment. with the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels (ihe Lid Coils and Charges to be settled and allowed by such-Justices who shall have granted such Warrant or Warrants respectively); and in case no such Goods or Chattels can be found to be so distrained, or in case such Goods and Chattels shall be locked up or secured, or removed from the said Collector or Collectors, so that he or they cannot distrain the same,

then, and in either of the said cases, upon Information thereof given to any one Justice of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, it shall and may he lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to commit the Person or Persons so a fie fled, and refusing or neglecting to pay the said Rates, to the common Gaol for the County or Place where such Person or Persons Bull reside, or shall be found, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding the Space of one Month, or until the Payment of .* such Rite or Assessment, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or Persons} Occupl^t qu»e— who h.:th or have been rated and afitlled by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their Dwelling- t,n? w,tho,t house, Warehouse, Shop, Vault, Cellar, or Tenement, whereupon such Rate or AlUTTment has been

made, before he, she, or they shall have paid the same, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the same when nu*JC J due and demanded by the Pc'son or Persons authorised and appointed to collect and receive the same, that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the (rid Collector or Col’cctors, and every or any of them, determined by Warrant under the Hands ;.nd S als of any two justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County (which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant) to enter into any Plate within their Jurisdictions or out of the Limits thereof; such Warrant being ft: ft backed or countersigned by ionic Mugiftrute of the County, City, or Liberty, where the Distress is to be

7°

Toll on Hay*

Power to compound with the Lord of the Manor.

Tolls may be levied bj Distress.

Act ji Geo. II.

Receivers may collect the Money Jbi registering.

C. 15. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

made; and to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refilling, and the same to fell, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale.

XXXVIII. And whereas there is due, and has been accustomed to be received, for every Cart or W'ag- gon loaded with Hay brought into the said Parish, and fold on the usual Market Days, the Sum of Six- pence. Two-pence whereof is due and of Right belonging to the Lord of the Manor of Stebonheath,

otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, as Owner or Proprietor of the said Market, and has accordingly, from time to time, been paid to and received by him; and the further Sum of Two-pence,

other Part of the said Sum of Six-pence, is due and of Right belonging to the said Parish, for the clean- sing and taking away the Dirt and Filth occasioned by such Carts and Waggons, and has been paid to and received by the several Householders and Inhabitants before whose Doors such Carts and Waggons have flood, and been fold on the usual Market Days as aforesaid, for the Use of the said Parish; and the further Sum of Two-pence, the Remainder of the said Sum of Six-pence, is due and has been received by the said several Householders and Inhabitants against whose Doors the said Hay so exposed to Sale flood To the End therefore that the useful Purposes of this Act may be the better and more speedfly carried into Execution, and for and towards increasing the Fund for defraying the Charges of the same. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the hrft Monday next after the pa&ng of this Act, there shall be paid to the Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, to be for that Purpose nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, for every Cart or Waggon loaded with Hay which shall be brought into the said Parish for Sale on the usual Market Days, and fold or exposed to Sale, the aforesaid Sum of Six-pence in lieu of all other Tolls which are or shall be authorised to be taken and collected, the said Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, paying the reout to the Lord of the said Manor, or such other Person as shall be Owner or Proprietor of the said Market for the time being, or such Person or Persons as (haR be appointed by him or thei!n to receive the same, the Sum of Two-pence, dear of all Charges and Expences, for every Cart or Waggon loaded with Hay which shall be brought into the said Parish, and fold or exposed to Sale on the usual Market Days as aforesaid.

XXXIX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree for the same with the said Lord of the said Manor, or such other Person as shall be Owner or Proprietor of the said Market for the time being, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, for any Term not exceeding three Years, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby impowered, by themselvc9, or Rny rprfon or Persons by them thereto authorised, to levy the said Toll hereby required to be paid upon any Owner or Owners, Driver or Drivers of any Cart or Waggon loaded with Hay as aforesaid, who shall neglect or refuse to pay the same as aforesaid; which said Toll shall and may be levied by Distress of any Part of such Hay with which such Cart or Waggon shall be so loaded as aforesaid, or upon any of the Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons who ought to pay the same; and such Distress or Distresses shall and may be detained until such Toll, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress or Distresses, shall be paid: And it shall and may be lawful tp and for the Person or Persons so distraining, after the Space of five Days from the Time of making such Distress, to fell such Hay, or other Goods or Chattels so distrained, rendering to the Owner or Owners thereof the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after the said Toll, and the reasonable Charges in and about the making such Distress, Keeping, and Sale, shall be fully satisfied.

XLI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to ascertain the tVeight of Truffes of Stmu\

and to punish Deceits in the Sale of Hay end Straw in Trujfes in London, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and within the Distance of thirty Miles thereof; and to prevent common SaUJmen of Hay and Straw from buying the same, on their own Account, to feU again j and also to refrain SaleJ-4 men. Brokers, or Faff on in Cattle, from buying, on their oUm Account, to fell again, any Live Cattle in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or which are driving up thereto; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That there shall be kept in every Hay-market, within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, where Hay or Straw is or shall be allowed to be sold, a Book or Register for entering and registering therein an Account of all Hay and Straw which shall be sold in any such Hay- market respectively; and that such Book or Register shall be kept by the Clerk or Toll-gatherer of every Hay-market within the said Limits, or his or their Deputy or Deputies: And whereas the Toll upon every Load of Hay which shall be brought into the said Parish for Sale, and fold or exposed to ale on the usual Market Days, is by this present Act directed and appointed to be paid to the Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, to be for that Purpose nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of themV Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons as shall be appointed Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the said Toll, to keep a Book or Register for entering and rendering therein an Account of all Hay and Straw which shall be fold in the said Hay-market; and that such Receiver or Receivers shall duly account for, and pay to the Lord of the said Manor, or such other Person as shall be Owner or Proprietor of the said Market for the time being, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by him or them to receive the same, all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be received by such Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, by virtue or on account of the keeping such Book or Register as aforesaid, clear of all Charges and Expences whatsoever,

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 15. 71

XLII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more ComraMionerc of them, from time to time, to compound and agree for the same with the said Lord of the Manor, or such may compound other Person as shall be Owner or Proprietor of the said Market for the time being, for a certain Sum ofwith the Lord Money, by the Year or otherwise, for any Term not exceeding three Years, as the said Commissioners,^the Manor* or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable.

XLIII. And whereas by the said Act made in the thirty-fuft Year of his late Majesty King Geor/re the act 31 Geo. It, Second, intituled, An Act to ascertain the Weight of Trujfes of Strawy and to punish Deceits tn the Siile of Hay and Straw in Trujfes in London, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and within the

Distance of thirty Miles thereof; and to prevent common Salesmen of Hay and Straw from buying the Jame on their own Account to sell again; and also to restrain Salesmen, Brokers, or Factors in Cattle,

from buying on their own Account, to sell again, any Live Cattle in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or which are driving up thereto \ it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, 00 Person or Persons shall permit or suffer his or their Waggon, Cart, or Car, loaden with Hay or Straw for Sale, to (land or be in the Hay-market in Smithfield, in London, or in any Hay-market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, from Lad)day to Michaelmas, after Four of the Clock in the Afternoon; and from Michaelmas to Ladyday^ after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon: And whereas the keeping open the Hay- Haymarket market in the High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfellon^ otherwise Whitechapel^ to such late when to beheld, Hours, has been found very inconvenient, not only to the Farmers and Consumers of Hay and Straw,

but like wife to all Passengers who have Occasion to pass through the said High Street, and forne further Regulation is likewise necessary with respect to the said Hay-market Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing this Act, (o much of the above-recited Act as directs the Time when the Hay-market held in the said High Street shall end, and the (landing of Waggons, Carts, or Cars, in the said Market, be, and the same is hereby repealed 5 and that, for the future, the said Market 0)all be held, from Ladyday to Michaelmas% from Seven in the Morning till One of the Clock in the Afternoon; and from Michaelmas to Ladyday, from Eight in the Morning till Twelve of the Clock at Noon, and at no other Time or Times; and if any Person or Persons shall at any time continue or suffer his or their Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Car, laden with Hay, Straw, or Fodder, to (land or be in any Part or Part* of the said High Street or Hay-market, otherwise than as above mentioned, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings; to be recovered and applied in such and the same Manner as, by the said recited Act, the Penalties for offending against the said Act are to be recovered and applied.

XLIV. And, for the more effectually enabling the said Commissioners to execute the Purposes of this Commissionet*

Act in the most expeditious Manner Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said *j°rrow

Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, when c^ditoTihe'

they shall judge it necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums A$#

of Money not exceeding four thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be made

and payable by virtue of this Act, and upon the said Toll upon Hay j and by any Writing or Writings

pon Vellum or Parchment, signed by them, to assign the said Rates or Assessments, and the said Toll, or

ither of them, to any such Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money thereon, as a Security

or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with legal or lower Interest for the same; which Interest shall be payable and paid Half-yearly by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates or Assessments, and the said Toll respectively.

XLV. And whereas many Persons may chuse to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities, to be Pofonsmiy ad* secured upon, and payable out of the said Rates and Assessments, and the said Toll respectively ;* Be it there- *aoce to P,r*. fore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for the Purposes of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of three thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or moie Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full 'Form of the natural Life of such Persons as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such respective Contributors, at the Time of Payment of their respective Contribution-monies; which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and so in proportion fi r any greater or Idler Sum, to be advanced and paid as aforesaid: All which Annuities so to be purchased shall be payable and paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates and Aflefimems and Toll respecti /cly, by quarterly Payments, the first Payment to be made to the respective Purchufers, or their Assigns, at the Expiration of the first Quarter after Payment of their respective Purchase* monies; the Rate whereof shall be settled and adjured by a public Sale of the said Annuities by the said Commissioners to the best Bidder for the same.

XLVI. And whereas the said Part of the said Street directed to be Davcd by this Act is the great Avenue Trustee* so pay to the City of London from the County of Essex, and other Eastern Counties of this Kingdom, and ought icooi. 10 Com- to be paved, and the Work completed in tnc fame or like substantial Manner as that Part thereof is done nuifionert,

which lies in the City of London: And whereas the Trustees appointed to put in Execution the several Acts of Parliament made for repairing the Turnpike Road adjoining to the said High Street, leading from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and other Places in the County of Essex, are willing to contribute, advance, and pay the Sum of one thousand Pounds for that Purpose out of the Tolls and Duties arising by their said Turnpike Acts *,* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees appointed or to be appointed under the said Turnpike Acts, or any seven or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to pay, or cause to be

72 C. 15. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

paid, unto the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, of any five or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint to receive the same out of the Money arising or to ariie under their laid several Turnpike Acts, the Sum of one thousand Pounds of lawful Money, within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act:; provided that Part of the said High Street shall be lb paved, completed, and finished in Manner aforesaid, the Person or Persons receiving the same giving a due Receipt and Discharge for the same.

Tt- Acts tobor-

XLVII. And, for the better enabling the said Trustees to raile and pay the Sum of Money as aforesaid/ thTcx^t'of The lt ^urt^er cnai^ed, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Tntftees, or any leven or more of lc 1 them, horn time to time, to borrow and raise, on the Credit of their said Acts, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of one thousand Pounds, for the Purposes aforesaid, over and above all other Sum and Sums of Money already raised, or which shill hereafter be raised, by virtue of the said Turnpike Acts, or any of them, for the particular Purposes of the same Acts; and also to secure the Repayment thereof by such Means, Alignments, Mortgages, and Securities upon the Tolls and Duties, in such Manner and at such Interest as they are impowered by the said Acts, or any of them, to raise and secure Money for the particular Purposes of those Acts.

Money vrfled in

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies raised or collected by vir-CommissionerB. tue, or by means, or under the Authority of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Expences of the

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and Ex-At*' pences of procuring and passing this Act shall be paid out of the full Monies which shall be raised by vir-

tue of this Act.

Penalties may

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the be mitigated, said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against whom the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contract* or Contracts hereafter to be entered into on account of any Breach or Non-performance of any Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and also to mitigate, compound, or lessen any other the Forfeitures incurred under this Act, so as the Sums To compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby, and so as the Mitigation of the other Forfeitures as aforesaid do not extend to remit above one Moiety of the said Forfeitures respectively.

Appeal to the

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall think Sessions. himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County of Middlesex, within three Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant full giving, or causing to be given, fourteen Days Notice at the least in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and within two Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Colls as shall be awarded by the

iullices at such General or Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such fotice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizances, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Colls to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such General or Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

Recovery and

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act Application of imposed, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby particularly directed, shall be levied Penalties. and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and

Seal of any Justice of the Peace idling in and for the said County of Middlesex; which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesse^ upon Oath; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, if any be, upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being full deducted, shall be paid to the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being, and be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paiJ forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction for the said County, thereto remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all rea-funable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

Corrnvflioners

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be itmv r in- lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, if they shall see ioimers. Cause, to p y and apply such Part of the 1'aid Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as they shall think proper, not exceeding one Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or any of them; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 15. 73

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where Cognizance is given jaf>ic-s mn ad-to any Justice or Justices of the Peace by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to admi- mimiirr nifter an Oath to any Person for his or their more certain Information in the Matters then depending.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two Justices of the Peace Commoner* for the County of Middlesex, although such Justices shall be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, x - i \" to hear and determine any of the Offences arising within their respective Jurisdictions which are made sub- jest to and punishable by any pecuniary Penalties directed to be levied by virtue of this Act. a

LVI. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books shall be prepared and kept by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, wherein shall be b- in fairly entered, from time to time, the Names of such Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall Buok>*&c. nominate and appoint to put in Execution the Purposes of this Act; and Copies of all Orders and Pro-cccdings relating thereto, and also an Account of what Monies shall have been a lie lied, raised, levied, and paid by virtue of this Act, and how the same shall have been applied, and the Names of the Annuitant t>r Annuitants, and what Sum or Sums he, she, or they paid for such Annuity or Annuities respectively, and what he, she, or they, is or are to receive for the same; which Book or Books the said Annuitants, or any of them, and all Persons contributing to the said Rates or Assessments, may at all convenient Times peruse and inspect without Fee or Reward.

LVII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall, at

all their Meetings under this Act, pay and defray their own Expences. to defray their

LVIII. And be it further enacted, oy the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made ovvn ^p^i-for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of 0*Vornu any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cale.

LIX. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity, Plai»t*fr not to Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by, or on the Behalf of the recover u* Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought; and in case no such 'Fender shall have been made, macc* it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action, by Leave of the Court w here such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders, and Judgements, shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions, where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LX. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Corftraft, War- Writing to be rant. Judgement, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only wltboal StJmFl* signed by any Commissioner, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of, or only signed by, any other Person or Persons whatsoever, relating to thr Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LXI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Orders, &c. to Commissioners, at their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such be e£lerc<J in Orders and Proceedings, so entered, shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks at any Meeting of five or moreBoak* of the said Commissioners assembled, as the Cate shall require; and such Orders mail be deemed and taken to be Original Orders; which said Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

LXII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceedings to be had touch- Procr*dingi rot ing the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter to be removable or Tmng to be none or transacted, in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed bICc,uorafU for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his M.ijt fly’s Courts of Record at Westminster \ any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstandine.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be com- Limitation ot me need against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty-one Days Aflioni.

Nonce Dial 1 oc thereof given in Writing to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satis-faftton, or l ender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months next alter the I\.ft committed, for which such Action or Actions, buit or Suits, shall be brought; and every such lion shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County or Place where such Matters and Things fcspectively Dial i be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place; anil (he Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act General Llue# and the Special M iner in Evidence at any Trial or Trials that shall be had thereupon; and that the Matter or 1 hing, I or which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that fuifiwicnt Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall riot be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as :»4cresaid; then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein: And it a Verdict or Verdicts flub be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuc h Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or

---

74 C. 16, 17. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Actions, or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid,

[Treble Costs.]

such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs; and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any other Cases by Law.

[Public Act.]

LXIV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the lame being specially pleaded.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to enable his Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS a licensed Playhouse in the Town of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, would be of Convenience to the said Town;' May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Part of Act 10 Geo. 2. relating to common Players]

That so much of an Act of Parliament, made in the tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign (intituled, 'An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and sending them whither they ought to be sent,' as relates to common Players of Interludes; whereby all Persons are discharged to represent any Entertainment of the Stage whatever, in virtue of Letters Patent from his Majesty, or by Licence of the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty's Household for the time being, except within the Liberties of Westminster, or where his Majesty is residing for the time being, be,

[repealed.]

and the same is hereby repealed, with respect to the said Town of Liverpoole: And that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Playhouse within the said Town of Liverpoole; which shall be intitled to all the Privileges, and subjected to all the Regulations, to which any Theatre or Playhouse in Great Britain is intitled and subjected.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for paving the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, as relates to the Commissioners of Sewers-, and for regulating the Manner of taxing Churches, and other public Buildings, within the Limits of the said Act.

[Preamble. Act 6 Geo. 3.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Places adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleanfmgy lightings and watching the JaniCy and aljb the Cotirts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyance: therein; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That when and so often as there shall be OccHlon to make new or additional Grates over any Sewer or Sewers within the said Streets or Lanes, or either of them, or to repair or alter any of the old Grates belonging to the Commissioners of Sewers in the said Streets or Lanes, or either of them, the same shall be made new, repaired, or altered, by and at the Expence of the said Commissioners of Sewers: And it is also enacted, That when and so often as any Sewer or Drain, which is or shall be under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers, and which shall be situate in,

or communicating with the said Streets or Lancs, or either of them, shall require to be made new, re- paired, altered, cleansed, or emptied, then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners of Sewers shall, within six Days after Notice given to, or left for their Surveyor for the time being, at his Lft or usual Place of Abode, by the said Commissioners appointed to put the said Act in Execution, or any or more of them, or by the Surveyor or other Person authorised by them, make new, effectually repair, clean, or empty such Sewer or Drain, as the Case may require; and in Default thereof it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by the said Act, or any five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, to cause such Sewer or Drain to be made new, repaired, altered, cleansed, or emptied, as the Case may require, or so much thereof as shall remain unfinished; the Charges and Expences whereof shall be paid by the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution, who shall be reimbursed the same by the Clerk or Treasurer for the time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers; and in case the said Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners of Sewers shall neg- hot or refuse to pay what shall have been so paid and disbursed, within ten Days next after Notice thereof shall be left at the Dwelling-house, or last Place of Abode of such Clerk or Treasurer, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution, annexed to the Bill containing an Account of such Charges and Expences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said last-mcmioncJ Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name of their Clerk for the time being, against such Clerk

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 17. 75

or Treasurer of the Commissioners of Sewers for the time being, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have so expended for the Purposes aforesaid:

[Monies disbursed

And whereas the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution for the Eaficm Division, have charged the said Commissioners of Sew- b> on-

ers, web the Sum of seven hundred and five Pounds fifteen Shillings and Nincp:nce Halfpenny, and the ers 01 Pav,nE* Commissioners for the Western Division have charged the said Commissioners with the Sum of three hundred and ten Pounds eight Shillings and Fivcptncc, amounting in the \Vrholc to the Sum of one thousand and sixteen Pounds four Shillings and Twopence Halfpenny, for the Charges and Expences of making new Grates over the Sewers within the said Streets or Lanes, repairing and altering old Grates therein, and of making new, repairing, altering, cleansing, and emptying several Sewers or Drains within the said Streets or Lancs, under the Authority and in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, and have brought, or caused to be brought, an Action at Law aeainlt the Clerk for the time being to the said and the Atfiom Commissioners of Sewers for recovering Part of the said Monies, and which Action is fiill depending: broughtthoeon. And whereas Doubts have aril'cn whether the said Commissioners of Sewers are by their Commission au- Douhf3 cf>ncern. thorised or impowered to raise Monies for the Purposes mentioned in the said recited Act: Now, to the hg the power of Fnd that the said Commissioners for putting the said recited Act in Execution may be reimbursed the eh Ommifiioa-Monies so by them charged to have been expended as aforesaid, together with the Cofis and Chargescr, A Sc*'Ae,s» which have accrued in and about the aforesaid Action, and that the Clerk for the time being to ;he laid 01 Commissioners of Sewers may befaved harmless and indemnified therefrom, and that the said Commissioners of Sewers may be duly authorised and impowered to raise Monies for the Purposes aforesaid :* May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and Cnrrm^oreri may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Sewers, for the Limits extending from East Alouldj y in the of to County of Surrey, to Ravensborne in the County of Kent, or any fix or more of them, three whereof are to <Pjirc h a ],}lY be of the Quorum, and they are hereby authorised and required to esquire, by the Oaths of twelve or more -V’t^hu't honed and lawful Men, within the Counties of Surrey and Kent respectively, what Person or Persons hath from :h~U c>r have, or holdeth or hold any Mefibnges, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Limits, Wers wiu.in or h.th or may have any Benefit or Hurt, Loss or Disadvantage, by any Manner of Mean*, f o:n the S :iU.«ark. »i A Sewers or Drains within the said Limits; and all those Persons, and every of them, to tax, afiels, charge, didrain, and punish, after the Quantity of their Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Heredita- C vl

ments and the Rate of every Person’s Portion, Tenure, and Profit, for and towards the Discharge and 1 ‘ls Satisfaction of the Monies which have been so expended by the said Commissioners for putting the said before-recited Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty into Execution as aforesaid, and of the Cofis and Charges which have accrued in and about the Prosecution and Defence of the Action aforesaid, and of the necessary Costs and Charges incidental to the Enquiry and Assessment hereby directed to be made, and also of the Cofis and Charges expended and laid out in or by reason of obtaining and passing this present Act of Parliament, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner and Form, as to the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any six or more of them, three whereof shall be of the Quorum, shall seem meet; to be dene ivrfuan? »o the and ordained according to and in pursuance of the several Powers and Authorities vested in them by their ro.vtn t their Commission, or by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and palLd in the twenty-third Year of the Reign Cuinni.iuon.

of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled, The Bill of Savers, nr any other Act or Acts of Parliament made, and now in Force relating to the Power and Authority of the said Commissione the Purpose of executing their Commission.

Commissioners of Sewers, or for

Vnd be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That from and out of the Monies to be raised ArpV-ation of lledted by the Enquiry and Assessment as aforesaid, the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or

and col!

more of them, three whereof shall be of the Quotum, shall, in the full Place, pay and satisfy unto the said /uLmneat. Commissioners in each Division, for putting ttic said recited Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, the Monies so respectively expended by them as aforesaid; and in the next Place, the Cofis and Charges bcfojc mentioned, and in case there shall be any Surplus remaining alter such Payments, the same shall be from time to time paid and applied by the said Commissioners of Sewers, in and towards the general ChirgCi and Expence of executing their Commission.

III. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners for putting PireSionifo the fj: i recited Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, shall at any Time or Times, fion and Gor'm.iV.iHrs aLer the pihing of this Act, t a ink it necessary, or have Occ.ifion to make any new or ad.iiti ana! Giaus

over any Sewer or Sewers, within the Streets or Lanes, or Places comprised and mentioned in the said re- flt lPc

cited A t, or any of them, or to repair or alter any of the old Grates therein, or to m ike new, repair, s.-v.co. alter, clean c. 01 empty any Sewer or Drain, which is or shall be under the Dire A An of the Commissioners Sewers, l;rujte in, or communicating with the fnd Streets, Lanes, and Places arorefiiJ, or any of them; men the (..id Commissioners lor p itting the said recited Act in Execution, or any five or more ol them, or t.vtir Surveyor or Smveyo.s for nc fin.e being, wi'hin their respective Diviiiunq or other Person or Per-Ui\» tutaorUCil by them, fb.-fiI, and they aic hereby t i-ccicd and required to give or leave Notice in Writing, un'n and for the Clerk for the time being to the said Commissioners of Si wers, at his ufir.l or lull Place < r Aboir, ot th'ir Intention to have any luen new or ad iiti mrd Grates, nude or placed over any Sewer or Servers uifiun the Limi*s afijrr/.ud, or to have any such Reparation or Alteration of the old Gra:c liut'ai, i t to h..vc any fu: h Sewer or Dram made new, rcpaiicd, altered, clec.nfed, or emptied, as the Case may te; end the said Clerk is hereby directej and required, immediately af:cr th" Delivery of rmv and rv iv Inch Notice as atorefiiid, to furrmnn (ix or more of the find Commi.boners of Sewers, who find! bo ii.ha-t.nng or dwC.ing iu or near the Borough of Sr.tthvark, three whereof Hull be of the Quorum, to fury.y

7 6

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Commissioners of S#weri di reded to survey the same, and to eause Grate*, Sewers, ?nd Drams to be reformed, and to enquire by a Jury who ought to becon ributory to the Expence,

Where two Part* in ihiccof Monies are to be. co Ik iked.

Com naiflio nets to cause Grate* and Sewers to be repaired 5.

and to keep Accounts of Monies to be colle&ed by Assess-

TBCUtS,

Ccrnmi flamers* ot Sewers to rr^ke new additional Grates*

the Grates, Sewers; and Drains, mentioned and specified in such Notice, within ten Days next after the Receipt thereof; and they the said Commissioners are hereby required and directed to survey the same, within the Time before limited, and after such Survey shall be had and made, to eause such Grates, Sewers, and Drains to be forthwith made new, corrected, repaired, amended, altered, cleansed, emptied, cr reformed, as the Case shall require, and by the Oaths of a Jury to enquire what Person or Persons are or ought to contribute to the Charges and Expences thereof in each Piviiion, and to tax, assess, charge, distrain, and punish, all and every such Person and Persons, for the Redress and Reformation thereof, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner and Form, as to the said Commissioners shall feein lit to be done and ordained, according to and in pursuance of the several Powers and Authorities vested in them the said Commissioners by their Commission* or by virtue of the said Act of Parliament of the twenty-third Year of the late King Henry the Eighth, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament made and now in Force relating to the Power and Authority, of the said Commissioners of Sewers, or for the Purpose of executing their Commission.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That two Parts in three* (the Whole into three equal Parts being to be divided) of the Monies to be raised and collected by the Enquiry. and Assessment aforesaid, shall be, and the same is hereby directed to be raised and collected upon the Owners and Occupiers of all the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, situate and being within the Levels or Distri&s, commonly called or known by the Name or Names of Bridgehouse

Green Bank Mill Stream^ Battle Bridge Mill Streatn, Saint John of ‘Jerusalem Sluice, Bare Sluice, B.ars-head Sluice, Black Lyon Sluice, and Whitewall Sluice, in the County of Surrey, and which are lying, being, or adjoining to any Part or Parts of any other Sluice, Common Sewer, or Stream, running in or through* any of the Streets, Lanes*, or Places comprised in the said recited Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty; and that the other or remaining third Part of the said Monies shall be, and the same is hereby directed to be raised and collected upon the Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in all the other Levels or Districts within the Limits, under the Cognizance and Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners of Sewers, and not otherwise, or in any other Manner.

V. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of Sewers shall neglect or refuse to eause any such Grate, Sewer, or Drain to be made new, corrected, repaired, amended, altered, cleansed, or emptied, as the Case shall require, for the Space of fourteen Days after the Delivery of every such Notice as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for any five* or more of the said Commissioners, who are or shall be authorised to put the faii recited Act of the sixth* Year of his present Majesty in Execution, to eause every such Grate, Sewer, and Drain, whereof such* Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, to be made qew, corrected, repaired, amended, altered, cleansed* emptied, and reformed, as the Case may require, or so much thereof as shall be neglected to be finished by the said Commissioners of Sewers, the Charges and Expences whereof shall be paid by the Commissioners authorised to put the said last mentioned Act.in Execution*, who shall be reimbursed the same by the Clerk or Expenditor General for the time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers j and in case the said Clerk or Expenditor to the said Commissioners of Sewers shall neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so paid and disbursed, within three Months next after Notice thereof shall be left at the Dwelling-house or last Place of Abode of such Clerk or Expenditor, (which Notice shall he in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners authorised to put the said last mentioned Act in Execution, and annexed to a Bill containing an Account of such Charges and Expences) it shall and may be lawful for any five or more of the said last mentioned Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or eause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Clerk for the time heing, against such Clerk or Expenditor of the said Commissioners of Sewers for the time being, and to recover upon any such Action or Actions, all and every of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been expended by the Commissioners for putting the said last mentioned Act in Execution* for the Purposes aforesaid; in which Action or Actions no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law* or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of Sewers - shall, and they are hereby directed and required, from, and immediately after the passing of this Act, to

keep, for thre future, separate and distinct Accounts of all Monies to be raised or collected by virtue of any Rates or Assessment which shall be made or allowed by the said Commissioners, in each and every Level or District within the Limits aforesaid; and that such Monies shall be, from time to time, paid, applied, dif— bursed, and expended by the said Commissioners, in, and towards the new-making, altering, amending, repairing, cleansing* and reforming the several Sluices, Sewers, Drains, and Grates, within each and every such Level or District wherein the said Monies shall be raised or collected, at the rateable or proportionable Part of such Level or District*Tor and towards the general Charges and Expences attending the Execution of the said Commission, and not otherwise: and that such separate Accounts shall and may be inspected by any Person or Persons charged to the Payment of any such Rate or Assessment, who shall be intitled to have Copies of such Accounts, or any Part thereof, upon Payment of Sixpence for every one hundred Words contained therein.

VII. And whereas some Doubts have arisen, whether the said Commissioners of Sewers are authorised

or impowered to make any new or additional Grates over any Sewer or Sewers, or to repair or alter any of the old Grates therein, or to cast, cleanse, make new, repair, and alter the Common Sewers within their Jurisdiction*. at the Costs and Charges of their Commission It is therefore enacted by the Airho-rity aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of Sewers shall be, and they are hereby authorised an i impowered for the future, to make new.or additional Grates over any Sewer or Sewers, and to repair and liter any of the.cld Grates therein; and tocaft, deanfc, make new, repair, and alter all and every of the Common

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 18. 77

mon Sewers, situate and being in the several Levels or Districts, within the Limits aforesaid, as the Case may require, and from time to time to act'cfs and levy the Charges and Expences thereof, by an Assessment on all the Owners and Occupiers of ail or any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the same Levels or Districts, as to them shall ieem meet to be done; the Right or Claim of any such Owners or Occupiers now set up, or hereafter to be set up, by Prescription or otherwise, for making new or additional Orates over any such Sewer or Sowers, or for repairing or altering any of the old Grates therein, or for calling, cleansing, repairing, or altering the same Common Sewers, at their own private Costs or Charges; or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas by the said rc- Commissionen cited Act it is enabled. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners at their Discretion; and they are hereby required from time to time, to rate and assess, for the Purposes of the said Act, all Parish Churches, Church

Church yards. Chapels, Meeting-houses, Schools, Warehouses, Hospitals, Prisons, and all other pub-

lie Buildings whatsoever, and all dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, situate and being within the said Streets and other Places, at a Rate to be settled by the said Commissioners, not exceeding Sixpence for every square Yard belonging to every such Parish Church, Church-yards, Chapel, Meeting-houser

School, Warehouse, Hospital, Brifon, and other public Building whatsoever, dead Wall and void Space of Ground: And whereas the said Commissioners have, under the Authority of the said Act, rated and afllfled some Churches, Church-yards, public Buildings, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, with-

in the said Streets and Places, by the square Yard, for the whole Content thereof, and others only for the Content of the Street or Ground lying before the same;* Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Cocnmiflidners appointed, and hereafter to be appointed, to put the said recited Commissionen Act in Execution, shall from and after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby required, from time to appointed to put time, to rate and act'cfs, for the Purposes of the said recited Act, all Parish-Churches, Church-yards, Cha- the recited Act pels, Meeting-houses, Schools, Hospitals, Prisons, and all other public Buildings whatsoever, and aJl Execution, dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, situate and being within any of the said Streets and other Places,

in an equal Manner by the square Yard, not exceeding the Rate of Sixpence for every square Yard, lying between the said Fences and the Middle of the Carriage-way lying before such Parish Churches, Churchyards, Chapels, Meeting-houses, Schools, Hospitals, Prisons, public Buildings, dead Walls, and vojd Spaces of Ground, and not otherwise: Provided that no Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors of any such public Buildings as aforesaid, shall be liable to pave or repair the Pavements before such public Buildings respectively 5 any Thing in the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That Herbert Thomas and Richard RuJTely Esquires; Beriah Hills, William Biley, Joseph Collyer\ Richard Bodnia n, Amos An*lesy William Majony Name*.

John Davis, Francis Holmes, Henry Whitt ely William Brownings Nathaniel Nichols, John Varnham, Richard Carpenter Smithy Richard Tomlejy Richard Norfolk y Richard Toyer George LanCy fVilli am Baldwin junior,

Daniel Morgany Janies IVadham, William Holmery Thorold Lowdclf Joseph Bratty Richard Milcsy Richard Benncty Gentlemen, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution the said recited Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the said County of Surrey together with the rest of the Commissioners nominated and appointed by the same Act; and shall be and are hereby authorised and impowered to execute all and every the Powers thereby, or by this present Act, granted and allowed, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been nominated and appointed in the said recited Act.

IX. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be brought or pro- Limitation of ftcuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance or under the Au- Anions, thorny of this present Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the

Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Cause of

Action shall anse, and notclfcwhere 5 and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead

flit General Issue, not guilty, and give this present Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Yi ial to General Jfl*ue.

he had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the

lame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before

limited for bunging the same, or shall be laid in any other County or Place; that then and in such Case or Cases the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a VerJift shall

raU against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have'Preble Costs, and have the Treble Cufli#

like kemeJy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other cases

by Law.

[Public Act.]

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall he taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a Public Act, and all Judges, Justices, a;, J others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify ihe;i fclvrs for Offices and Employments, and to i r«11 ^: 1. * 11 y Jt of the Prrcc and others who have omPicd to r* gftler the ir (^iialilications, wnhm the a

T ane 1 n r: c c fc\ Law; and for g*\ 11 g further Pune for tnoic surpoies.

EXP.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

78 C. 19.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for amending certain of the Mile-ways leading to for making acommodious

Entrance through the Parish of Saint Clement-, for rebuilding or repairing Magdalen Bridge-, for making commodious Roads from the said Bridge, through the University and City, and the Avenues leading thereto; for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement; for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for impowering Colleges and Corporations to alienate their Estates there; for removing, holding, and regulating Markets within the said City; and for other Purposes.

Priamblf.

Act 18 Elb. found infus-f.ciem.

Commissioners

Names*

WHEREAS such of the several Ronds near the University and City of Oxford, usually called the Mile-ways, as are not Part of any Turnpike Road, are in a very bad State and Condition; and the annual Payments directed or mentioned to be paid in lieu of every Yard-land within five Miles of the i laid University and City of Oxford, or the Franchises of the same, by an Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the repairing and amending of the Bridges and High- ways near unto the City of Oxford, have been found insufficient to keep the said Bridges and Roads in Re- pair, although considerable Sums of Money have been raised and added thereto determined by private Contribution: And whereas the Bridge called Magdalen Bride e, over the River Cherwel, near Magdalen College in the University, is in a decayed and very ruinous State; by reason whereof and of its Narrowness, and the Difficulty of Access thereto through the said Parish of St, Clement, it is very incommodious, and danger- ous to Travellers: And whereas the Roads from the said Bridge, through the several Streets in the said University and City, to the great Roads lying on the North, South, and West Sides of the said University and City, are in many Parts so very narrow and incommodious, and so greatly obstructed by Nui- fances and Annoyances, as well as by various Incroachments and Projections, as to render the said Roads inconvenient and dangerous to Travellers: And whereas the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the Parish of St. Clement, are not properly cleansed or lighted; and are much annoyed by Projections and Encroachments, and subject to many Nuisances :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the following Magistrates and Officers, for the time being, of the University of Oxford, and of the Colleges and Halls therein, to wit, the Vice-chancellor, his Aliellor, or Deputy in the University Court, all Heads or Governors of Colleges and Halls, the Canons of the Cathedral Church of Christ, the several Royal Profcflors, and all other University Professors and Prelectors, the Proctors of the University, the Public Orator, the Bodleian and Radclivian Librarians, the Keepers of the University Achieves, the Matters of the Streets, the Register of the University, and the Vice-principals of the several Halls; and also the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Assistants, Bailiffs, Town-clerk, and Solicitor of the City of Oxford for the time being, and such other of the Citizens of Oxford as have now, or hereafter shall have served the Office of Bailiff of the said City; together with the Right Honourable Charles Spencer, commonly called Lord Charles Spencer; the Right Honourable Robert Spencer, commonly called Lord Robert Spencer; the Right Honourable the Lord Viscount JVenman, in the Kingdom of Ireland; the Right Honourable George Simon Har court, commonly called Lord Viscount Nun eh am; the Honourable tVtlliam Har court, the Honourable George Lane Parker, the Honourable Robert Lee, the Honourable Peregrine Bertie, the Honourable Richard iPenman, the Honourable Thomas IVenman, the Honourable John Tracy, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir fames Dashwood, Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Sir Banks Jenkinson, Sir William Stomhovfc, Sir John Pejhal, Sir Francis Knoll vs. Sir Gregory Furrier, Sir Thomas Stafleion, Baror.ets; Sir William Henry AshhurJ}, Sir William Blackjhne, Sir George Nares, Sir Thomas ATundy, Knights; Francis Page, Esquire; P ha rm cl Bacon, Henry Barton, Edward Bentham, Thomas Bray, Richard Broivne, Benjamin Buckler, Daniel Burton, Ralph Cawley, John Chalmers, Thomas Chapman, John Clark, Richard Cujh If il-Ham Dennison, George Dixon, David Dureil, Edward Edwards, Thomas Fry, Thomas Fothergill, William Gower, George Huddesford, George Horne, Richard Huichinjon, Thomas Hunt, Benjamin Halifax, 'joftpb Heare, John Chefner Hey borne, John Jefferys, Benjamin Ken m cot t, Theophilus Leigh, John Long, John Moore, Trcdway Nafl), Thomas Nowell, Henry Parker, Gilbert Parker, Charles Pitkin Jon, Francis Kan-dolph, Thomas Randolph, John Ratcliffe, Chriihpher Robin [on, John Sand ford, IVidiam Sharpe, "Thomas Sharpe, John Tcttie, Ashton Thorpe, Francis JTebber, Thomas JVcjl, Nathan Wetherell, Thomas I Tin eh Jery fjeorge Windham, Benjamin Wheeler, Foley, Doctors in Divinity; Thomas Sever, Richard B> oven y

rTUHam Seward, Samuel Forjler, Joseph Smith, James Stonehcuj'e, Doctors of Law; Suit bin A lee, John Foulkcs, John Kelly, Uhl Ham Lewis, Humphrey Sibthorpe, If'niter Ruding, John Smith, William fhJian, Doctors of Physick; Henry Ashhur/l, John Aubrey, Richard Aubrey, Charles Barrow, Thomas Black all, jJ'n Caillaud, Robert Chambers, Edward Dandridge, WiIlianf Draper, John Foilict, James Hargreaves, John Hacker, Richard Head, Benjamin Holloway, Charles Jenkinson, William Ledwell, John Alorton, J bn Id:me. Lev As Pryfe, Alexander Popham, John Parker, Giles Rooke, George Augustus Sehutz, Har dir?e Straw. John Treacher, James Turnery Robert frjwfttart, Thomas Walker, Francis ITaJlie, Thomas Wl'orvjood, G-vge Z JThitc%

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 19.

JIu da m I V\ I e'hant, Richard IVcdTefon, John Fane, Joseph Bulloch, Charles Bowies, Oil full Brule f, iS1 <#."y //.it'??tun, James Lamb* Thomas Paynten, Sayer, Gascoigne Frcderiih, IP i/ltnm Lent hall, John

i enthad, R iert F<tt\place, Thomas Rodinjon, Loch Rollinson, Farmed:iv Pennystone, Richard Lowndes, John sntier, If t.aam SRnrrr, Jan.es Jones, William Lowndes Stone, William Lou tides, Francis Fine, Henry Aiaj.t:, Phi. ;- Psion, Philip Lybbe Fowls, Esquires; John Adeyne, Henry Blacfy}one, RiJoard Bczo.es, Tho-r .'s L:1\ Jam C:ole% Samuel Cooke, Clayton Crachrrode, John Cox, "John Ch mndler, John Davey, Riehard Da ‘is. Pi mins G ninth, phr.mas I lav hi ns, Benjamin Holloway, Thomas Hot a/by, Lionel Kitkham, John drut y, (ha: les M < timer, John Nap let on, Richard Nicoll, Ralph Nicholson, John Noel, Stef hen Pemberton, Fr‘aneis Rou leu, P ittard Sm i/lwell, Pirmas Treacher, Phipps lleston, Edward Whitmcre, Thomas Wat ton. If an, an: I fr iy> /, Roger If at fin, Thomas Gregory, James Reading, Paulo To 0 lie, Martin Stapleton, Chri/lo-r; 'r / * /, Clctks; William Apph'bee, John An fin, J<:mcs Burrows, Thomas Burrows, James Clarke, C a* :es Cat ns, J ion Curtis, Samuel Cul ey, John Dewe, Henry Drought, Wild " ' ' "

R.Jj'd Fr.

79

ught, James Etty,

Saiiy*, Su/i.url Benwell, Gentlemen; and one Person for each and every of the Colleges and P.irilhcs in the said Lniveility and City, a.to the Subuihs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement, to be deeded in manner herein r mentioned, and tluir Successors, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for nutting this Act in Execution

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Head or Governor of each

College within the said Univ rfity, and the MjIIcis ot Arts, and Persons of superior Academical Degree, or c u &c

liicnt for the time b.ing within Inch College, and on the Foundation thereof, to meet together in their common Dining Hall, or fume other public Place, between the Hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon nr the third Turf lav alter the passing of this Act, or as loon after as conveniently may be, and the major Part or inch Persons then refnlcnr, and there assembled, shall and may proceed to elect one of the Fellow’s, or Maiieisol Arts, or Persons of superior Degree on the Foundation of such their respective College, to be a Commissioner for Inch respective College: And in caTe of an Equality of Votes in ttie Election of a Comm nor.er for any such College respectively, the Head or Governor, or in his Absence his Deputy, or in their Absence, the ItnLr Fellow present, of such College, shall have thecafling Voice; and such Person so elected shall and may cotrinue to act and be a Commissioner for putting in Execution the Powers in this Act contained, timing the Time he shall actually remain a Fellow of such College, or on the Foundation x:\crctd: Provided that when and as often as any of the said Commissioners, to be chosen by their respectac Colleges as aforesaid, shall hnpp n to die, rciign, or refute to act, or his Fellowship, Studentship, or other Place on the Foundation shall become vacant, it shall and may be lawful, within one Month after such Disqualification, Death, 1\ csign.it ion, Refus. I, or Vacancy, ft r toe several Voters in the College of which such Commissioner was a lMcmb *r, to proceed to elect another Commissioner, in manner above mentioned, and so tones quoties, as Occasion shall be or require.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Parishioners in etch 2nd every of the said respective Parishes Commissionm before mentioned, having a Right to vote in the Election of Churchwardens, fh:i11 and may meet together for ti.c p«uh«:( in the Church or Vclby-room belonging to each Parish respectively, between the Hours of nine and twelve

in the Forenoon, on the said third Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon afrer as conveniently may be, and the major Part of such Par ilhioner?, tnen and there alllmbletl, shall and may proceed to the Election of one Person to b a Commissioner as afcref.iid, for such respective Parish: And that in case of an Equality of Votes in the Election of a Commissioner for any such Parish, the Churchwarden (landing ftrlt up>n the Lift of Parish Officers then present, or in cr.!e no Churchwarden shall he pretent, the Person then present who shall stand highest rated to the PooF> Rate in the said Parish, shall have the calling Voice; an i the Name of every such Person elected a Commissioner for each respective Parish shall be entered in a II ok, to be provided and kept for that Purpose, by each respective Parish, in their public Chest.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Perst ns so elected for the said rc- Continuance of spective Parishe% (h dl continue Commissioners until Easier Tuejlay one thousand seven hundred and seven- ,jn^ Comu.if-tvTour, and no longer; and upon the said Ea.der Tuesday in the Year one thousand seven hundred and l,oner*

Itvcr/v-four, c-r within fourteen Days afterwards, new Commissioners shall respectively be elected in m;ui-rcr ulortiaid, by the said Parishioners of each and every of the P.ni(l»<'s before mentioned; and that from thcnci f»rtl» new Commissionera shall forever after be annually elected in hupitt aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the Ant.lorry aft n1 id, "I hat no Person shall be *ion<i

rrp b!c *cting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unleG ne Iliad he in lii> own R gbr, or in corr, 1..ili R gt't of bib U ife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of Lands Tenem nt., r Heieditainei.ts, of the clear vc.trlf \ -!uc <jf u>rty Pounds, ot possessed of or intitled to a personal Estate of cigiit hundred Pounds: And Pm4irV«n Yt-if any iVrfti, not being lo qualified, shall presume to act, every such Person fh.dl, for ev:*rv fuel) Oft n;e, 1 ,f‘ f 1 'fg foricit and pay the ^vim of hfty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall '\i0 for the ft.me; so he reu>- l,'" *" vtrrd in any or his hFjesty’s Courts of Record, by Action of Deer, or on the Case, or by Pfl, ftuit, or Iniurnuiron, wherein no LiToin, Protection, or Wager at Law, or mure thun one Imparlance shall be allowed;

8o

C.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Future Meet

ing*.

lowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall paj

the said Penalty, on Proof given of his having acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

Commissionert

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often at tying or refuting any of the said last mentioned Commissioners, who do not derive their Power from the past or present En-to»a, others to joyment of any Office, or from the Election of any College or Parish, shall die or retufe to aS, then, and

be appointed« in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, whether

official, elective, or other, or any five or more of them, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, to eleS another Person or Persons in the Room of him or them so dying or refilling to aS; and every Person so elected shall have the same Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in Execution, as the Person in whose Stead he shall be eleScd was veiled with.

No Retailer of

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall sell Ale, Wine, Ale or Spirituous or any Spirituous or fermented Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of aSing as a Commissioner, or ex-ofboMing »ny* ecutinS a"V Office under this Act.

Office. 8 y

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners nominated and First Meeting of appointed by, or eleSed in pursuance of this Act, or any seven or more of them, may and shall meet and Commissioneri. assemble in the Town Hall in the said City on the fourth Tuesday after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon, in order to put this Act in Execution; and shall then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn themselves to, and meet at the same Place, or at any other convenient Place* within the said University or City, as they, or the major Part of them present at such Meeting, shall appoint: And if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting, which shall be appointed to be held by the said Commissioners, a sufficient Number thereof to aS, and to adjourn to another Day (two Commissioners being always deemed sufficient for the Purpose of adjourning), or if they shall bitoit or neglect to adjourn; then, and in every such Case, their Clerk, or any three or more of the said Commissioners, shall and may call a Meeting, at the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to be held, on that Day three Weeks, between the Hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon, Notice thereof being given as hereafter is directed.

Ia. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That previous to any Meeting of the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, subsequent to such firit Meeting as aforesaid, Notice shall be given by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and fixed at the South Gate of the Schools of the said Uni-questMeetings. verflty^ an(j a]fQ at the Gate of the Town Hall in the said City, signifying the Time and Place of every such Meeting, two Days at least before every such Meeting.

Commissionerf X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner here-pot to «a where by appointed, or hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be capable of aSing or voting as such, during — -» the Yime he shall enjoy any Office of Profit under, or be concerned in any ContraS made by virtue of this Act, or in any Case wherein he shall be personally interested: And that at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, the Commissioners shall defray their own Expences.

XI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such of the said Commissioners as shall be in the Commission of the Peace, to aS as Justices in the Execution of this Act, within their several and respective Jurisdictions, notwithstanding their being Commissioners.

wmmuiIBntI,

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any nine or mayeredt Turn- more of them, shall cause to be ereSed, one or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in or across pikes and Toll- any Part or Parts of the said Mile-ways, Streets, or Roads hereby directed to be repaired and amended as to them shall seem most proper, and also a Toll-house or Toll-houses adjoining to each of the same respectively; and the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken thereat, of the Person or Persons attending any Cattle or Carriage herein after mentioned, before such Cattle or Carriage Qiall be permitted to pass through the same, or any of them; (that is to say)

Two f>ayi Novice to be given before subse-

interested; and avail Meetings to defray their Own Expences. Commissioners may act as Justices,

Commissioners

houses.

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by (ix Horses or other Cattle, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence.

For every Coach, Chaise, Berlin, Chariot, or other Carriage as aforesaid, drawn by four Horses or other Cattle, the Sum of one Shilling.

For every Coach, Chaise, Berlin, Chariot, or other Carriage, drawn by two Horses, the Sum of Sixpence.

For every Chaise, or other Carriage, drawn by one Horse or other Bead, the Sum of Twopence.

For each Horse, or other Bead, drawing in any Waggon, Cart, Wain, or other Carriage, being a Common Stage Waggon, or travelling for Hire, the Sum of Twopence.

For each fiorfe, or other Bead, drawing in any Waggon, Cart, Wain, or Carriage, not travelling for Hire, or employed in Husbandry, the Sum of one Penny.

And for every other Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of one Penny.

For every Drove of Oxen, or Neat Cattle, Fivepence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which Sums respectively shall be demanded in the Name of and as a Toll, and shall be and are hereby veded in the said Commissioners, and the same and every Part thereof shall be paid and applied in such Manner as is herein after mentioned and directed; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, under their Hands and Seals, shall from time to time nominate and appoint, to demand and take the Tolls or Duties hereby granted and made pay-1 # ' able-;

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 19. 81

able; and also to levy the same upon any Person or Persons liable to pay the same, who shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay such Tolls or Duties as aforesaid, by Distress of any Carriage or Carriages, or Cattle upon which such Tolls or Duties are by this Act imposed, or determined by Distress of any other of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, wheresoever the same may he found, and to detain and keep such Goods and Chattels so distrained until such Tolls and Dut irs, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Keening, shall be paid; and such Person or Persons lo ditlraining, after the Space of four Days after such Distress made and taken, shall and may fell the Goods or Chattels so distrained, returning the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such 'l olls and Duties, and the reasonable Charges for distraining, keeping, and felling the same, flldll be deducted and paid.

XIII. Prov ided nevertheless. That no more than one Half of the Tolls aforesaid shall be demanded or Half Toll for

taken for any Horle or other Cattle drawing in any Waggon, Cart, Wain, or other Carriage, laden with Carriages with Corn only, coming into the said City through any Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates to be erected by the £orn on Market Authority of this Act, upon either of the weekly Market Days there. ay*'

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Tolls to be pai have paid the l olls by this Act granted and ascertained, for the passing of any Cattle or Carriage through b«loncc,n any Turnpike crcdted by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons, upon producing a Note or Ticket of fTouTs* the Day denoting such Payment, shall be permitted to pass and repass through the same Turnpike, and also

through all other Turnpikes erected by virtue of this Act, with the same Cattle or Carriage, Toll free, at any Time or Times during the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next Night 5 which said Note or Ticket the Collectors of the said Tolls are hereby required to give gratis (if demanded) on Receipt of such Tolls.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be charged with any Exemption, of the Toils or Duties aforesaid, for passing through any of the Turnpikes to be crcdted by virtue of this Act, with any Cattle or Carriage going empty for, or drawing or carrying, or returning empty after having drawn or earned, any Materials for repairing the said Roads or Streets; or any Hay or Corn in the Straw, to be laid up in the Pic uses, Outhouses, Barns, or Yards, belonging to the respective Inhabitants of the said University, City, and Suburbs thereof, or the said Parish of Saint Clement; or any Manure or Com-pest to be laid upon Lands or Gardens, or with any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry; or with any Hoi Its or other Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places in any of the Panihes in Oxford aforesaid, or in the said Parish of Saint Clement, or going to be shod or otherwise farried, or returning therefrom; or wfith any Horses or Carriages drawing or carrying the Post Mail or Packet; or attending any Soldiers in their March, or laden with their Arms or Baggage; or travelling with Vagrants sent by legal PaiTcs; or going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to fcive in Parliament for the County of Oxford, or of a Burgess or Burgesses for the said University, or of a Citizen or Citr/cns for the said City of Oxford, on the Day or Days of such Election.

XVI. Provided always, That if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions Penalt> on aforesaid, not being intitled to the same, such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings for claiming i x-each 0<Tence.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall go or pass with any Cattle or Car- u ?’on Prr ri?ge through or over any Land, Ground, or Place, lying by the Side of or near to the said Roads, the Vvo*"5 the same not being a public Highway, in order or with Intent to avoid the Payment of the Tolls by this Act xo.is. granted, or any Part thereof; or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to or receive of any other Person or Persons, any Note or Ticket, with Intent to avoid the Payment of any or any Part of the said Tolls; or if any Person or Persons owning or occupying any Lands, Ground, or Place, not being a public Highway, shall knowingly and wittingly permit or fuller any other Person or Persons to go or pass u it h any Cattle or Carriage through or over such Land, Ground, or Place, in order or with Intent that the Payment of any of the said Lolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall do any other Act in order or with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; such Persons, and every of them, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, over and besides stich Damages and Punishments as they shall be otherwise liable to by Law; to be levied and recovered by such Means and in such Manner as are herein after mentioned and provided for the levying and recovering of Penalties and Forfeitures imposed determined by this Act; one Moiety whereof, when raised, shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as the other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be applied.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Commissioners the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, at a Meeting to be called for that Purpose, (whereof m*>’ re, iu£f ?,r fuuiteen Days Notice shall be given in some public Newspaper, and also fixed on the Turnpike Gate or ril c 1 c 0 Gates to be erected determined by Authority of this Act) from time to time, as they shall see Occasion, to vary, Icf-

f n, and reduce the Tolls by this Act granted, and afterwards railc the same again, so as not to exceed the bums hereby granted; and such Tolls so varied, hilcned, and reduced, shall be colledhd, recovered, and applied in such Manner as the Toils hereby granted are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

XIX. And whereas it will be most convenient for the Public, and also for the said University and City, Mile-way M<i-

thjt the Expenditure of all such annual Sums as now remain payable to the Vice-chancellor and Mayor nin tobecoi.

'and are not disposed of by any former Turnpike Act) for or towards the repairing the said Mile-ways, b.v the

should be under the Direction and Management of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution ;* Com^llicncru Ee it therefore enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of one thousand seven hundred 0010,1 Kluru

8a

Commissionert impowered Co borrow Money,

and mortgage the Tolls for Repayment thereof.

Manner of Transfer*

Oomml/Tirners may farm out the Tolls by the Year.

C. 19. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

and seventy-one, the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the time being shall be, during the Continuance of this Act, and he is hereby conflicted and appointed the Deputy of the said Vice-chancellor and Mayor, for collecting the said annual Sums; and the said Clerk for the time being shall and may demand and receive the said respective Sums of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the time being of each respective Parish and Township; and in Default of Payment thereof, shall and may levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Surveyor or Surveyors, returning the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, after deducting the reout the Charges of such Distress and Seizure: And it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, who shall have paid such Sums, or on whom such Distress shall have been made, to reimburse themselves such Sums so paid or distrained for, by collecting the same of the Persons whose Estates have usually been chargeable therewith, or by any other Means, whereby, according to the Laws now in being. Surveyors of Highways are to be reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for amending the Highways; and the said Clerk of the said Commissioners shall pay the Sums so received by him to the Treasurer of the said Road for the time being, to be applied to the Repairs of the said Mile-ways, and to the other Purposes of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at their first or any subsequent Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to borrow and take up at Interest, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, such Sum or Sums of Money as they, or any seven or more of them, shall think fit; and may and are hereby impowered to demise or mortgage the said Tolls, or any Part or Parte thereof, and the Gates, Tufcipikes, and Toll-houses for collecting the same (the Costs and Charges of such Mortgages to be paid out of such Tolls), as a Security1 to any Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance such Sum or Sums of Money, by the following Words, under their Hands, or by any other Words, to the same or the like Effect, viz.

(C

sc

sc

sc

sc

sc

sc

sc

sc

sc

BY virtue of an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for the more effectual amending such of the Roads as belong to and are Part of the Mile-ways leading to the University and City of Oxford, and other Purposes: Wc of the Commissioners, in consideration of the Sum of to the

Treasurer of the said Turnpikes in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said A<9t* and of the Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll-houses for collecting the same, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum advanced, or to be advanced, on the Credit thereof; to be had and holden from this Day of

in the Year of our Lord for and during the Continuance

of the said Act, unless the said Sum of # with Interest, at the Rate of

per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied."

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in the Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners; but no Money shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Tolls after such first Meeting, unless Notice be for that Purpose fixed in Writing upon all the Turnpikes across the said Road, at least twenty-one Days before the borrowing thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to whom any such Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured, may, from time to time, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, to the said Mortgages, and the said Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, indorsing on the Back of such Security, with or without a Witness, the following Words, or Words to the like Effect:

u T Do transfer this Mortgage, with all my Right and Title to the Principal hereby secured, and to all the Interest now due upon the same, unto his Executors*

Administrators, and Assigns* Dated this Day of G.

And such Transfer and Alignment shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may, in like Manner* assign or transter the same again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who shall have made such Assignment respectively to make void, release, or discharge the original Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned* Creditors on such Tolls, on the Credit whereof such Sum or Sums are advanced, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the prior Advancement of any such Money, or prior Date of any such Mortgage.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, at any Meeting, may and are hereby impowered, upon fourteen Days Notice being given in some public Newspaper usually circulated within the said City, to lease or farm the Tolls by this Act granted, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at and for the largest yearly Sums that can be got for the same; provided that such Lettings and Agreements be made in Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons taking or farming any such Tolls, and by the Commissioners that let the same* and be not made for more than three Years at a Time; and that the Money which shall be so agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable and shall be paid to the Treasurer for the time being, or

A* D. I77T. Anno iindecimo Georgii III. C. 19. 83

to such Person or Persons as they, or any fifteen or more of them, shall I appoint, by Quarterly Payments: The Lease or A-And if any Letting or Agreement for the said Tolls, or any Part or Purs thereof, shall be made, and any grecroentro be Jdefault shall be made in paying the Money agreed to be paid, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, then every such Letting and Agreement shall be void, and the Person or Persons to \v ;or.i ti'.e Aid I oiis p^:nrenJ*f Mo-shall be so let shall be liable to account for the same, and to have the same levi.ti and lecovc red; r. and rry> and the

of him, her, or them, by such Ways and Means, and in the same Manner, as is by this Act ebred d :nu- L-iico account* ccrning the accounting for other Monies by the Collectors or Receivers thereof, and the levying aid re-Recovering the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or nr.y f< v^n Comm'ffo-crf or more of them, shall and may, at their first or any susbequent Meeting, appoint one or more (Jle k or miJ 2FFuinl 0*m Clerks, and Treasurer or Treasurers, and Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, Surveyor or Surveyors, ce,s* and such other Officer or Officers for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper; and from time to time remove him or them, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or shall die, or shall otherwise relinquish or discontinue such Office; and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, make such Allowances to the said Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed in the Execution of this A cl, as they, or any seven or more of them, shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners, or any seven taIce $ecu* or more of them, shall and may take such Security from their Treasurer and other Officers, for the due nty* Execution of their respective Offices, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper: And all such Officers and Persons shall, under their Hands (at such Time and Times, and in such Officers to de-hlanner, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct) deliver to such Commis- ,iver in wrillcn sioners, or such Person or Persons as they, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint, true and perfect Commissioners Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also comnu lone 9 of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, received by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disburied, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain ill th cir respective Hands to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint: And all the said Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath, and fw^r ibcy if thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them (which Oath the said Com- are jjft: missioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer) verify their said Accounts: And if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath, any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid; then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Commissioners, or any seven or more of on PrfuCi!, may them, may, and are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, an Action or Ac- be. f"ed b> c rations, in the Names of such Commissioners, or in the Name or Names of any two or more of them, against m,irioner>* &c* the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or by any seven or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County or City, such Justices may and are hereby authorised or brought be-and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Officer or Officers, forc lw0 01 mor* Person or Persons, so refusing and neglecting, to be brought before them, and, upon his and their appear- Just*ccl* ing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way: And if, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may and are hereby authorised and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Per- Forma*of son or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining Diflrffs, Offi-for the same 5 then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to ccr‘ ma-the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County or City, there to remain without Bail or con, mittc Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfc& Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition, in such Manner as they shall appoint; which Composition the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to make.

XXIV. Provided always, That as often as any Collector of the Tolls shall die, resign his Office, or be editor(Mns incapable of performing his Duty, it shall be lawful for any seven or more of the said Commissioners (of or incipji K v.-hom the Vice-chancellor and Mayor, or their Deputies, to be always two) though not assembled at any another *‘tr :>n Meeting pursuant to this Act, by any Writing under their Hands, to appoint another Person to collect10 *rrvuut(\ sinh Tolls, and such Person shall continue to collect the same, until the Commissioners shall, at a Meeting

to be held in pursuance of this Act, appoint a Collector; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwit hft and ing.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who shall be employed Off cm nr so as a Clerk, Treasurer, Collector, or Surveyor, or any other Officer or Servant w ho shall be any ways take Fee or Re. employed by the said Commissioners in putting this Act, or any of the Powers thereof, in i xecution, shall ot!’ T txad), take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Re-*,^n lhc,r Sa * Waxds, as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any liven or more

M a of

C. 19.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

nor to be m-tererted in any Contract, &c. under the Penalty of 50 1.

Tolls how to be applied.

of them, for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever, relative to the putting this Act in Execution; or shall any ways be concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contract made or to be made by the said Commissioners, or any of them, for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execution; every such Person so offending shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed under this Act; and shall, over and above, forfeic the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Kill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, within six Calendar Months after the Offence committed; in which said Suit, no ElToin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That out of the first Money arising by the Tolls and Duties which

Commissioner* impowered to widi

*c.

light Days previous Notice be-

shall be colleiled by virtue of this Act, or out of the Money which shall be borrowed on the Credit thereof, and out of the Rates or Assessments herein after directed to be made, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, in the first place, pay and discharge all the Expences and Charges of procuring and passing this Act; and shall apply the Remainder of the Money so raised in erecting a Gate or Gates, urn-pike or Turnpikes, and Toll-house or Toll-houses, and in repairing, widening, turning, or altering the several Mile-ways not included in any Turnpike Act; in rebuilding or repairing and widening the said Bridge; in repairing and paving the Roads and Streets which lead from Magdalen Bridge to the two great Roads on the North Side of the City of Oxford, leading respectively, the one to Birmingham and li/rdrcester, the other to Banbury; and also to the great Road on the West Side of the said City, leading to Gloucester and Bath; and also to the great Road on the South Side of the said City, leading to Abingdon, Newbury* and Southampton; which said Roads and Streets are particularly enumerated and described in the Schedule hereto annexed, intituled, The Fir/l Schedule, in purchasing such Ground, Houses, Buildings, and other Erections, as shall be found necessary or wanting for the widening, turning, or altering all or any Parts of either of the said Mile-ways, or the said Roads and Streets so directed to be paved and repaired as aforesaid; and in defraying the necessary Costs, Charges and Expences attending the Execution of the Powers relating thereto; and to such other Purposes as are herein directed, and to no other Uie or Purpose whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to treat for and purchase the Houses, Gates, Shambles, Buildings, Grounds,

wisent c oa s, an(j £states) within or near the said University, City, and Suburbs, and the Parish of Saint Clement, mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, intituled, The Second Schedule, in order to widen, turn, and alter the said Mile-ways, Roads, or Streets, hereby directed to be repaired, paved, and amended; and to make such Satisfaction as they shall think reasonable for any the Loss or Damage the Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons interested, or any of them, shall sustain by such widening, turning, or altering any of the said Mile-ways, Roads, or Streets; and also to order and direct the said Bridge, called Magdalen Bridge, to be pulled down, widened, repaired, or rebuilt, and the said Mile-ways, Roads, or Streets, to be amended, paved, raised, sunk, altered, or repaired, when and in such Manner as they shall think fit.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not have Power to purchase any such Houses, Gates, Shambles, Buildings, Ground, and Estates, within or near the said

MSrct!ngnfo°r that University, City, or Suburbs, or the said Parish of Saint Clement, by virtue of this Act, unless eight Days Purpose. public Notice be previously given in the Oxford Journal, or some other public Paper, and also at the Schools and Town Hall, of a Meeting to be held for that Purpose; nor shall any Gates, Houses, Shambles, or other Buildings, be pulled down, or Grounds or Estates be thrown open, in consequence of any Order for that Purpose, unless three Months Notice (at the leaftj shall be given to the Owners and Occupiers of the same respectively, to enable them to provide themselves accordingly.

Owners of

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Nouirs, cates, fa a]j persons whatsoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, who &c*Impowered*are or be or intitled in their own Right, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust, Femes Covert, Guar-

to fell the frme. dians, and Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, Executors and Administrators, and* Guardians whatsoever*.

3 not only in Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and in Behalf of their Cestuique

Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whatsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any such Houses, Gates, Shambles, Buildings* Grounds, or Estates, to contract for, fell, convey, or surrender to the said Commissioners, or any fifteen-or more of them, or to any Person or Persons they shall appoint, in Trust for them, all or any fuclv Houses, Gates, Shambles, Buildings, Grounds, or Estates, or any Part thereof, or any Term for Years* or any Estate or Interest therein; and that all such Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Alignments* Surrenders, and other Conveyances which shall be so made as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, not only to convey the Estate of the Person or Persons conveying*, but also all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Cestuique Trulls, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whatsoever, and all Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under them;, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Bodies Corporate or Col^ legiate, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid interested in such Houses, Gates, Shambles, Buildings, Grounds, or Estates, upon Notice to them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant or Tenants in Post'ession of the Houses, Gates, Shambles, Buildings, Grounds, or Estates, so to be taken in and made into Part of the said Milo-ways* Roads, 3 oc

Proprietor* re-sufi^e to treit with the Commissioners, a J.iry to determine D1 derail-

85

A.D. 1770. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 19.

or Streets, flnll, by the Space of one Calendar Month next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid* neglect or rclufj to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented^ from treating; then, and in every or any such Case, the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, shall cause it to be enquired into, and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Oxford, (which Oath any Justice of the Peace for the said County or City of Oxf ord is hereby impowered to administer) what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or Proprietors, or other Persons, for or on account of the said Houses, Gates, Shambles, Buildings, Grounds, or Estates taken into or for the widening the said Mile-ways, Roads, or Streets; and in order thereto, the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, are hereby required and impowered, from time to time, as often as Occasion shall be, td summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Persons whatsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, touching or concerning the Premises, (which Oath any Justice of the Peace for the said County or City of Oxford is hereby required to administer); and they shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the said Premises in qmflion, if there be occasion, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s better information in the Premises, as they the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall so have enquired of, and ascertained and settled the Recompence or Value, they the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so afiefled by the said Jury, to be paid to the Owners or Proprietors of, or Persons interested in the said Houses, Gates, Shambles, Buildings, Grounds, or tllates, according to the Verdict of the said Jury; which said Verdict, Judgement, Order, or Determination so had and made, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons-whomsoever, claiming in Post'elfion, Remainder, or Expectancy, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well a blent as present, Infants, Femes-covert, Idiots, Lunaticks, Cestuique Trusts, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, as well as all and every other Person whomsoever; and all and every such Owners, Occupiers, and Proprietors, and all and every Person or Persons any ways interested in such Houses, Gates, Shambles, Buildings, Grounds, or Estates shall, upon Payment or Pender of the Sum or Sums of Money so aficifed as aforesaid, be thereby and from thenceforth to all Intents and Purposes divested of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property of, in, to, or out of the same,

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the summoning and returning Commissioner* such Jury or Juries, the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, are hereby impowered to iiluc may, frue War* out their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the said County of Oxford, thereby requiring him to im- ^VTa 7m7/* pannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said Com- J Frmfioners, or any fifteen or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed;

and the said Sheriff', or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return twenty-four such Persons as aforesaid; and out of the Persons so impannelled and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to such Summons, the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, shall cause to be (worn before a Justice of the Peace for the County or City of Oxford aforesaid, twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jury-n.en, the fail Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of twelve.

XXXII. Provided always* and be it further enacted, W hat all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Perfomcon* Challenges, from time to time, against any of the Jurymen when they come to be (worn; and that the said cJ-r"ed may Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, acting in the Premises, shall have Power, from time to of^hcTury."^ time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or Sheriffs, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiff's JU

or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury not appearing, or refusing to be Iworn on the said Jury, or being sworn, refilling to give, or not g ving their Verdict concerning the same, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty tnerfin, contrary to the true intent and Meaning of this Act: And if any Person or Persons, who being Perronsrefufing* required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the said Premises, shall rcfule to be examined, or to to give? Evidrnco give Evidence touching the same, the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, shall and may to forfeit 5 U impose such Fine or bines. Penalty or Penalties, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds on each Person, as f he laid Commissioners, or any filteen or more of them, shall think fit; to be levied, recovered, and applied, in M-.nner herein-alter mentioned.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Sum and Sums of Money, Consideration, Money a*rcr<p or Satisfaction, to be agreed for as aforesaid, shall be, and is and are hereby charged and chargeable upon tot chargeable the Monies which shall be received, raised, or borrowed by virtue of, or upon the Credit of the said Tolls, upon and ftull be paid thereout accordingly to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and that upon Payment or Tender thereof to such Persons, or their Agents, and Refitful to accept the same, then upon leaving the same in the Hands of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and after three Calendar Months Notice thereof given to such Persons, or their Agents, to receive such Monks,

Confide ration, or Satisfaction, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agenrs, to take into the said Mile-ways, Roads, or Streets, the Ground, whereon such Houses, Gates, Shambles, or Buildings are now (landing, and a'lo the find Grounds or Etfates so to be purchukd, and do every Act with relation thereto, as they, or any nine or more of them, fn.di think fit^; and alter the said Purchase of the said Houses, Gates, Shambles, Buildings, Grounds, or EtUtcs* and lender of Payment as aforesaid the lame shall be laid or made into, and deemed to be, a*

S6

Old Road may be fold.

Application of the Money arising by such Sale.

Expencei of the Juries and Wit-oeflei how to be paid.

Part of St. Clement’s Churchyard may be taken into the Road

A temporary Road and Bridges may be erected.

Persons maliciously damaging the Bridges or Works belonging to them*

guilty of Felony.

Commissioners may sell old Pavement and other Materials.

C. 19. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Part of the said Mile-ways, Roads, or Streets, for ever after, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and in all Respects in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall think fit and expedient: And in case any Part of the Land constituting the former Roads comprised within this Act, shall become useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of a common or public Highway, the same shall be veiled in, and shall and may be exchanged or sold by the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, for the best Price that can be gotten for the same; and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied and disposed of for the repairing of the said Road, and other the Purposes of this Act; and the Conveyance to be made of such Land being executed by the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, and inrolled with the Clerk of the reace for the said County of Oxford, shall be good and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Jury or Juries to be summoned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Act, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Monies, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property, of any Person or Persons, in any such Houses, Gates, Shambles, Buildings, Grounds, or Estates, than what shall have been agreed to, and offered by the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, before the summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses concerning the ascertaining and determining the Value of any such Right, Property, or Interest, in any such Premises, all the Expences attending the hearing and determining the same shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, out of the Monies to be collected by virtue of this Act; but if any Jury or Juries, so to be summoned and sworn as aforesaid, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more, or for less Monies than shall have been agreed to, and offered by the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, (before the summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries) as a- Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, in any such Premises, that then the fullCofts and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expectes the Justices, in their Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the said County of Oxford, shall have Power to tax, settle, and ascertain, for the Benefit of either Party, who shall eventually be intitled to the same, and shall be either added to or deducted out of the Consideration to be paid for such Purchase.

XXXV. And whereas the Church-yard of the Parish of St. Clement aforesaid is so inconveniently situated, as to render the Road veiy narrow, incommodious, and dangerous to Travellers, and it may therefore become necessary and expedient, in the Execution of this Act, to take away and lay open Part thereof;’ Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, according to their Discretion, to take in and lay open such Part of the said Church-yard as shall be thought necessary to be laid open and allotted to the said public Road, they the said Commissioners, in case they shall take in and lay open any Part of the said Church-yard, purchasing (which they are hereby impowered to do) out of the Monies arising from the said Tolls, and making an Allotment of Ground adjacent to the said present Church-yard, at least one third more in Quantity than what shall be so taken away; which Ground so to be purchased by the said Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be thereafter used as a Church-yard or Burying-ground for the said Parish of St. Clement, and shall be vested, by virtue of this Act, in the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors; and he and they shall be seised thereof, as in his and their Demesne, as of Fee, in Right of the Parish Church of Su Clement aforesaid; and shall have and be intitled to such Burial or other Fees (if any) in respect thereof, as have been usually and of Right accustomarily paid for and in respect of such Part of the said Churchyard as shall be laid open and allotted to the said Road.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall and may open and make a temporary Road or Way near Magdalen Bridge aforesaid, to communicate with the Mile-way, and may also erect and build a temporary Bridge or Bridges (which said temporary Bridge or Bridges, and Road, are to be made use of by all Passengers with Carriages and Cattle, as a public Highway, whilst the said Bridge is building or repairing, and until the same is compleated): Provided that such Satisfaction shall be made to the Owners or Occupiers of such Ground respectively through, over, or along which such Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively, shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them: And in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Commissioners, touching such Damages, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace, at their next general Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at their second general Quarter Sessions at the farthest, to be holden for the said County of Oxford, to hear, settle, adjudge, and finally determine the same, and direct the Payment thereof acordingly.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously burn, blow up, pull down, remove, take away, or otherwise damage or destroy any of the said Bridges, or any Part thereof; or shall wilfully and maliciously remove, take away, damage, or destroy any Works or Materials to the said Bridges, or of any of them belonging or provided for the building or repairing of the same, and situate, lying, or being in, near, or upon the said Bridges or River, or any of them; or shall wilfully or maliciously direct or procure the same to be burnt, blown up, pulled down, removed, taken away, or otherwise damaged or destroyed; every such Offender, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be judged guilty of Felony, and shall be liable to be transported for seven Years.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, to sell and dispose

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 19. 87

of all or any Part of the old Bridge, Pavement, or other Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the same, and to apply the Purchase money to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fourth Tuesday officeofSunrey. after the passing this Act, the Office of Surveyor of the Highways for any Parish or Parishes within the or of the High-laid University and City, or the Suburbs thereof, having no public Roads or Highways but what are hereby wa*,to ceifc* directed to be paved and repaired under the Care of the said Commissioners, shall cealc and determine.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or Commissionrrt ir»o:e of them, may, and are hereby impowered, from time to time, at any of their said Meetings, as malt* Con* Occ^ilon shall require, to contract with any Person or Persons for rebuilding or repairing the said Bridge, and making or amending any of the said Roads, and for paving and keeping in Repair the said Streets hereby directed to be paved and repaired; which Contraft and Contrafts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be mmpleated, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non-performance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works; but, previous to the making of any such Contraft, fourteen Days Notice shall be given in the Oxford Journal^ or other public Newspaper usually circulated in the said City and County of Oxford, exprelhng the Intention of such Contraft, in order that any Persons, willing to undertake the same, may make Propofols for that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Commissioners at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for surveyor* to 10-the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby directed to cause all and every lyed the Works* the Works done in pursuanccof this Act to be inspected by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall, from time to time, appoint; and in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently performed, according to the true Sense and Meaning of such Contraft or Contrafts, or shall not be finished and completed at or within the Time or Times that the same are agreed to be completed by the said Contraft or Contrafts, the said Commissioners shall and may, in their own Names, or in the Names of any two of them, bring an Action in any of his Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster% against any Person or Persons so contracting and neglecting to perform such Contraft or Contrafts, and for any Penalty or Penalties, Damage or Damages, which shall be contained in such Contraft or Contrafts; and upon proving the signing of the said Contraft or Contrafts, and Non-performance thereof, at the Time or Times for the Purposes therein mentioned, the said Commissioners shall be intitled to and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties, Damage or Damages, which, when recovered, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or their Surveyor, or such other Person or Power to dig Persons as they or he shall employ and appoint, having an Order in Writing under the Hands of the said Gravel and get Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for that Purpose, may, and is and are hereby impowered to Maienal,» cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away, any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials proper for the raising and repairing the said Streets, and for making and repairing the said Roads, out of and from any waste Ground or Common, River or Brook, in any Parish, Town, or Place, in or within three Miles of which any Part of the said Road or Streets do lie, without paying any Thing for the same, such Surveyor or other Persons filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the filling up the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the same Pltl* &c# may not he dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also the said Surveyor, or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, featch for, dig, gather, take, and carry away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from and over the Lands of any Person or Persons (not being a Yard, Garden, Park, Paddoc, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery lor Trees), paying or tendering to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands for the same, and for the Damage done to such private Lands over which any Materials gotten in any waste Ground, Common, River, or Brook, or private Ground, shall be conveyed, such Equivalent in Money as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Commissioners, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons appointed and employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Payments and Damages as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace, at their next general Quarter Session, or at the fcconu general Quarter Session at the farthett, to be hidden in and for^hc County wherein such Difference fluli arile, on six Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by either Party to the other, shall hear, let tie, and determine the Matter of such Payments and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any penalty for in-Time or Times obstruct, hinder, or moled any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, terming Workmen, Person or Persons whatsoever, who is or shall he employed by virtue of this Act (in the Per- Wuikmcn. formance or Execution of their Duty), every such Person lo orknding (lull, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, for the second Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, and for every other Offence the Sum of three Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the paf- Evince of pjt-sing of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have full Power and Autho- i g the $tmn rity, and are hereby required, from time to time, yearly and every Year, during the Continuance of this ho* t©be bon*. Act, to rate and assess the Sum of Sixpence (and no more) upon all Colleges, Halls, Parish Churches, Church-yards, Chapels, and other public Buildings whatsoever; as also all Meeting-houses, dead Walls,

83

C. 19.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

By whom prnces of paving the Fronts of Colleges, &C* to be paid.

Expences paid by Tenants to be dedufL’d out of their Rents*

Houses let to more than one Tenant, any one deemed the Occupier.

Tenants removing i.ef re Charges paid.

Frrmife*, ire. to be a Security for the same.

Tenant p ying more for Charges than shall be cue

and all void Spaces of Ground, and upon the Owners or Proprietors of all Houses, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situated on the Sides of, or which form the said Sticcts hereby dir£<sted to be paved and repaired for every Yard, running Measure, of the Front or Fronts, Length or Lengths of such Colleges, Halls, Parish Churches, Church-yards, Chapels, and other public Buildings, Meeting-houses, dead Walls, void Spaces of Ground, Houses, Yaids, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; which said Rate or Assessment shall be in lieu of the Repairs heretofore done by or chargeable upon such Colleges, Halls, Parish Churches, Church-yards, Chapels, and other public Buildings, Meeting-houses, dead Walls, void Spaces of Ground, Houses, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and shall be applied in Aid of the 'Foils hereby granted, for the several Purposes to which such Tolls are hereby directed to be applied, and to no other Ule or Purpose.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Rates or AlVefiments for and in respect of the said Pavement to be laid upon any public or other Building, belonging to the said University or City, shall be paid to the Collectors for the time being, appointed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, by the Vice-chancellor and Mayor respectively and the Rates or Alleffmems so to be laid upon any College or Hall, shall be respeCbvely paid, as aforesa^l, by their respective Burfars, or other Officers employed in or usually receiving the Rent of their respective Estates; and the Rates or AfllTlments to be laid upon any Parish Church, Chapel, or Church-yard, shall be paid, as aforesaid, by the respective Church or Chapel-wardens; and the Rates or Assessments to be laid upon any Meeting-houses shall be paid, as aforesaid, by the Minister and Deacons, or other Persons usually officiating the rein: And if such Vice-chancellor, Mayor, Burfar, or other Officer, or such Church or Chapel-warden, Minister, Deacon, or other Person, shall refuse or mgledt to pay the same upon Demand; then, and in every such Case, such Rates or Assessments shall and may be recovered of and from the Person or Persons so required to pay the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to be commenced and prosecuted by and in the Name of the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer; in which Action or Suit no Flloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XLVI. And be it funher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Rates or Assessments to be borne and defrayed by the said Owners and Proprietors of Houses, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be paid to the Collector for the time being, appointed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, by the Tenants or Occupiers of the said Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and such Tenants and Occupiers shall be at Liberty, and they are hereby impowered to deduct and retain out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall respectively pay on account thereof, for the Owners or Proprietors of the said Houses, Buildings Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, who are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments, upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rents: And if any Tenant or Occupier of any House, Building, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, in the said University and City, or Suburbs, shall neglect or refuse to pay such Rates or Assessments within ten Days after Demand thereof, by Notice in Writing, under the Hand of the said Collector, to be delivered to or left at the Dwelling-house or usual Place of Abode of such Tenant or Occupier, the same shall and may be levied on every such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County or City of Oxford\ returning the Overplus (if any) of the Monies to be raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting all Costs and Charges attending the same, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels so distrained, on Demand: And where any House, Building, Yard, Garden, Piece of Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, shall be let or demised to more than one Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, any one or more such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be deemed the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Rates or Assessments shall be levied by Distress and Sale of all or any of the Goods or Chattels in such House, Building, Yard, Garden, Piece of Land, Tenement, or Hereditament: And in case any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall remove out of such House, Building, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament before such Rates or Assessments shall be paid by him, her, or them, or if the Goods and Chattels of such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be deficient to defray such Rates or Assessments, or if it shall happen any of the said Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, shall be empty or untenacted; then, and in every such Case, such Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be, and the same are hereby made a Security for and chargeable with all such Rates or Assessments; and the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale (by Warrant as aforesaid) of any Goods or Chattels which shall after be found in or upon the same Hou fes, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Owners of such Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in case such Owner or Owners shall neglect or refuse to pay the same for the Space of twenty Days next after the same shall be demanded of him, her, or them, by Notice in Writing, under the Hand of the said Collector, to be delivered to or left at the Dwelling-house or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Owners, in case such Owner or Owners shall live within the said City or Suburbs; and in case such Owner or Owners shall not live within the said City or Suburbs, then under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Borough, Town, Division, or Place where such Owner or Owners shall reside: And in case any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, dull pay to the said Collector any more Money on account of the Did

Rates

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 19.

Rates or Assessments than shall he due from him, her, or them, for the Rent of his, her, or their House, Building, Yard, Garden, Lund, Tenement, or Hereditament, the Overplus thereof shall and may be levied on the Owner or Owners of such House, Building, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, by Dillrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Borough, Town, Division, or Place where such Goods and Chattels shall be, such Owner or Owners having refused or neglected to pay the same for the Space of ten Days after Demand made thereof by such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, his or their Attorney or Agent for that Purpose appointed.

XLVII. And whereas some Doubts may hereafter arise, who shall be deemed the Owner or Owners c of the several Houses, Buildings, Yards, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the find University, City, and Suburbs, and the said Parish of Saint Clement, for the Purposes, and within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act;’ For removing whereof, be it further enacted, That neither the Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars of the University, nor any College or Hall, nor the Mayor, Bailiff's, and Commonalty of the City of Oxford^ or any other Person or Persons shall, on account of any Ground-rent, or other Acknowledgement, Sum or Sums of Money, in Natur#of a Ground-rent, or Rents certain, issuing out of or payable for any Messuage, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament in the said University. City, and Suburbs, and the said Parish of Saint Clement, or on account of their Reversion or Intend of or in the Messuage, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, for which such Ground-tent, Acknowledgement, Sum or Sums of Money shall be payable, be considered, deemed, taken, or adjudged to be the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Messuage, Yard, Garden, Land:;, Tenements, or Hereditaments; but the Leftee or Lessees of the said Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the said University, or of any College or Hall, or of the said Mayor, Bailiff's, and Commonalty, or of such other Person or Persons, or their Assigns, shall, during the Existence of the Term for which such Messuage. Yard, Garden, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be demised, be considered, deemed, taken, and adjudged, for all and every the Purposes of this Act, to be the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Messuage, Yard, Garden, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and shall, during such Term, bear and pay all Expences and Impositions whatsoever, by Force or Virtue hereof, to be borne or defrayed by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Messuage, Yard, Garden, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any-wise notwithstanding

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement between any Landlord and Tenant, or between any Bodies Politic or Corporate, and any other Person or Persons, touching or concerning the paving or repairing the said Streets, or any Part of them, or either of them; but that every Person, Body Politic or Corporate, who is or are pow, by virtue of any such Contract or Agreement, obliged to pave, or keep in Repair any Part of the said Streets, or either of them, shall, in luu thereof, be obliged to pay the Sums of Money hereby directed to be paid and levied, or so much thereof as shall, by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, be deemed just and reasonable, according to the true Meaning of such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during such Time as such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement shall remain in Force; and in case any Dispute shall arise concerning such Covenant, Contract, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them. Cull h ive Power, and they are hereby required to hear and finally determine the same.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the puffing this Act, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, to cause, order, and direct, not only the said Bridge, Roads, or Streets herein before directed to be paved and repaired, but also all other the public Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places within the said University, City, or Suburbs, and the said Parish of Saint Clement, to be cleansed and lighted in such Manner as they shall think necessary; and that for defraying the Charges and Expences attending the cleansing and lighting thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, in every Year after the passing of this Act, or oftener, if they, or any seven or more of them, shall think it necessary, (the first Year to be computed from the read Day of Saint John the Baptist next after the passing of this Act, and every succeeding Year from the said Day in every Year respectively) to make one or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, upon all Colleges, Hulls, Parish Churches, Church-yards, Chapels, and other public Buildings whatsoever; as also upon all Meeting-houses, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground; and upon the Tenants or Occupiers of all Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said University, City, and Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement, so as such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessment*, do not exceed in the Whole in any one Year, to be computed as aforesaid, the Sum of eighteen Pence for every Yard running Measure of the Front or Fronts, Length or Lengths of such Colleges, Halls, Parish Churches, Church-yards, Chapels, and other public Buildings, Meeting-houses, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, as are next to such Streets, Lanes, Ways, PalTjgcs, and Places; whuh Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, laid upon any Colleges, Halls, Parish-churches, Church varcL, Chapels, and other public Buildings and Meeting-house<, shall be paid by the fiver.il and respective Persons in such Manner, and with the like Remedies in case of Non-payment, as are herein before directed for and in respect of the Pavement chargeable on Colleges, Halts, Parish-churches, Cnurdi-yards, Chapels, and other public Buildings and Meeting-houses respectively; and which Rate or Rates, Assessment or Af.cH-VcL. XI. N names,

89

for Rent, the Overpljs to bi made good by the Landlord.

Who rtullbe deemed Owners.

Agreement between landlord and Tenant, &c. touching the Pavrment not vacated.

Ch irgvt of

cleansing: and lietitin* Mreetf, &c. so be bnrne by Occupied*

90

Nothing this Act ro extend to any College Courts.

Appeal allowable ag*in& the &*ues.

Prtorbow-fa-

*oui«d.

Fcnt*paf ht iwept ev. ry Day except Sundays.

[Penalty.]

Streets to be* Jwrpt t aIw a

c C/v.

No Person to <*rry away Soil, »xcept Contractor.

Penalty*

Per Ton' at Liberty to keep or Wpose of Dung frad? i kept nothin their Louies or Yards.

C. 19.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

ments, hereby directed to be laid or charged upon the Tenants or Occupiers of all Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall and may, in case of Non-payment, be levied and recovered in such Manner, and with the like Remedies as are herein before directed, for and in respect of the Pavement chargeable on the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments on the Sides of, or which form the Streets hereby directed to be paved and repaired as a fore fa id.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend to the inlide of any Court or other Place within any College or Hall in the said University of Oxford, or other public Building, or to the Parish of Binfey within the Suburbs of the said City.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, made in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall apply for Relief to the fa;J Cofj^mistioners, at any Meeting to be held within twenty-one Days next after Demand made of such Ratj or Rates, Assessment or Afldlments; and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them* are hereby authorised and impowered, if they shall think such Person or Persons aggrieved, to gtve such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem necessary; and if such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall no*be satisfied with the Determination of such Commissioners, he, she, or they shall be obliged to pay such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments*-and to comply with such Order of the said Commissioners, and then shall and may appeal to the Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said County or City of Oxford, within fix. Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given eight Day9 Notice at the lead, in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and within four Days next after such Notice, entering,-or causing a Recognizance to be entered into, before some Justice of the Peace for such County or City, by two sufficient persons or Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Older of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Session; and the said Justices of such Quarter Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper and the Determination of such Justices, at their Quarter Sessions, shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rate or Assessment for sweeping, cleansing, or lighting, shall be charged upon any Person or Persons who, by Reason of his, her, or their Poverty or Inability only, is, are, or shall be excused and left out of the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of any Parish in the said City or Suburbs, or Parish of Saint Clement, wherein he, she, or they, shall refute.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons inhabiting within the said University, City, Suburbs, and Parish of Saint Clement, shall, from and after the fourth Tuesday.ntxt after the passing of this Ac>, sweep and clean, or cause to be iwept and cleansed, the Foot-paths, extending at least four Feet before their respective Houses, Buildings, and Walls, between the Hours of fix and ten in the Forenoon, Sundays excepted, upon Pain of forfeiting five Shillings for every Neglect therein.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons contracted with for cleansing the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and all other public Places, shall sweep, clean, and carry away, or cause to be swept, cleansed, and carried away, the Dirt and Soil in and out of all the Streets. Lanes, and Passages, and all other public Places within the said University and City, and Suburbs, and Parish of Saint Clement, twice in every Week, on such Days as shall be appointed by the Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, upon Pain of forfeiting twenty Shillings for every Neglect therein.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall take or carry away, or cause to be taken or carried away, any Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Muck, Dung, or Manure which shall be made in any or either of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or other public Places in the said University, City, and Suburbs, and Parish of Saint Clement, out of the same, besides the Persons so to be contracted with or appointed as aforesaid for such Purpose by the said Commissioners, upon Pain of forfeiting and paying the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Offence.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Filth, Dung, or Rubbish, which any of the Inhabitants of the said University, City, or Suburbs, or Parish of Saint Clement, shall occasion and think fit to preserve and keep within their own respective Houses, Yards, or Gardens; but the same shall respectively belong to the Person or Persons so reserving the same, so as such Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Filth, Soil, Dung, or Rubbish, be not laid down or placed in any or either of the said Streets, Lanes, or public Passages, and Places in the said University, City, or Suburbs, or the said Paiifti of Saint Clement^ for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the loading and carrying away the lame, nor suffered to annoy the Neighbour or Neighbours of such Person or Persons; but in case the Person or Persons so reserving such Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Filth, Soil, Dung, or Rubbish, shall thereby annoy his or their Neighbour or Neighbours, and shall continue to keep and preserve the same for the Sp*ce of three Days, after Notice in Writing given to him* her, or them, under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or left at such Person’s Dwelling-house, to remove the same, such Person or Perons shall forfeit and p.v the Sum of ten Shillings a Day, for every Day such Annoyances shall be permitted to-remain, next after such Notice given as atoieiaid.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 19. 91

LVII. Provided always, That no Person shall be fuhie£i to the last mentioned Penalty of ten Shillings, Prnifty net to f *r any Rubbish or Dirt in the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or public Places, or any of them, before the extend Huh. House or Tenement of such Person occasioned by the Building, pulling down any Building, rebuilding, or ^,h ®.^r,^ned repairing, any such House or Tenement, so as there be convenient Room left in the same Street, Lane,

Portage, or Place, where such Rubbish or Dirt shall lie, for Carriages to pass and repass, and a sufficient Way kept clean for Foot-pafibngers, by the Person laying or occasionitrg such Dirt or Rubbish to be laid; nor for the making up any Lime into Mortar in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, so as fui h Room be left for Foot-pulsengers and Carriages, and so as such Lime be inclosed before such Mouse or Building about which the same is to be used, and so as the Owner or Owners of such House or Tenement In fore u hich such Rubbish or Lime shall lie shall cause the lame to be removed out of the said Street, Lane,

PatLge, or Place, at his, her, or their own Costs and Charges, within a reasonable Time, or upon Notice to be given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their said House, where such Rubbish or Lime shall lie, for that Purpose, in Writing, to be signed by tly said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and so as that whilst the same shall be lying in the'salt Street, Lane, Passage, or Place, such Owner or Owners shall set up and maintain a sufficient Light upon^or against the same, every Night during the whole Night, from the Time it becomes dark, to prevent any Mifchrcf happening to Passengers, which mi?ht otherwise he occasioned thereby.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Per- Scavengers m*? fons contracted with for cleansing the said Streets, Lanes, public Passages, and Places, or any Part or Parts s^-et^ c thereof, shall have Liberty, by the Approbation and Order of five or more of the Commissioners, to lodge Conrcn-iTcom-th eir Dirt, Dufi, Ashes, or other Filth, in such vacant and public Places in or near the said Streets, Lanes, mulioners. Passages, and other Places ;>s shall not appear to be intended to be built upon, and as shall be thought convenient by the said Commissioners, they the said Persons so contracted with, giving such Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of luth vacant Places, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall direct.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That rf any matriculated Person or Per- Penalty for ex. fi ns or Member of the said University, shall wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise damage, any of the Lamps which shall be erected by virtue of this Act, or any of the Posts, Irons, or other Furniture Lim?jh8 thereof, or rxtinguish any of the said Lamps, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Vice-chancellor of the Lhiivcrfity, or his Deputy, on account of Absence, commonly called the Pro*Vice-chancellor, or his AlfdF-rin the University Court, and they are hereby required, upon Oath made of the Commission of any such Offence, which Oath the said Vice-chancellor, or his said Deputy, or his said Assessor, or any of them, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer to any Person or Persons offering to make the same, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party or Parties accused: or it shall be law-bymat.i ulated ful lor any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend, as also for Person*. any other Person or Persons to affft in apprehending, the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, to convey him or them before the said Vice-chancellor, Deputy, or Assessor, to be dealt with as herein after is directed 5 and the Party or Parties so accused being brought before the said Vice-chancellor, Deputy, or Assessor, or Oath being made before him or either of them, that such Party or Parties cannot be found and apprehended, which Oath the said Vice-chancellor, Deputy, or Assessor, is and are hereby also required and impowered to administer, the said Vice-chancellor, Deputy, or Assessor, shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear, or be produced, to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convibicd of such Offence, either by his or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he or they so convuSled shall, for the hrft Offence, respectively forfeit and pay, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act, a Sum not exceeding ten Shillings, nor under five Shillings, for each Lamp so broken or thrown down, damaged or extinguished as sf^rtsaid; for the second Offence the Sum of fifteen Shillings, and for the third, and every other subse-<pjent Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and full Satisfaction shall also be made to the said Commis-{iniiers, or their Surveyor, by such Offender or Offenders, for the Damage so by him or them done as afore-fimJ: And in case the Offender or Offenders shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Penalties, and make such Satisfaction to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, r r ary two or more of them, to proceed for and recover the same in the Vice-chancellor’s Court of the Lid Uni.erfity; and also for the said Vice-chancellor, Deputy, or Assessor, fitting in Judgement in the said Ccur, to inflict, by way of furtfc Pui i bment on the said Offender or Offenders, all or any of the Penalties, whether pecuniary or other, which by the Statutes of the said University they are impowered to infliCl c*n anatriculjted Persons convicted of Violation of public Authority, or other Disturbance of the Pec.cc:

And if any Person or Persons (not being matriculated or a Member of the said University) shall be guilty of Peniltj on orhrr any of the said Offences, the same may be inquired into, and the like Penalties inflicted under the Autho- P«son» brejk. 15 r*y of any Justice or fufticis of the Peace, acting in and for the said County or City, as is herein before ®rd*"H, RS the directed to be done with respect to matriculated Persons, under the Authority of the said Vice-chancellor, wnls* Deputy, or Assessor: And in case the respective Penalties shall not be forthwith paid, the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the II jufe of Correction for the said County or City, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction Bi ll be sooner paid and given, and the whole of the said rrfpcblive Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be apph» d for the Purposes of this Act: And if any Person shall negligently or accidentally break, throw down, ox otherwise damage any of the said Lamps, or any of the Poiis, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and

92

C. 19.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

For Damages

done by married ited Persons

Com pi

be nude.

plau.t may

No Cattle to be killed ia tht Streets*

shall not upon Demand make Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to their Surveyor, for the Damages by such Person done as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County or City, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to be made by any two or more of the said Commissioners, or by their Surveyor, to summon the Party complained of, and upon his or her Appearance, or making Default to appear (Oath being made that the Party complained of was served with such Summons, or that the same was left at his or her Dwelling-house, or Place of Abode, if known, or that he or fire could not be found) such Justice shall proceed to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, either by Confession of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) shall award and order such pecuniary Satisfaction to be made by the Party complained of, for the Damage so by him or her done, as to such Justice shall appear just and reasonable; and shall cause the Sum so awarded, in case the same be not paid forthwith upon the making such Award and Order, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, rendering to him or her the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, after the Charges of protecting such Complaints, and of such Distress and Sale, shall be deducted; and in case sufficient Distreikrcannot fee found, such Justice shall commit the Party complained of to the common Gaol for the said County or City, until he or they shall pay the Sum so awarded, or for any Time not exceeding the Space of one Calendar Month.

LX. Provided always, That in case the Party who shall have done, through Negligence, or Accident, such Damage as aforesaid, shall happen to be a matriculated Person, then such Complaint as is herein last before directed to be made to any Justice of the Peace for the said County or City, shall be made only to the said Vice-chancellor, or to his Affefibr in the University Court, or in case of the Vice-chancellor’s Absence, to his Pro-Vice-chancellor, or his Deputy, on account of Absence, each or any of whom shall have full Power to examine the Matter of the Complaint, to administer Oaths, to award pecuniary Satisfaction, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Party complained of, and to do all the other Things before mentioned, or incident thereto, in like Manner, and in the like cases, as may be done when the Party complained of is not a matriculated Person, by any Justice of the Peace for the said City or County.

LXL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall kill, (laughter, singe, feald, dress, or cut up, any Bfcaft, Swine, Calf, Sheep, or other Cattle, or cause the same to be done, in any open or public Street, Lane, or Way, within the said University and City of Oxford, or the Suburbs thereof, or in the said Parish of Saint Clement, or hang up, or cause to be hung up, any Bead, Swine, Calf, Sheep, or other Cattle, or any Part or Parts thereof, in any of the said Streets or public Passages, from and after the Market herein after-mentioned shall be completed, every Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and nay the Sum of ten Shillings; and if any Swine, Bead, or Cattle, shall be found wandering about the said Streets,’Lanes, or Ways, or any or either of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to impound such Swine, Beast, or Cattle, in either of the common Pounds in the said City, or Suburbs, or Saint Clement's aforesaid, or such other Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and the same to detain in the said Pound or Place, until the Sum of five Shillings and the Expence of impounding such Swine, Beast, or Cattle, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and in case such Penalty and Expences shall not be paid within three Days after such Swine, Beast, or Cattle, shall be impounded, it shall and may be lawful for such Persons or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for that Purpose, to fell, or cause such Swine, Beast, or Cattle, to be sold; and the Money arising from the Sale thereof, shall be applied to such and the same Purposes as the Money arising from the Rates or Assessments is hereby directed to be applied.

To prevent cer-

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall hoop, cleanse, wash, or feald any

tain Nu.fanccsin Cask; or hew or saw, or cause to be hewed or (awed, any Stone, Wood, or Timber; or bind, make, or the Streets. repair, any Wheel; or (hoe, bleed, cleanse, or dress, or turn or drive loose any Horse; or wet, (lack, or mix, any Lime; or wet, mix, or make any Mortar, except as herein before mentioned; or throw at any Cock or Fowl, in the Manner called Cock-throwing, or set up any Cock or Fowl to be thrown at in such Manner; or shall make, or assist in the making, any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires; or shall set Fire to, or let off, or throw any Squib, Serpent, Rocket, or Fire-works whatsoever, in any of the Highways, Streets, Lanes, or public Ways within the said University, City, or Suburbs, or'in the said Parish of Saint Clcmatt; or shall set, place, or expose to Sale, or cause, permit, or suffer to be set, placed, or exposed to Sale, any Goods, Chattels, Wares, or Merchandises whatsoever, on the Foot or Carriageway of any Highway, Street, Lane, or public Way, in the said University and City, or Suburbs, or in the said Parish of Saint Clement, except the felling of Butter and Corn in the Markets, as usual, on Market Days; or hang up, or expose any Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, or any other Matter or Thing,

upon any Flap Window, or otherwise, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of the Foot or Carriageway of any Street, Lane, or public Way, in the said University, City, or Suburbs, or the said Parish of Saint Clement, every Person, so offending in either of the said cases, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings, over and above such Penalties as are inflicted on any or either of the said Offences, by any Law or Statute now in being.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall and may, at any Time after the passing of this Act, cause Notice to be given to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the several Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said University and City of Oxford, and the Suburbs thereof, and in the said Parish of Saint Clement, to take down, fill up, remove, alter, or regulate all Signs, or other Emblems

uled

S*nnf, 8cc. to be taken down.

93

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 19.*

u fed to denote the TraJe, Occupation, or Calling of any Person or Persons, Sign-poffs, Sign-irons, Pent-houses, Shew-boarJs, Spouts, Gutters, Stalls, Bulks, Bulk or Bow Windows, Window-shutters.

Porches, Sheds, Butchers Gallows, Pumps, Shambles, Blocks, or Pieces of Timber, Chopping-blocks, Cellar-windows, Dwarf-walls, Pits, Saw-pits. Trees, and Posts, projecting into, or handing or being in any of the said Streets, Panes, or public Ways, or in or upon the Wide, or other Ground, lying between the Houses near or adjoining to such Streets or Highways, and all other Encroachments, Nuisances, or Annoyances whatsoever, within ihc Paid University and City, or the Suburbs thereof, and the Paid Parish of Saint Clement* projecting into, or (landing or being in the said Streets, Lanes, or public Ways, or in or upon the Waite or other Ground between the Houses near or adjoining to such Streets or Highways, in inch Manner as they shall think proper; and to cause all Signs, or other Emblems as aforesaid, Shew-boards. Spouts, and Gutters, or such Parts thereof as they shall think fit, to be carried away, or affixed and placed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, or were before affixed, and not otherwise: And iiucafe the respective Owners or Occupiers Ilia!! refuse or neglect lo to do, for the Space of twenty Days Mat after such Notice shall be given to him or them respectively (which Notice shall be given in Writing under tli*Hand of the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being, and delivered or left at the Dwelling-house or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Occupier) it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, to cause such Signs, Emblems, Sign-posts, Sign-irons, Pent-houses, Shew-boards, Spouts, Gutters, Stalls,

Bulks, Bulk or Bow Windows, Window-shutters, Porches, Sheds, Butchers Gallows, Pumps Shambles,

Blocks, or Pieces of Timber, Chopping-blocks, Cellar-windows, Dwarf-walls, Pits, Saw-pits, 'Frees, and Pells, and all other Encroachments, Nuisances, or Annoyances whatsoever, to be taken down, carried away, filled, removed, altered, and regulated, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and shall c:use all such Signs, or other Emblems as aforesaid, Shew-boards, Spouts and Gutters, or such Parts thereof as they shall think fit, to be removed and carried away, or affixed and placed on the Fronts of the Houses,

Snops, Warehouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, or were before affixed, an J not otherwise; and shall return, or cause to be returned, to their respective Owners, or to be left on the Spot, or as near as conveniently may be for such Owner or Owners, so much of such Signs or other Emblems,

Sign-posts, or other Polls, Sign-irons, Pent-houses, Shew-boards, Spouts, Gutters, Stalls, Bulks, B* Ik or Bow Windows, Window-shutters, Porches, Sheds, Butchers Gallows, Pumps, Shambles, Blocks, Chopping-blocks, Cellar-windows, Dwarf-walls, Trees, and Posts, or other Encroachments, Nuisances, or Annoyances whatsoever, as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made use of in the Alterations directed by this Act, and the Charges and Expences attending the same, shall and may be recovered of the Owners or Occupiers thereof respectively, in the same Manner as the Charges and Expences of cleansing and lighting the said Streets are directed to be recovered under this Act: And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times thrreafrer, hane, place, cred, build, or make, any Sign, Sign-poll or other Post, Sign-uon, Pent-houic, Shew-board, Spout, Gutter, Stall, Bulk, Bulk or Bow Window, Win-dow-shutter, Porch, Shed, Butchers Gallows, Pound for Cattle, Pump, Cellar-window, or Dwaif-wall,

Shamble, Block, or Piece of Timber, Chopping-block, Pit, Saw-pit, Poll, or other Encroachment,

Nuisance, or Annoyance whatsoever, or cause the same to be done contrary to the Directions aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings, and the further Sum of ten Shillings for every Day such Offence shall continue; and the Master Workmen employed to ered, build, do, or perform the same, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings: And it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order the same to betaken down, removed, carried away, altered, or regulated, in such Manner as they, or any five 01 more of them, shall think proper; and the Person or Persons so ordered shall and may take down, remove, carry away, alter, or regulate the same accordingly, without any Notice or Warning to be given to the Owner or Owners, Tenant or Occupier, to take down, remove, carry away, alter, or regulate the same.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Head Builder, Matter Carpenter, Mason, or Workman, ^Breach, shall, in rebuilding or new-fronting any old Building situate in or near any Street, Lane, or public Way, bring the Foundation thereof forward beyond the old Foundations, or the ancient Story-posts supporting

the Fronts thereof, so as to obstruct or narrow the Passage through the same, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds, and the Owner of such Building shall forfeit and pay the Sum ‘ of forty Shillings for every Month such Obstruction or Encroachment shall remain, by the Foundation of such Building being brought forwards as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order the lame to be taken down, altered, or regulated, in such Manner as they, or any five or more of them, shall think proper.

LXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if, after the passing of this Act, any Cart, Waggon, No Cart, &c.t* Dray, or other Carriage, shall he left to stand or continue in any Street, Lane, or public Way, in the said left in any City or Suburbs, or the said Parish of Saint Clement^ or in any Part or Parts thereof, with or without S:rcet» &c* Horlcs or other Cattle, other thjn for the necessary loading or unloading thereof, or if any Common Scage-u a^on or Cart shall be left to stand or continue in either or any of the principal Streets mentioned in the Lid Schedule hereto annexed, for the Purpose of loading or unloading, more than the Space of one Hour at any one Time; or if any Timber, Bricks, Stones, Slates, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals,

Board", Tub*, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials, or Things whatsoever, shall be laid or placed, and left in any such Street, or public Way, longer than shall be necessary for thehoufing or removing Uae fame, except in such Cases as are herein before provided for; then, and in every such Case, the Owner or Owners of every such Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, or of any such Timber, Bricks, Goods,

Wares, Merchandizes, Materials, or Things, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of

ten

Anno undecimo Georgii III«

94

C. ig.

A.D. 177 x,

ten Shillings, and the same shall moreover be deemed Nuisances; and any one of the said Commissioners, or any one of their Officers, or any other Person, without any Peace-officer or other Person present, shall and may, either in the Day or by Night, seize, or cause to be seized, the Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, so placed, or suffered to (land or continue, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, together with the Horse or Horses thereunto belonging or affixed, (if any) or the Timber, Bricks, Stones, Slates* Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Goods, Waies, Merchandises, Materials, or Things, so laid or placed as aforesaid, and remo e the same, or cause the same to be removed, to any Pound within the said City or Suburbs, or to such other Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants shall claim the same, and pay to the Person or Persons in whole Custody the same shall then be, the Sum of ten Shillings, together with the Charges of removing and keeping the same; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Sum of ten Shillings and Charges paid, within the Space of six Days next after such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to cause the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the same Uses and Purposes as the Monies arising from the Rates or Assessments are hereby directed to be applied.

Owners of Carts,

LXVI. Provided, That if any Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, shall be so placed or suffered ta

Sec. not im- stand or continue as aforesaid, or any Timber, Bricks, Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Materials, or pounded, to for- Things, shall he so laid and placed as aforesaid, and the same shall not be seized and impounded as afore-fwt jo». said, the Owner or Owners of such Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, or of such Timber, Bricks,

Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Materials, or Things, shall nevertheless forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for every Offence by such Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, being so placed, or suffered to stand or continue, or such Timber, Bricks, Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Materials, or Things, being so laid, or placed, or left as aforesaid.

Annoyances by

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Hogstye, Necessary-house, Flesh, Dung, Carrion, Hog flies, Sec, to Blood, Offal, Soil, or Filth, Ashes, Cinders, or Rubbish, or any other noisome Matter whatsoever, in or be removed. near any of the said principal Streets within the said City or Suburbs, mentioned in the Schedule hereto

annexed, shall be offensive to any of the Inhabitants, or other Person or Persons, the same shall be deemed a Nuisance and an Offence against this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, upon Complaint thereof made to them by any such Inhabitant, or other Person or Persons, by Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or under the Hand of the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being, to order any such Nuisance or Offence to be removed; and in case the same shall not be removed within three Days after such Notice given to the Person or Persons who ought to remove the same, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings daily, for every Day that the same shall continue unremoved, after the Expiration of the said three Days.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time after the passing row. Sec. to be of this Act, run, drive, or cause to be run, driven, or drawn on any Foot-pavements within the said City Ar"nn or Suburbs, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or Carriage whatsoever, or shall roll any Calk, or wilfully ride, drive, or lead, or cause to be rode, driven, or led, any Horse or other Cattle, on any of the said Foot-pavements, other than in Cases of absolute Necessity; such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay, for the first Offence, the Sum of five Shillings, for the second Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings, and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings.

LXIX.^ Provided, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to such Penalties, for rolling any Calk on the said Foot-pavements, unless the same shall have been rolled thereon for the Space of twenty Yards, or upwards.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Cellar-window or Windows shall be left open in the Evening, or in the Night, without the same being sufficiently lighted, to prevent Accidents happening therefrom, the Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Cellar shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings.

LXXI. And whereas there are Pipes placed under the Pavements in several of the said Streets, Lanes,

and public Ways, for the Purpose of conveying Water for the Use of the Inhabitants, and great Incon- veniencies may arise from the breaking up the Pavement, in order to repair the same, and from the bursting or breaking the said Pipes, if such Pavement be not properly relaid For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Part of the Pavements of any of the Streets or Places which shall be begun to be paved by virtue of this Act, shall be damaged by the bursting or breaking of the said Pipes, or taken up by any Person or Persons for the Purposes of making, repairing, or altering any of the said Pipes, or any Vault or Drain, or for any other Purpose whatsoever; the Person or Persons to whom the same belong, or so taking up such Pavement or Pavements, shall immediately give Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Surveyors employed by the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, in order that the same may, with all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired, under the In-speftion of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid by the said Commissioners, and they shall be reimbursed the same by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Water-works, or other Person or Persons who shall take up, or cause or procure to be taken up, the said Pavement or Pavements, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in case any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of Water-works, or other Person or Persons, shall neglect or refuse to pay what the said Commissioners shall have so paid and disbursed, within ten Days next after Notice thereof, to be left by the Receiver or Receivers appointed, or to be appointed by the said Commissioners, at the Dwelling-

house

No Wheelbar-: row. See. to be driven on Foot-pavements.

[Proviso.]

Cellar-windows at Night to be sufficiently lighted.

Power of repair ing Pavements damaged by the bursting or breaking of Water pipes*

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 19. 95

house or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Water-works,

or other Person or Persons, which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commission-cts for putting this Act inro Execution, by order of the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, and annexed to the Bill, containing an Account of the Expences of such Repair; it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have so expended for the relaying and repairing such Pavement or Pavements, taken up in Manner as aforesaid:

And in case such Person or Persons hereby directed to give such Notice to the Surveyor or Surveyors as before directed, shall neglect so to do for the Space of twenty-four Hours after such Pavement or Pavements be so taken up, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Acts, Orders, and Pro- Proceedings to ceedings of the said Commissioners, from time to time, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for be enteiedio a that Purpose, and signed by the Clerk of such Commissioners for the time being, and shall be deemed and ®°ok« taken to be original Acts, Orders, and Proceedings; and such Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and shall also be open at all seasonable Times for the Reading or Inspection of all and every the said Commissioners, without Fee or Reward.

LXXIII. And it is hereby hirther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer of the said Treasurers to Commissioners for the time being shall and may, and he is hereby authorised and required, out of the Mo- PJ* 4,11 nies collected and paid into his Hands, to pay all Sums of Money which the said Commissioners shall, from of th^Commis-time to time, draw upon him for, or order him to pay; and the said Treasurer for the time being shall, r,onto, and and he is hereby required to keep regular and clear Entries in a Book or Books, to be for that Purpose by make Entries, him provided and kept, of all and Angular his Receipts and Payments, on account or in pursuance of this Act; to which Book or Books, and all others kept for the Purposes of this Act, every Person liable to the Payment of the said Rates, shall and may have free Access at all convenient Times, with full Liberty to in-spedl the same, without Fee or Reward: And also, that the said Treasurer for the time being shall, twice in every Year, have the said Accounts audited and passed, and allowed by the said Commissioners, or any seven nr more of them.

LXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Collector or Collec- Celleftor dying tors shall happen to die, or to become Bankrupt, before he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the or becoming M onies by him or them received by virtue of this Act, or made such Composition for the same as the said Commissioners shall agree to accept, then, and in every such Case, the Executors or Administrators, Ex- payment. ccutrix or Administratrix, or other legal Representative or Representatives of such Collector or Collectors, or the Assignee or Assignees of his or their Effate and Effedis, or other Person or Persons, possessing the same, shall, in the first Place, out of such Effate and Effedis, pay unto the Treasurer of the said Commissioners for the time being, all such Sums of Money as were in the Hands of such Collector or Collectors at ’ the Time of his or their Death, or at the Time of suing out any Commission of Bankruptcy against him or them, or so much thereof as the said Effate or Effedis shall extend to pay, and the Receipt of the said Treasurer will be a good Discharge for the said Money; and every Executor and Administrator, Assignee or Assignees, or other Person as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit commenced or brought against him or them, plead or give in Evidence the Payment of the same, and shall be allowed such Payment out of the Effate or Effects of such Collector or Collectors, prior to any other Debt or Demand whatsoever; and in case of Nonpayment of the same by the Space of one Calendar Month after the same shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, to commence and pfolccuteonc or more Action or Actions for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, against such Executors or Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other Person as aforesaid.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Act of the Commis- No Act valid sioners shall be valid, unless made or done at some public Meeting, held by virtue of this Act. unlrfcati pub-

LXXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in such Commissioners, shall and may, from time ^nrdln Com-to time, be exercised by the major rart of those who shall attend at any public Meetings, to be holden as missioners to bs herein before mentioned; such major Part not being less than the Number by this Act authorised to do executed by the such Business; and that in all Cases the said Commissioners do vote by Ballot, in case the same is desired by m3jar *Jjrt vf any two or more of the said Commissioners; and that the Chairman shall have a carting Voice in all Cases ho a,c

of Equ.aliryv preen.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Committonrri for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree with rri»coir, pound any Person or Persons, against wh« m any Action or Achom, Suitor Suits, shall be brought or prosecuted, ivt tn*‘ucl' c* for any Penalty or Penalties, in any Contract or Contr^cL hereafter to be entered into, on account of any Breach or Non performance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they, or any or more of them, fl ail think properj and also to mitigate, compound, or Itflcn, any other

the h orff tturo incurred under this Act, so as the Sum so compounded or agreed for be not less than the Injury or D m gc fuftjnvd determined by the Breach or Non-performance of such Contract or Contracts, and all the (. ha.gcs, nd Expence*, which liial be occasioned thereby, and so as the Mitigation of the other 3* orfeita f s. as ai< resaid, do not extend to remit above one Moiety oMhc said Eorfcitures respectively.

LXVIII. And whereas many Houses, Edifices, Shops, and Warehouses, within the said University

and City, and U*c Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Suint CUment, belong to Bodies Corporate, and

are iiuu;e,

96

C. 19.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Money to be Jtud out*

Continuance of the l olls.

Proviso fcr determining the Tolls sooner.

Power to remove the Market and ereSt another.

p.efervation of the Right of the University to IlpcrintcnJ and regiiljte the I.laikets, and of the City Right to f’itch in peace or Toils.

are irregularly built, and by reason of their contingent Tenure are frequently suffered to fall in a ruinous State ;’ Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for any Body Corporate or Collegiate, whether of University or City, Aggregate or Sole, to alienate and fell for ever any Tenements or Hereditaments, and the Scite thereof, with their Appurtenances, (landing or being within the University and City of Oxford, or the Suburbs thereof, or the said Parish of Saint Clement, provided that all and every Sutn and Sums of Money to be paid to such College or Corporation for the Purchase of such Tenement or Hereditament be lodged in any of the public Funds, in the Name and Names of the three Regius Professors of Divinity, Law, and Physick, inTruft, for the Use of the said Colleges, or Corporation, for Houses belonging to the College or the University; and for Houses belonging to the City, in the Names of the Mayor, Recorder, and Town-clerk, to be by them laid out in the Puchase of Lands and Hereditaments, without the University, City, and Suburbs of Oxford, or otherwise settled and appropriated for such Uses and ^Trusts, as the Houses and Tenements so loid by such Corporation or College were settled and limited at the Time of such Sale so m2de.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money to be paid to any Person, Body Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffee or Feoffees in Tail, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee or Trustees, in pursuance of this Ashali be by them respectively laid out in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and settled to, upon, and subject to such Titles, Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, as the said Lands and Premises, so to be purchased by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, were settled, limited, and assured, at the Time of such Sale so made respectively, or as near as the same can be settled, limited, and assured, and shall and may be held and enjoyed accordingly.

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of this Act as relates to the Tolls hereby granted, and to widening, altering, and repairing the Roads and Bridge herein mentioned, shall take place from and after the said fourth Tuesday after passing of this Act, and shall continue in Force for the Term of twenty-one Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer; and that from the Expiration, or sooner Determination thereof, the said Mile-ways and Bridge shall be repaired, from time to time, in such and the same Manner, as the same were or ought to have been repaired before the passing of this Act, or as they would or could have been, in case the same had not been made.

LXXXI. Provided always, That if the several Purposes, to which the said Tolls are hereby directed to be applied, shall be effectea and completed before the Expiration of the said Term hereby granted, and the Principal Money borrowed and secured upon the Credit thereof be repaid and satisfied, then, and from thenceforth, all the Tolls hereby imposed, shall absolutely cease and determine.

LXXXII. And whereas the holding of a Market as heretofore accustomed for felling of Meat, Fish, and Garden Stuff, in the High Street and Butcher Roiv> in the said City, hath been found very inconveni- ent, by reason of the great Number of Coaches, Carts, and other Carriages, and Travellers, passing'and repassing through the same, to and from the Roads above mentioned: And whereas it is necessary for the Benefit and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said University, City, and Suburbs, and of all ‘ Persons resorting thereto, that a Market should be (till continued for the Sale of all Kinds of Meat, Fish, Poultry, and Garden Stuff; and the Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars of the said University, and Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the said City, are desirous to ere<5l, hold, and maintain such Mar- ket;’ It is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to view, set out, and describe such Plot or Piece of Ground, between the High Street and the Lane called Jesus College Lane, within the said City, as they shall adjudge moll convenient and proper for holding the said Market, and to and for making proper Avenues thereto: And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars of the find University, and their Successors, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the said City, and their Successors, shall have Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to remove, or cause to be removed, the Markets for all Kinds of Meat, Fish, Poultry, and Garden Stuff, and to establish and hold, or cause to be established and held, within the Limits of the said Plot or Piece of Ground, so to be set out and deficribed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, for the Scite of the said Market; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, to cause such Market to be held within the Limits aforesaid, daily and every Day, or Ids frequently, according as the same shall to them appear necessary for the Convenience and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said University, City, and Suburbs, and of Persons resorting thereto.

LXXXIII. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away the Right of the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, to appoint or nominate one or more Clerk or Clerks of the said Market, and otherwise to govern, regulate, and superintend the same, as heretofore accustomed with rcfipcdl to the ancient Market-place or Places, Or to take away the Right of the said Mayor, Bailiffs, acd Commonalty, to such Pitching-pence or Tolls as have been heretofore paid to them or their Toll-gatherer, by Butchers, Gardeners, and others; but the same respectively shall remain and belong to the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, severally, as before the passing this Act and the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and Mayor, Bailiffs, and Comm nalty, respectively, shall and may preficribe and have such Remedies for the same in such new Market, as they could have and were intitleu to in the Places where the ancient Markets were usually or commonly held.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 19. 97

r preventing any Encroachments which might hereafter be made on the said Mar- No Meat, Fjfti, acted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the same shall be completed Poultry, or o*r-

LXXXIV. And for

ket,’ Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the same shall be completed Poultry, or o*r-and used as a Market, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to erect or hold any other Market Stuft to be

within the said University, City, or Suburbs, except the present Markets for Corn, Pigs, and Butter, or to where,

vend or expose to Sale any Manner of Flesh, or other raw Victuals, Fish, Poultry, Herbs, Roots, or Garden Stuff, which are usually fold in public Markets in any other Place whatsoever within the said University. City, or Suburbs; and every Person who shall so vend, or expose to Sale, any Manner of Flesh, or other raw Victuals, Fish, Poultry, Herbs, Roots, or Garden Stuff, out of the said Market, within the said University, City, or Suburbs, and shall be convicted thereof before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or City of Oxford aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, rendering the Overplus (if any there be) after deducing the Expence of such Distress and Sale, to the Owners thereof; one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence or Offences shall be committed.

LXXXV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to prevent Fish-mongers oi Poulterers from felling Fish or Poultry in their own Shops or Houses, as heretofore accustomed n in the said University, City, and Suburbs. ' Hous«.

LXXXVI. Provided also nevertheless. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, justicei may mi-where they shall see cause, to mitigate or lessen any such Penalties or Forfeitures, according to their Dif- tigate Penalties cretion.

LXXXVII. And, for enabling the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bai- Power to app^nt c lifts, and Commonalty, to eftcdl the several Purposes of this Act;’ Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, in Convocation assembled, from eJ^Body. time to time, to nominate, depute, and appoint, fix of the Members of Convocation resident within the said University, and for the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, in Council assembled, from time to time, to nominate, depute, and appoint, fix of the Members of the Council of the said City, residing within the said City or Suburbs, to be a Committee to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers, and all other Persons interfiled in the Houses and Buildings, {landing on the said Plot or Piece of Ground, so to be set out as aforesaid for the said Market, and to do all Matters and Things for and in the Names of the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, necessary for carrying this Act into Execution, so far as the same relates to the said Market; and such Committee, from time to time, so to be nominated, deputed, and appointed by the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty respectively, shall continue to ad until others shall be by them severally nominated, deputed, and appointed in their Stead,

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Persons interest-and for all Persons whatsoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, im?°*rred t# who are or shall be seised or intitled in their own Right, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust, Guardians and £>f the Mirkcu Committees for Lunatics and Ideots, Executors, Administrators, and Guardians whatsoever, not only in or c ir*c llehalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and in Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or IfTtie unborn. Lunatics, Ideots, Femes-covert, or other Persons whatsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be necessary to be purchased for the holding the said Market, and to and for making proper Avenues thereto, to contract for, fell, convey, or surrender to the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, all or any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or any Term for Years, or any Estate or Interest therein; and that all such Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Assignments, Surrenders, and other Conveyances, which shall be so made as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, not only to convey the Kllate of the Person or Persons conveying, hut also all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property,

Cl im, and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Cestuique Trulls, whether Infants or I flue unborn. Lunatics, Ideots, Femes-covert, or other Persons whatsoever, and all Persons claiming or to claim, by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: And if it shall happen that any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or j, Jryfatie other Person or Persons whatsoever, who are hereby enabled to convcv as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat and where Perf... agree with the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, refute to treat, men, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, before any General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be ho den for the said County of Oxford, or any Adjournment thereof, to give, or cause to be given, to such Owner or Owners, or to the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, or to leave, or cause to be It ft, at the House of the Tenant in Possession, of the Lands or Hereditaments intended to be so purchased, twenty-one Days Notice in Writing, denoting and particularly describing the same, and purporting that the Value of such Lands or Hereditaments will be adjusted and settled by a Jury at the said Session, or the Adjournment thereof; and the Justices at their said Session, or any Adjournment thereof, upon Proof to them made of such Notice having been so given, or left, are hereby au-I nor led and required to charge a Jury to be impanelled and returned by the Shciiff of the said County, without Fee or Reward, cot.lifting of twelve honest, substantial, and disinterested Persons, duly qualified to lerveon Junes up in the Trial of Issues at Law, and cause them to be sworn well and truly on their Oaths to ailcfs the Value of the Lands or Hereditaments comprised in the said Notice, and the Damages and Rc-compence to be given for the Urne, to the respective Owner or Owners thereof, according to their icfpec-VoL. XL O __________ tire

98 c. 19.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 177

tive Interests therein, which Oath the said Justices are hereby required to administer to such Jury, and to which said Jury the said Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and all Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, shall have their lawful Challenges; and the said Jury, being so sworn and charged as aforesaid, and after proper Evidence on Oath to them given concerning the Nature, Quantity, and Value of the said Lands or Hereditaments, shall, by their Verdict, assess the Damages and Recompence to be given for the said Lands or Hereditaments to the respective Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective Interests therein; which Verdict of the said Jury, and the Judgement of the said Justices upon the same, shall be finally binding and conclusive to the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and to all Persons and Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, and such Verdicts, and the Judgement of the Justices thereupon, shall be fairly entered and kept amongst the Records of the Quarter-Sessions for the County of Oxford, and the same, or true Copies thereof, shall be taken to be good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons may have Recourse to the same gratis, and take Copies thereof, paying Sixpence for every one hundred Words, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Woids.

IT; on Payment

LXXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted *nd declared, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of or Tender of the Money so to be adjudged for the Purchase of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, the Person or Persons W°wSy^ihc1,fCI there*0 shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal Con-

University and veyances, Assignments, and Assurances in the Law, to the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bail ids, and Commonalty, of the said Premises, for which such Sum or Sums of Money were so awarded, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things, necessary or requrfite to make a good, clear, and perfcdl Title thereunto; and such Conveyances, Assignments, and Assurances, shall contain all such reasonable and usual Covenants as shall, on the Behalf of the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, be required: And in case any Person or Persons to whom such Money shall be awarded as aforesaid, shall not evince a Title to the said Premises to the said Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and make, or procure to be made, good and legal Conveyances thereof, or shall refuie so to do, being thereunto required, such Sum and Sums of Money (o awarded as aforesaid being ready to be paid to him, her, or them, on making such Title, and tendered for that PurpolV; or in case the Person or Persons intitled to the Premises for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, shall not be known; or in case that, by reason of Dif-putes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Defe£l of Evidence, it shall not appear to the said Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or the Committee to be appointed as aforesaid, what Person or Persons is or are intitled to the Premises in question; that then, and in all and every or any such Case or Cases as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee to order such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, as the Value of and Purchase-.money for the said Premises, to be paid into the Bank of England for the Use of the Parties interested in the said Premises, to be paid to them, and each and every of them, according to their respective Estates and Interests in the said Premises, at such Times as the said Committee, or any seven or more of them, shall, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, order and direct; and the Cashier and Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums, is and are hereby required to give a Receiptor Receipts for such Sum and Sums, mentioning and specifying for what Premises and for whole Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay such Sum or oums into the Bank of England as aforesaid; which Receipt or Receipts shall be entered on Record, and registered among the Records of the Quarter Sessions for the County of Oxford\ and immediately on such Payment and Registry, all the Estate, Right, Title, Use, Trust, Property, Equity of Redemption, Claim and Demand in Law and Equity, of all and every Person and Persons for whose Use such Money was paid, of, in, to, from, and out of the said Premises. or any Part thereof, shall vest in the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty; and they the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, shall be deemed in Law to be in the a dual Posselhon thereof, and to be seised thereof in Fee*simple, freed and discharged from all Claims, Demands, and Equity of Redemption, either at Law or in Equity, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if all and every Person and Persons having any Estate, Right, Title, Trull, interest, or Equity of Redemption, of, in, to, from, or out of the said Premises, had actually conveyed the same by Lealc and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled. Feoffment, with Livery of Seiiin, Fine and Recovery, or any other Conveyance whatsoever 5 and such % Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Equity of Redemption, Claim and Demand of the Person or Persons to whose Use such Payment was made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and confirmed to bar the Lower and Dowers of the Wile or Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates, Tail and Remainders, as fully and effectually as a Fine or Recovery would do, cr would have done, if levied or fullered by proper Parties in due Form of Law.

Pi’rchafe-tr.mf-y

XC. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money to be of I iu:t tfia cs paid to any Body Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffee or Feoffees in Trull, to be ia;d ci<c Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee or Trustees, in pursuance of this Act, shall be by them respectively laid out in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and settled to and upon, and subject to such Titles, Uses, Trulls, Limitations, Remainders, ami Contingencies, as the said Lands and Premises so to be purchased by the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty as aforesaid, were settled, limited, and allured at the Time of such Sale so made respectively, and shall and may be held and enjoyed accordingly.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 19. 99

XCI. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after Payment made for the Lands and After Payment, Hereditaments so to be purchasevi as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee to enter Cemn ittee

upon the Premises so to be purchased, and every Part thereof* and to convert the same to be used as a Alar-

r J J cunvsrf »he Prs-

ket as storelurd. n i.jto*

XCII. Provided always, and be it cnnfted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any person or Perform, '.lAlcrl ° l>ody or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, shall be applied to by or on Behalf of the said Commit- j, |»,rr ncM iioners, or the said Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, to ic. treat for, fell, dispose of, or convey, lor any of the Purposes aforesaid, any Part or Parts of any House, "»' mr ary Warehouse, Yard, or Ground, in the actual (Occupation of one Tenant, or of several Tenants, and the of *!'^ fJ, TP ,lS PerLn or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so applied to, shall, by Notice in°J^'sr* lhe 'Writing to be left at the Office of the respective Clerks, within fourteen Days next alter such Application, 0 7; !? the cvri-signify h'S her, or their Inclination or Desire to treat for, fell, dispose of, and convey the whole of fuel) triffuners, ,vc. H ouie, Warehouse, Yard, or Ground; then, and in every such Case, the whole of every fu eh House, to purchaie the Warehouse, Yard, or Ground, shall be deemed, taken, and held to be necessary to be purchased for effect- *hoic*

ng the Purposes of this Act: And be it shall happen that the said Commissioners, or the said Chancellor,

JW.tilers, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or their Committees, shall not think proper or be willing to purchase the whole of such House, Warehouse, Yard, or Ground; then, and in every such Case, nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, to treat for, fell, dispose of, or convey any Part of such House, Warehouse, Yard, or Ground; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XCIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may beCommiffimwi lawful to and for the Lid Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, at any Meeting, or the far’d Chan-eftior. Mailers, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or any Person or Persons, pus aildi* u in whom any House or Ground Hull be vetted by virtue of this Act, to let, fell, or dispose of so much or such Parts thereof as shall not be necessary for the opening or widening of any of the said Streets, Lanes,

Ways, PdlLges, or Places, or for and towards the erecting, establishing, and holding such new Market as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons, to and for such Use or Uses as they shall think proper, giving Preference 10 the Person or Persons of whom the same shall have been purchased, and to his, her, or their Heirs,

Executors, and Administrators.

XCIV. And, for raising a Sum of Money sufficient for the Payment of the Purchase of such Lands and Powers of mi sing

Hereditaments, and other the Purposes of this Act,’ Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, not°Jx*

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, or any seven or more of them, and they are (ceding 50001. hereby authorised and impowered to raise, borrow, take, and receive of and from any Person or Persons

whomf ;ever, or any Body or Bodies Corporate or Politic whatsoever, w ho are willing to lend and advance

the lame, any Sum or Sums of Money,’ not exceeding in the whole the Sum of five thousand Pounds, for the Payment of such Purchase money, and for such other Purposes as are herein before and herein after

mentioned, and to set up and build all such Sheds, Stands, Stalls, and such other Erections as shall he

found necessary for constituting the said Market; or, if it shall be found to be more convenient and bench- or t>y granting

cial to let out such Grounds upon a Building Lease or Leases for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall and may be Bj, Jd,ns

lawful for the said University or City, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to set and let out such

Ground for the best Rent that can be gotten for the same, payable quarterly, at or upon the four most usual

Leads or Days of Payment in the Year, upon a Lease or Leases, for any Term or Terms not exceeding

sixty-one Years, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to contract for and take the same, with proper Covenants binding him or them to build and set up all necessary Erections thereupon for converting

the same into a Market as aforesaid; or, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Committee, or any seven or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, for the Uses before mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of five thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or more* Annuity

or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of such Contributors respect

live iv, or the natural Life of such other Persons as shall be nominated, by and on the Behalf of such respective Contributors, at the Time of Payment of their respective Contribution-monies; which Annuity or

Annuities shall not exceed the Rate ol eight Pounds per Centum per Annum for every one hundred Pounds,

ar.J lo m proportion for any greater or less Sum to be advanced and paid as aforesaid; which Annuities shall be p-yat !c and paid in such Place in the said University or City as the said Committee, or any seven or

more of them, shall for that Purpose appoint, by four equal quarterly Payments, the first Payment to begin

and be made to the respective Purchasers and their Assigns, at the Expiration of the first Quarter of a Year

after Payment of their respective Purchase-monies; which Annuities shall be publickly loid by the said

Committer, or any seven or more of them.

XCV. And it is hereby enacted, That there shall he provided by the said Committee a Book or Books, Hoots ro hr pr*. in v. h.vh shall be lairly written in Words at Length the Names and Surnames, with the proper Additions v/ld’ ai.d PLccs of Abode, of all such Persons who shall be Proprietors of any of the Annuities aforesaid; and of T

ad Pc* fun? by wh<fc Hands the said Pure ha firs shall pay in any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit or tr s A*.!; and aBo the Sum fn paid for the Purchase of such Annuities, and the respective Da\sol Payment Chert or; to which Book and Books it shall be lawful for the said respective Purchasers and thrir Assigns, ard lo and for my Person or Persons liable to the Payment of Rates and A 111 Aments in the said Parish, at att icalouaulc Times, to have Reeourlc and inspect the same without Fee or Rcwaid.

C. 19.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

they shall nominate.

Annuities may be assigned.

IOO

Annuities to be

XCVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every the Contributor and Contributors upon the for <he Lives of Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase money at the Rate aforesaid, for any such Contributors, or Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or respective Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to be nominated by each such Purchaser or Contributor as above mentioned; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Assigns respectively, shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible Estates and Interest in the Annuities so by them respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said Annuities shall be subject or liable to any Tax assessed upon Land by Authority of Parliament; and that every Contributor upon this Act for the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase money for the same, at the Rate aforesaid, or any Part or Proportion thereof, into the Hands of the Committee, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, shall have one or more Receipt or Receipts, importing the Receipt of so much Purchase money as shall be paid, and upon Payment of all the Purchase money for any such Annuity or Annuities, every such Contributor, his, her, or their Assigns respectively, shall have an Older on Parchment or Vellum for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and during the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by such Contributor or Purchaser as aforesaid; which Order shall be signed by the said Committee, or any seven or more of them; and after signing thereof, the same shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and Meaning thereof, and of this Act.

XCVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, at any time or times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, without any Stamp thereupon, to assign such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and so toties quotits\ and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Assignments shall be made in a Book, which is hereby required to be kept for that Purpose by or under the Inspection of the said Committee, which Entry or Memorandum shall be made gratis.

Annuities pay-

XCVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuities so to aMe out of the be purchased under and by virtue of this Act, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and Worker*lhC Payable, from time to time, upon all Monies arising by the Rents and Profits of the Sheds, Stails, Stands, Jr cr* and all other Buildings and Erections to be set up in and upon the said Plot or Piece of Ground to be set out and appointed for the Scite of the said Market; and if the same shall prove deficient to pay the Annuities charged thereupon as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, the said Deficiency shall, from time to time, be equally paid and supplied by the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty.

Market verted In

XCIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Houses, Buildings, and Ground, the University to be purchased by virtue and under the Authority of this Act, for the Scite of the said Market as aforesaid, Tart^o *a all ant^ Sheds, Stalls, Standings, and other Erections to be built or set thereupon, and the Rents and Pro-Dclts incurred ^ts ar'fin£ frcm the same, shall he and are hereby vested in the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and on account the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and their Successors, for ever; and that they should stand thereof, and at- seised thereof, in Trull, for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes herein after mentioned and declared, terwards equally of and concerning the same; (that is to say) The said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and the said between them. Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or the said Committee, or any seven or more of them, shall, out of the first Monies to be borrowed or arising by granting of Leases, or the Sale of Annuities as aforesaid, or by any other Ways and Means under the Authority of this Act, pay off and discharge all Debts that shall be incurred by the Purchases of the said Plot or Piece of Ground, and the Houses and Buildings thereon, for the Erection of the said Market, and all such Charges and Expences as shall necessarily attend the cresting and constituting the same; and the Rents and Profits arising thereby shall be applied in paying the Annuity or Annuities to be granted to such Purchaser or Purchasers as aforesaid, so long as any of them shall live; and all such Savings as shall, from time to time, be made by the Death of any such Annuitants, shall, after the Discharge of ail Debts accrued on account of the said Market, be vested in the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, equally, and the Savings* together with the Rents and Profits of the said Markets, after the Death of all such Annuitants, shall be and remain an Estate for the Ule and Benefit of the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and their Successors, forever, equally, Share and Share alike.

Writings to be

C. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Deposition, Order, without Stampt* Judgement, Conviction, Warrant, Lease, Mortgage, Assignment, Transfer, or other Security for the borrowing of Money, or any other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any Lessee or Lcflecs of the said Tolls or Duties, or any Owner of any of the securities aforesaid, or any Justice or Juf-ticcs of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, touching, concerning, or in Execution of any Power or Authority hereby vested in them or any of them respectively, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp or Dufy whatsoever.

Mcrhcdofre-

CI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, the Manner of covering the Pe levying and recovering wheteof is not her by otherwise particularly directed, shall be levied and recovered Baines imposed by [)jstress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and-Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any where to Me- one Ju^‘ce of f*eace for the said County or City of Oxford, which Warrant such Justice is hereby im--1hod bef re powered to grant, upon the Confdlkm of the Party or Patties, or upon the Information of any one or fomted out, more

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 19. 101

more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to admi-nliter; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Treasurer, or such other Person as the said Commissioners, at any Meeting, shall appoint for that Purpose, and be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeit-vires shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for nny time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

CII. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money Dirtrcf* net ir-to b? levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress shall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor the Party or Parties r^lar for v'*ot making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Defect or want of0 otm'

Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trcfpiffers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full batisfadiion for the special Damage, in an Action upon the Case: Provided that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action or Actions for such Irregularity, SitUfcAion for vjnless a Notice in Writing shall be given twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, offPcc/ai such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if sufficient Tender of Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgement, or other Proceeding ProceeHin&i not made, touching or concern ng any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction or quafted for Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form want nf Form* only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his or removeable Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise not-ty Ceuiortri. wittiftandwig.

CIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself ag- Persons aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, for which no particular Method of Relief bath been grieved may ap-already mentioned, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the reace, at any General Quarter SessionsPcal to Tk« of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall ariie, and within on#

six Calendar Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving eight Days Notice at leuft in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matters thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and within four Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Colls as shall be awarded by the

Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices, at such Session% upon due Proof of such Notice eing givrn as aforesaid, and the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cauies and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as the said Justices flnll think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes

CV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against Limitation of any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, by Order of the said Commissioners or Actions, Committee, or such competent Number of them as is herein required, until twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given to the Clerk or Cieiks to the said Commissioners or Committee, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months after the Fact committed 5 and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County or Place where the Matter shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant and Dc'erdants, in every such Action or Suit, shall or may, at his or their Election, plead specially, or plead the General Blue, and give this General IAU* Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit shall he brought before twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as afore-laid, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants-:

And upon such Verdict, or it the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall benonfuited, or tiifeonrinue his* her, or their

Act.on or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement

shall be given against she Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Tretic q0:\u

Coils, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases of

Law.

CVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enodted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be $avtnK cUufe. deemed or constiucd to extend, to take away, diminifti, or impede the Exercise of any Privilege or Right whatsoever of the said University, or of any of the Magistrates, Officers, Ministers, or Servants thereunto belonging, or of any Privilege or Right whatsoever of the said City, or of any of the Magistrates, Officers, or Servants thereunto belonging.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall he deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act; pu^ and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without being specially pleaded.

102

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

[Preamble.]

From March 25th, 1-71, Lunarks, the:i Guardians, Sc

C. 20.

A.D. 1771.

The First SCHEDULE to which this Act refers, containing an Account of the Ways and Streets to be. paved, widened, and repaired, exclusive of the Mile-ways.

THE Street or Way leading from Magdalen Bridge to East Gate, called Bridge Street.

The Street or Way called the High Street, leading from thence to Carfax.

The Street or Way leading from Carfax to the new Turnpike Road to Witney, called the Butcher Row. The Street or Way leading from the High Street near All Souls College to Broad Street.

The Street or Way called Broad Street, and the Street or Way leading from thence to the North Side or End of Baliol College.

The several Streets or Ways leading from the Roads on both Sides of Saint Giles's Church to Folly Bridge, and which are commonly called Saint Giles's, the Corn Market, Fish Street, and Saint Toll's; or by whatsoever other Name or Names the said Streets or Ways, or any or either of them, is or are called or known.

The Second SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

IN order to make good and convenient Roads of sufficient Width to the East End of Magdalen Bridge, to purchase such Houses, Buildings, Land, or Ground, near or adjoining to the Mile-ways there, as shall be necessary for that Purpose.

In order to rebuild and widen Magdalen Bridge,

' To take down a Malt-house, or other Buildings, and the several Houses built upon or situate on the South and North Sides of the said Bridge, and such other Buildings as shall be necessary for rebuilding the said Bridge, and widening the Avenues leading thereto, and to purchase such Ground as shall be necessary for carrying off the Water from the said Bridge.

In order to open the Bridge Street, from the West End of Magdalen Bridge to the East End of the High Street,

To take down the House and other Buildings in the Physick Garden, and such other Houses, Buildings, and Walls, near Magdalen College, as shall be necessary for that Purpose.

To take down the East Gate, and such Houses and Buildings near or adjoining to it, on the South and North Sides of the said Street, and to purchase such Ground as shall be necessary to render the Street of an equal Width with the High Street.

In order to open the Street near Carfax,

To take down Carfax Conduit.

Tn order to open Butcher Row Street,

To take down such of the Houses and Buildings near to Carfax Church, on the North and South Sides, and also the Shambles in the Middle of the said Street, and purchase such Ground as shall be necessary for widening the said Street.

In order to open the Street at the North End of the Corn Market,

To take down the North Gate, and so much of the Prison called Bocardo, and such Houses and other Buildings on both Sides of the said Street, near Saint Michael's Church, and purchase such Ground as shall be necessary to widen the said Street.

In order to widen the Street from North Gate to Saint Giles's

To take down the Houses and other Buildings standing in the Middle of the Street on the North and South Sides of Saint Mary Magdalen Church, together with the Pound near the said Church.

In order to widen the Street at the End of Broad Street,

To take down the Wall on the South Side of Baliol College, and take in such Part of the Garden as shall be necessary.

CAP. XX.

An Act to enable Lunatics intitled to renew Leases, their Guardians and Committees, to accept of Surrenders of Old Leases, and grant New Ones.

WHEREAS by the Laws now in Force, Lunatics, or their Guardians or Committees, have not any Power or Authority, upon a Surrender of any Lease of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Life or Lives of one or more PerLn or Persons, or for Terms of Years absolute or determinable on the Death of one or more Person or Persons, to make a sure or effectual Renewal of such Lease or Leases, which is frequently to the Detriment of such Lunatics and their Families, and always to the Prejudice of the Person or Persons intitled to such Renewal Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent IVLjtfty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, in all Cases where any Lunatic is or shall be inrided, or has Right to renew any Lease or Leases made or granted, or to be made or granted, for the Life or Lives of one or more Person or Persons, or for any Term or Number of Years, absolute or determinable on the Death of one or more Person or Persons, or otherwise, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Lunatic, or his or her Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, of his Estate, in his, her, or their Name or Names, by the Direction of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 2 T.

Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain fur the time being, signified by an Order made on hearing all Parties concerned, upon Petition, in a summary Way, fiorn time to time, to accept of a Surrender or Surrenders of such Lcale or Leases; and to make and execute to any Person or accept of. Pci ions, Bodies Politic* or Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, a new Lease or Leases of the Pre- Surren,c,s, an^ mises comprised in such Lease or Leases so to be surrendered by virtue of this Act, fur and during such. j^a|Jjnew Number of Lives* or for such Term or Terms of Years* determinable upon such Number of Lives, or for such Term or Terms of Years absolute, as was or were mentioned or contained in such Lease or Leases so surrendered, at the making thereof, or otherwise* as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain* or the l>ord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being* by any such Order* so to be obtained as aforesaid shall direct.

ii. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Lease or Lcafei so rxc-Leases so to le made or executed as aforesaid shall be and be deemed as good and valid* and effectual in cuted, dcciaroi the Law, to all intents and Purposes, as if such Lunatic was at the Time of making or executing thereof val,d *nd ox fane Mind, and had executed the same in his or her own proper Person; any Thing in this Act* or any former Law, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

liL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines* Premiums* Premiums paid Forcgifes, and Sums of Money, which shall or may be had, received, or paid for* or on account of the on renewing renewing of any such Lease or Leases as aforesaid shall (after a Deduction of all necessary incident Charges Le.'fes (Charge* and Expences) be paid to the Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees* of the said Lunatic* dcdj>^ed)10 and be applied and disposed of for the Benefit of such Lunatic* in such Manner as the Lord High Chan- of Lunatictr*"* ccllor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, shall direct: But* upon the Death of such Lunatic or Lunatics, all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall On Death of ante by such Fines, Premiums, or Foregifts* or so much as shall remain unapplied for the Benefit of such Lunatics, Mo-Lunatic or Lunatics, at his* her, or their Death* shall* as between the Representatives of the real and b*

personal Efiatrs of all such Lunatics, be considered as real Ellate* unless such Lunatic or Lunatics shall be coniiiicrcdMa Tenant for Life only; and then the same shall be considered as personal Lilate. Ellate, unleit

such Lunaic*

CA p YYT fh0.11 be Tenant

r. AAI, for Liic only.

An Act for paving Wapping Street, in the County of M’tddlefeand the several Streets and Passages leading into the same * and for removing all Incroachments and Obstructions therefrom* and preventing the like for the future; and for opening a Passage from Hermitage Street into Nightingale Lane; and paving such Passage* and for the East Side of KightingaU Lane.

It WHEREAS the Pavement of the Street leading from the Hermitage Bridge, in the Parish of Saint

[Preamble.]

John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex* to a Place called Atw Crane, in the Parish of Saint Paul Shadivell* in the County aforesaid* which is commonly called IValpitig Street, and the several Streets,

Lanes, and Passages* opening into die fame, are in a very ruinous Condition; and the said Streets and Places are likeuilc lendered very incommodious* and the Passage through the same greatly obstructed, by Polls and Projections, and other Nuisances* and annoyed by Spouts, Signs, and Gutters; and the said Street, cs'Ld trapping Street* is rendered incommodious* for want of a convenient Passage out of the larr.e at (he Well End thereof; and the present Methods prescribed by Law are found incite ft u a) for removing the said Annoyances and Obstructions* and for the proper paving of such Streets, Lanes, and Places, and keeping such Pavement in fulTicient Repair:* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, "I'hat the Mayor* Aldermen, and Recorder of the City of London, and the Commissioner*-Presidents and J rcafurtrs of Saint Bartholomew's Hospital, ChrijVs Hospital* Bridewell Hospital* and Saint Name*. Ti.on.ass Hospital for the time being; also the several Persons herein after named, being Inhabitants re-ftuirg within the said several Strtecs, Lanes, Passages and Places aforesaid (and which compute the

Hartjhorne* 'jama 1 Italy* 7 homas Hammond* James Herlert* Edward Hore* John Horjhy* Samuel Hinme* 77 :n.ji Lawton* Ruhard Aid) tin* iJaniei Aiartin* Robert Mangles* Peter Mcjtear* Peter Mallard* Richard A/artyn* jdn A It her* George Oliver* joil Ojeiand* John PepucII. James Pctts* Fell Parker* Hugh Robots I iquue, Hath Roberts* JJjn Rimes* Th.rnas Reavcley* Arthur Silverjtde* Thomas Smith Miipwrighr* Samuel V' rred* A t.tt'iiKul Serif tint) Joseph Sheppard* Richard Smith Hatter* I William Taylor* jjeph I inkier* John ll lAuim tligj.n Esquire, Lewis U'ejhn* // iiliam IFiltcn* ilnlliam it au%b* 7 nomas Units* 7 bo-trfas It n«//wf, John /taker* and G1 jf.: h I Vi <//am s, shall be, and they and theii Successors, to be elected in Manner Herein aiier mentioned, are heicby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution: And in calc of 1 he Death of any of the above Commissioners, particularly described by Name or kifuij to »ft, or nc lefting to attend at the Meetings of the said Commissioners which shall be held in punuance of this Act, for the Space of twelve Months* unlcis prevented by Sickness, or other unavoidable Occasion* it {halt be lawful for the surviving or remaining Couiunfiioncu, or any nine or more of them* from time to

lime*

104 C. 21.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect one other Person inhabiting within the said District, to be a Commissioner, in the Room and Stead of such Commissioner so deceased, removed, or ream! Notice to be fusing to act, or neglecting to attend within the Time aforesaid, ten Days public Notice of the Time and given of such Place of Meeting for every such Election being given, by affixing the same in Writing upon the principal

ikaion. Door of the aforesaid Parish Church of Saint jwn of Wapping, and every Person so eicfted shall be, and is hereby vested with the same Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as the Person in whose Place he shall be elected was vested with.

Penalty on

ing if not quail fied.

Victualers in*

in Writing.

In case of the Clerk’s Death, or ftefufal to appoint, Commissioners toap

Qualification of

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioners. Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall then be in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of forty Pounds, or possessed of or intitled to a personal Estate, of the Value of one thousand rounds: And if any Person not being so qualified, shall presume to act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, or Suit, or Information, together with Costs of Suit, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, and wherein the Proof of Qualification shall lie on the Person prosecuted; atia it shall be sufficient on the Part of the Prosecutor to prove, that the Person so prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Victualer, or Per-cVpabic of acting son who shall sell Ale, Wine, or other Spirituous Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Comas Commission- missioner under this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or

Time and Place more of them, shall meet together at the Vestry-Room of the Parish Church of the Parish of Saint John of ers Meeting; tapping aforesaid, the second Monday after the pafljngof this Act, and shall then and there proceed to the who may ad- putting of this Act in Execution: And they the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, being }ourn, 7 the Whole or major Part of the Commissioners appearing at such Meeting, are hereby impowered to ad- d f it iourn themselves from time to time, to meet at the same or other convenient Place within the District afore-thereof^he said, a6 they shall think proper, for putting this Act in Execution: And if at any Meeting, so appointed,

clerk may ap- there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act or to adjourn to another Day, or in case point a Meeting, the said Commissioners shall at any Time omit, neglect, or refuse to adjourn themselves; then, and in and give Notice every such Case, the Commissioners Clerk shall appoint a Meeting of the said Commissioners at the same Place, by public Notice in Writing, to be affixed, at least six Days before the Time appointed by such Notice for such Meeting, on the principal Door of the Parish Church aforesaid: And in case the said Clerk shall die, or be incapable of acting, before the Appointment of such Meeting, or shall refuse or neglect to make such Appointment when required by any two or more of the said Commissioners, then any five or more of the said Commissioners shall and may, by the like public Notice, appoint the said Commissioners to point Meeting, meet at the Place where the last Meeting was held; and that all Orders and Determinations of the said No O de^Td6* Commissioners (save the above Appointment) shall be made at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, and but of the Meet- not otherwise; and that no such Order or Determination shall be valid, unless the Majority of the Comings. missioners present shall concur therein: And the said Commissioners, at all their Meetings, shall defray their

To pay their own Expences; but no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of any of the own Expence. Powers hereby granted, during the Time he shall hold or enjoy any Office of Profit under this Act, or t^to a wh"r ^ave any Share or Entered in any Contraft relating to the Execution hereof. rn°tere°fied.W V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or Theym’y aP- more of them, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, at their first or any subsequent Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rates or Assessments, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officer or Officers for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and are hereby impowered from time to time to remove him or them, and appoint others, as they shall find necessary or convenient; and by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, may, and are hereby impowered to appoint and pay such Salaries and Allowances to fu :h Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed in the Execution of this Act, as they shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may take such Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices by such Person and Persons as afore-Rate» to be paid said, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and such Person or Per-10 the Collectors. fons as js or are hereby made liable to pay the several Rates or Sums of Money hereby granted, shall pay the same to such Person or Persons as shall, from time to time, be so appointed to collect and receive the same, according to the true Meaning of this Act; and all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall direct, deliver to such Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts, in Writing, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all the Monies which shall have been, by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act; and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers and Persons, so accounting as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath, if thereunto required, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered ► 2 and

point Officers,

remove them,

and appoint Others 5 and allow Salaries.

Officers to give Security,

Officers to account, &c.

psy Montes In Hind, and deliver up Boo'cs vkeu icquiictl;

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 21. 105

gnd required to administer) verify their said Accounts: And if any Officer or Person, Officers or Persons, and in cafoor shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver Ncpiutcr Keep the V ouchers relating 10 the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid; or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or any tive or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, wichin ten Days alter being thereunto required by any five or more of such Commissioners, by Notice in Writing given to, or left at the lait or ufuel Place of Abode of any such Officer or Person, and all Books, Papers, and Wriling?, in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act; or shall refuse or neglect ro pay such Monies as, upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in his or their rc-fneftive Hands, to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or as they shall direct or appoint; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, and are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Names Actio&*m*y be of such Commissioners, or in the Names of any three or more of them, in any of his Majesty's Courts oftr0U^hl: Record at Westminster, against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refilling as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, with Costs of Suit; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or by any two or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose of any $aic afoh^Of- such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place fender’* Good*, wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, shall be and reside, such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorised and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before him or them; and upon his or their appearing for not being to be found) to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way: And if upon the Confemon of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witness'es upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons; such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorised and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers,

Person or Persons, offending in the Premises respectively: And if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or AnH for want of Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and Charges of Good.iii* of cK ft raining and felling the same; or in case it shall appear to such Justice or Justices, by the Confession 0ftcndfr ,naJ the said Party so offending, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath, that any Books, Pa-om, imHC pers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, Dial I be in the Custody or Power of any such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, and he or they shall refuse to deliver the same as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, such Justice or Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Offender shall be aixl, reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Marmcr as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make) and until he or they shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners, or any five or moru of them.

VI. Provided always, That no Person who shall be committed on account of his having no Goods or Chattels, shall be detained in Prison for any Term longer than six Months.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the Death of any such Officer, or On Death of orher Person to be appointed as aforesaid, or of his becoming Bankrupt, before he shall have paid and dc- Oukrr>, or ie.

J vered up all the Monies he shall have received by virtue of this Act; then, and in every such Case, the corj,!n* ,n ol-Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, of his Estate and Effects, Jcco«D^f c r other Person or Persons possessing the same, or in whom the same have or hath veiled, shall, in the full w Hare, and in Preference to all other Creditors, pay the said Monies remaining unpaid or delivered up

aforesaid, out of his said Estate and Effects, or as far as the same will extend, to the said Commissioners under this Act, or to any Persons appointed by them, or any five or mote of them, and also all Books, Papers, Writings, and other Things concerning his Office, or relating to the Execution of this Act: And every Executor or Administrator, Assignee, or other Person or Persons possessed of such Effects as aforesaid, mav plead inch Payment in any Act tonor Suit that may be brought against him, her, or them, on account of the said Estateor Effects, or give the same in Evidence: And in case of Non-payment of such Monies, or'Non-delivery of such Books, Papers, Writings, or Things, by the Space of ten Daya after the same shall be demanded; it shall and m; y be lawful for the Person to be appointed by the said Commissioners as aff>re-f*ri, or any five or more of them, and he is hereby required to commence and bring, and authorised G* maintain, oneor more Action or Actions, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at agahffl

forh Executor or Administrator, Assignee, or other Person or Persons possessing the Estate and Effects which did belong to such deceased Person or Bankrupt, for Recovery thereof, together with Costs of Suit, or of Damages, in lieu of such Books, Papers, Writings, and Things.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be employed as a Clerk, Trenftirer, Col- Otfc-r* t.lci'n; Jestor, Receiver, or Surveyor, or any other Officer or Servant, who shall be anywise employed by the 'haiwhcir said Commissioners in putting this Act, or any the Powers thereof, in Execution, mall exact, take, or ac- saUfi 1 C f cept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards, as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for or on account of any Thing done, or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative to the put-Vol. XL P ting

106 C. 21.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

lifted, and shall forfeit 1001«

Commissioner* impowered to pave and alter Sreets, tec, therein named.

or being inte- ting this Act in Execution; or shall any wife be concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contract made» reded in any or to be made, by the said Commissioners, or any of them, for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execu-fh^Commission-t*on ’ every such Person, so offending, shall be'incapable of ever serving or being employed under this Act, ers%r°e^iiTqoa°n" anc^ fl^ll over anc^ above forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, within six Calendar Months after the Offence committed 5 in which said Action, no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the second Monday from the pafilngof this Act, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered, from time to time, to cause, order, and direct the said Street, called Wapping Street, and a Lane opening into the said Street, called Brewhouse Lane, as far as a Lane called Old Gravel Lane, and a Street, called Little Hermitage Street, which opens into tapping Street aforesaid at the West End thereof; and the Street which is hereby authorised to be made and opened from Little Hermitage Street aforesaid, into Nightingale Lane, in the County aforesaid; and also the South End of Nightingale Lane aforesaid, as far as the End of Burr Street, or any of them, to be paved, repaired, sunk, or altered, in such Manner as they shall think fit.

May contract for X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, and are paving the hereby impowered, from time to time, at any of the said public Meetings, as Occasion shall require, to Suren. contract by Deed or Deeds, in Writing, with any Person or Persons, for paving and keeping in Repair the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, authorised to be paved as aforesaid, or any of them; which Contraft and Contrafts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered, in case of Non-performance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works; but previous to the making of any such Contraft, ten Days Notice shall be given in one or more public Newspapers, expressing the Intention of the intended Contraft, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the same, may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Commissioners, at a certain Time and Place in each Notice to be mentioned.

Sbrveyorito i*-

XL. And it is further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or fpc£l the Work*; more of them, and they are hereby directed, to cause all and every the Works done in pursuance of this Act, to be inspected by their Surveyor and Surveyors, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall and if Contract from time to time appoint: And in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently performed, according to nor performed, the true Sense and Meaning of such Contraft or Contrafts, or shall not be finifned and completed at or f °h t0hbC within the Time or Times that the same are agreed to be completed by the said Contraft or Contrafts, the roug 11 ercon. Commissioners shall and may, in their own Names, or in the Names of any five or more of them, bring an Action in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against any Person or Persons so contracting, and neglecting to perform such Contraft or Contrafts, and for any Penalty or Penalties, Damage or Damages, which shall be contained in such Contraft or Contrafts; and upon the proving the Signing of the said Contraft and Contrafts and Non-performance thereof, at the Time or Times for the Purpose therein mentioned, the said Commissioners shall be entitled to, and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties, Damage or Damages; which, when recovered, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall also have full Power and Authority to cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, and brought into the said Streets and Places, authorised to be paved as aforesaid, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, and to employ such Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, and to issue such Money on those Accounts, and to do all and every such other Acts and Things, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall judge necessary, or conducive to the accomplishing the Ends and Designs of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of the Pavements of the Materials verted said Streets and Places to be paved, and of all other Materials and Things which shall be provided and made ifi the Comtmf- use Gf for Purposes of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the Commissioners for the

onc,s’ time being; and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause

Penalty on steal- to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name or Names of any two or more of them, or to prefer, or injuring and order and direct the preferring of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall (teal, take, or carry away any Part of such Materials or Things, or disturb them in the Possession thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, otrftruft, hinder, or molest, any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Workmen, Person or Persons whatsoever, who is, are, or shall be employed, by virtue of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty, every such Person so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any. five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, to sell and dispose of all or any PaVt of the old Pavement, or other Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the same, and to apply the Purchase money to the Purposes of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Part of the

£1" Pavement within the District aforesaid shall be taken up for the Purpose of making, repairing, altering,

rivciucnt"or°P c'canfin2a. or emptying any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, or of laying, altering, or amending any Water-pipe

Materials may be dug out of,

or brought into the Streets, See,

Property of all

the Materials.

Penalty on interruf ting Workmen.

Commissioners may lVII the old Mater »!s.

Notice to be

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 21. 107

or Plug, or for any other Purpose whatsoever 5 the Person or Persons so taking up such Pavement shall im- repairing Vault*, mediately give Notice thereof to the Surveyor to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, m &c.

order that the same may, with all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired, under the Inspection of Commissionert the said Surveyor, and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid determined by the said Commissioners; and they rcl aa,i

shall be reimbursed the same by the Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers, on whole Account, or by whose Order, the said Pavements, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be taken up; but if *n cu such Pavement shall not be taken up on their Account, then such Expence shall be reimbursed by the Occupier or Owner of the Vault or Drain, or other Place, on which Account such Pavement shall be taken tip, or other Person or Persons taking up, or causing the same to be taken up.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for Commissionm the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, from time to time, may compound to compound and agree with the said Companies or Commissioners of Sewers, or other Person or Persons u'th the Com-respectively, for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot or other Measure, as the said Commissioners for put- paa, cs ot Se*ei,# ting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable, in lieu and instead of laying down or repairing such Pavement as shall be necessarily taken up for any the Purposes aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Companies of Water- On Refusal of works, or Commissioners of Sewers, Owner, Occupier, or Person or Persons aforesaid respectively, shall Payment, neglect or refuse to pay what the said Commissioners shall have so paid and disbursed, or what shall be due upon such Contract or Composition as aforesaid, within six Days next after Notice thereof, to be left by the Surveyor or Clerk appointed, or to be appointed, by the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, at the Dwelling-house, or lad Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Secretary or Secretaries,

Clerk or Clerks, of such Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively j which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, by order of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of the Expence of such Repair, or Money due upon such Composition; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said last mentioned Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, commenced, and prosecuted, in the Name of such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, any Action or AQions for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of a, Action m«? Money respectively, with Colls of Suit; but as to the Monies that shall become payable as aforesaid from be brought for the Companies of Water-works and Commissioners of Sewers, such Action or Actions shall be broughtlh* Money, against the respective Treasurers, or other Person or Persons holding, possessing, or having the Management of any Monies belonging to such Companies and Commissioners, in any one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Urt/fminster, in Debt, Case, or otherwise, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which Action or Suit no ElToin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed: And in case such Person or Persons, hereby directed to give such Notice to the Surveyor or Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution as is before directed, shall neglect so to do for the Space of six Hours after such Pavement shall be so taken up, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay ih'- Sum of twenty Shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, for the Purposes of this Act, it Commissionm shall at any Time be found necessary to raise, fink, or otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pipes or p»y for Plugs hid down or placed by the said Companies, or of any of the Leaden or other Pipes which shall be laid in&

into or from any of the said Companies Pipes; which the hid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to cause to be done as often, and in such Places, as they shall think proper; and the same shall be paid for out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be done with as little Detriment or Inconvenience to the said Companies and other Person9, as the Circumstances of the Case will admit of.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and foofren as it shall happen that Water Compi. any Pipe or Pines belonging to any Water Company shall break or burst within the District aforesaid, it nie*Pipesbxeak-shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor to the said Commissioners for the time being, or such other ins» No,cr to Person as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint for that Purpose, to give im- *Pcn to fc'cfl mediate Notice thereof to the Pavior of the Water Company to whom he apprehends such Pipe or Pipes

docs, or an, or may belong, and require him to take up the Pavement, and open the Ground, at or near

the Place where the Water shall or may iff ue by reason of such Pipe or Pipes breaking or bursting, within two Days next after such Notice given to such Pavior, or left at his lad or usual Place of Abode: And if,

upon taki: g up the Pavement, and opening the Ground, it shall appear that the Pipe or Pipes so broke or

b nil do or d >'h not belong to the Water Company whose Pavior shall have taken up such Pavement, and

opened such Ground; that then, and in such Case, the Surveyor, or other Person as aforesaid, shall give

in.mediate Notice to the Pavior of that Company, to whom it shall appear that the said Pipe or Pipes do or

o :h; such Notice to be given or left with such Pavior, or at his last or usual Place of Abode; and the Pavior of rte Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes Thai I belong is hereby required to repair the same,

artI tii! in the (hound, within two Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid; and also, within fix when rrp«irc4

li'.ufs alter Inch Pipes shall be repaired, and the Ground filled in, to give Notice thereof to the Pavior or Notice to be

J*jv or contracting with the said , or to the Surveyor or other Person appointed by the said P»pr» *o Com.

Commissioner* for that Purpose; which Notice may he left at his or their lallor usual Place of Abode: And m li, oocr> p4‘ in cate it shall happen that h- Pjvuu who tirfl receives Notice to take lip the Pavement, and open the not Ground for the Purposes aforesaid, shall take up such Pavement and open such Ground, and it shall then ion*ingu>rhe Oil overH, th.*r the Pipe or Pipes which is, arc, or shall be burll or broke, doth or do not belong to the *ny*ho

Comp r*y to whom he is a Pavior; that then, and in such Case, the Pavior of the Company to whom such °F*n» lh«

1 J |), Pin- Cirouodi we c*

-io8 C. 21.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 177Tr

p ud their Charges by the C'>rrrp.«iy to whom ti.ey belong.

No Alteration 10 he made In the-Pav-ment without C >rr.mi

Pipe or Pipes Jo or doth belong, shall make Satisfaction to the Pavior who so took up such Pavement and opened such Ground, for such Work: And in case the Pavior to whom such Notices shall be so given to take up such Pavement, and open such Ground, shall neglect or refuse to do the same within the said two Days after such Notice given, he shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; and for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds: And in case the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes so broke or burst shall belong, shall neglect to repair and amend the same, and fill in the Ground so taken up, for the Space of two Days next after such Notice given; or shall neglect to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors contracting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, or to such Persons as aforesaid; such Pavior shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds: And if the Person or Persons contracting with the said Commissioners to relay such Pavement, so broke or taken up for the Reasons aforesaid, shall neglect: or refuse to relay such Pavement, in a good, sufficientr r.nd effectual Manner, within two Days after Notice given to him as aforesaid; or if the Surveyoror other Person to whom such Notice shall be given, shall neglect to acquaint the Pavior or Contractor of such No* ti e; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

Paviors to w.i-

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Persons now Tv^Nolkc to l° aPP°‘nrc^ Paviors to the several and respective Water Companies, who shall have any Pipe or Pipes laid in, the Virmor through, or under any of the Streets, Lanes, or Places within the District comprised »n this Act, ftiali, and &c. of their each such Person is hereby required, within fourteen Days next after the passing of this Act, and each such

Names and Pavior hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid is hereby required within the Space of three Days next after he

Abode. shall be appointed Pavior to any such Company, to give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Clerk so*

the time being to the said Commissioners of their the said Paviors respective Names and Places of Abode, and to what Company they are respectively Paviors: And in case any such Pavior shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice as is above required, he shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; and also the like Sum of twenty Shillings every Time he shall remove from such Place of Abode, and omit to give the like Notice within two Days after every such Removal.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall make, or cause to be made, any Alteration in the Form of the Pavement or Pavements of the said Streets, Lanes, or ilion- Places> within the District aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, without the Consent or Direction of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, under their Hands and Seals, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, over and above all Expences incurred, or to be incurred, in reinstating the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to direct and cause the Course of any Gutter or Channel, running in or through the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, within the said District, or any of them, to be turned or altered in such Manner as they shall think proper; and to direct the Grates already placed, or hereafter to be placed, over any Sewers, to be removed and replaced in such Manner, and at such Place and Places, as they shall think raoft proper; so as the same be not detrimental or prejudicial to the public Sewers, and be from time to time done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, and paid for out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often a* there shall be Occasion to make new or additional Grates over any Sewer or Sewers within the said District, or to repair, alter, cleanse, or amend any of the said Sewers, or the Grates over the same, the Clerk for the time being of the Commissioners for the said Sewers shall, at the Request in Writing of the Surveyor for the said Commissioners of Pavement, or other Person or Persons authorised by them for that Purpose, forthwith summons the said Commissioners of Sewers to meet, in order to take the Premises under Confederation, which they are hereby authorised and required to do, at such Meeting; and also at the same Meeting, or any adjourned or other Meeting, to excrcite the several Powers and Authorities with which they dre invested, in order that the said several Works may be speedily and effectually done, completed, and fcnished.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall throw, caff, or lay, or cause or permit or suffer to be thrown, cast, or laid, any Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Soil* or other Filth whatsoever, before his, her, or their Dwelling-house, Shop, Stable, Wall, or other Building in the said District, or in any of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, PalLges, or Places within the District comprised in this Act; but shall keep, or cause the same to be kept* in their respective Houses or Yards, until such Time as the Person or Persons contracted with or employed to carry away such Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Filth, or Soil, do come by or near their Houses, Doors, or Places where they dwell, with a Cart or Caits, or other Conveniency, for carrying away the same; upon Pain of forfeiting, for the first Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings: and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the second Monday next after the passing of this Act, if any Timber, Stones, or other Materials, Goods, Merchandise, or

Streets, Set. by other Things whatsoever, are set out, placed, or lard in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, o*be ,m~ or ^ares> or District aforesaid, so as to obstruct the free Passage thereof v or if any Coach or other Carnage er, or oc.er (except Hackney Coaches, which shall and may (land in such Part or Parts of the said Streets, Lanes, or

Place*

«rs Consent.

CoMrP: of Gut1 \cn may be turned.

*n<t Gntef altered,

V’hrr? it /Nall be

fKcefLiv to nakenew tl ates, or repair o*d one% N< tice to be j’ivi'n to Corner-ilk one: a

f Severs, &c.

Penalty of laying /i Cn <, k*c. in tiit Sutvis.

Penalty on ob-/Inkling the

MiteuaJj.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 21. 109

Places, or fomc of them only, as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any fire or more of them) ih ill be placed or Inhered to Hand, remain, or continue in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Paffigcs afore-i^id, to as to obstruct, endanger, or incommode, any Person or Persons, Carriage or Carriages whatsoever; or in case any Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, shall be placed or ftiffered 10 Hand any li nger than is needful and necessary for loading or unloading thereof respectively; or if any fjch Cart*

I >iay, Waggon, or ether Carriage, shall be placed or set across any Part of the Lid Streets or Places within the said District, or any of them, for any Purpose whatsoever; it shall and may be lawful, in any of the said cases, for any one of the said Commi ft to nets, or any one of their Officers, or Perton to be appointed by thim, or any one of them, to remove Nuilantes, to lcize, or cause to be seized the said Cart, Waggon,

Di. y, Coath, or other Carriage, so placed or futiered to Hand contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, together with the Horie or Horses thereunto belonging, <%.* the Goods, Materials, Matters, and Things jopcciividy, making or occalicning such Annoyance, Nuifiince, or (Jbllruction, and remove the same, or cau.c the tame to be removed, taken, carried away, and deposited in such Place or Places ns the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall direct or appoint; there to remain until the Offender or Offenders shall have paid and discharged all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the carrying away and depositing the same as aforesaid, as also a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for each such Offence: And in case the same shall not he claimed, and the said Sum of twenty Shillings and Charges paid within three Days next after such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or nu>rc of them, or the Person or Persons to be by them appointed for that Purpose, to cause the same to be appr ulVJ and fold, and the Monies arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Adb

XXV. iJ. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall run, drive, pen»hv on <Mv-draw, or cau.e to be run, driven, or drawn, on any Part of the Foot-pavements of the said Streets, Laner, or Places, or any or either of them, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheel barrow, or any Carriage or ctfher Thine whatsoever j^such Person or Persons shall forfeit, for the firH Offence, the Sum of five Shi!-Legs; for the second Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the bum of twenty Shillings: And it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to take the Person or Persons so offending info Custody, and take him or them to a Justice or Justices of the County or Pi-*ce where such OHcncc Hull be committed, to be dealt with as herein alter is directed,

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawfuDrouc*, Sec, iray for ar y Person or Persons to ere^f or set up, or cause to be erected or set up, in any of the said Streets, bc c for Lanes, or Places comprised within the Diilrfct af>rdaid, any Inclosure, Polls, Bars, or Rails, or other *"

Matters or 1 hings, (or the Purpose of making Mortar, and depositing Bricks, Lime, or other Materials for lWvo! budding or repairing any Houses, Buildings, or other Works; every such Person or Persons first obtaining J Cjvc, under the Hand of the Surveyor or Clerk for the time being to the said Commissioners for those Pu j oils rclnCiSlively, which he is hereby Empowered to give by their Permission: But if any Person or Lt.luns shall erccl, set up, or cause to beereditd and set up, any such Inclosures, Polls, Bars, or Rails* or any other Matter or Thing for the Purposes aforesaid, without such Leave first had and obtained; every lu;h Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for every D-y lu^h inclosure. Matter, or Thing as aforesaid, shall remain and continue.

XX)X. And be it further enacted by the Authority a fore said. That all and every Person and Persons Foot-pavemfem* inhabiting within the said DiHiici shall, from and after the said second Monday next after the passing ofna^xcT*'* this Act, (weep and clean, or cause to be swept and cleansed, the Foot-paths before their respective Houses, S*J^J*C)J>1 Fundings, and Walls, once in every Day, between the Hours of fix and nine in the Forenoon (Sundays excepted> under Pain of forfeiting five Shillings for every Neglect therein.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five Hooft* to be or more of them, may order and direct the Houses within the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, or any of mm berea, and them, to be numbered with Figures placed or painted on the Doors thereof, or on such other Part of

fj:d Houses reflectively as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper > b«h*-J on the.

: nd may also Older ai.d direct to be engraved, painted, or otherwise dtfcished, on a conspicuous Pat t of Corner Hovict* fmie House or other Building at or near the Lnd or Corner of each Street, Lane, Court, Y’ard, Alley*

Pa.t-gc, or Place adjoining to, or being near the said Streets, Lanes, or Places hereby authoris'd to be paved respectively, the Names by which such respective Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Palbgcs, or Plat cs so ad oining is ufua'ly 01 properly cal ed or known: And if any Person or Persons fh ill wilfully or n ahvioudy detlroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, or Any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, and shall be convicted thereof by his or their own Conftftion, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or WitnessVs, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace- acting in and for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed y every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum ot five Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the find second *c. to A!:ndcy next after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall or i«6»'U*cd. may cause ail Signs which then, or at any Time after, shall be placed or hung in any P;rt of the said Streets, Lanes, or Places within the District aforesaid, to be fixed or placed on the Fronts of fiHi Houses Kipcctivciy whereunto the same shall belong; and also shall and may cause all Sign-irons, Sign-polls,

Foard?, Spouts, Gutters, Pent-houses, Posts, Rails, or other Things occasioning any Obstru<Stion or Annoyance in the said Streets or Places, to be removed or altered in such Manner as the said Commissioners,

or any five or mote of them, shall think moil proper and convenient: And that for the future all Signs, lurjfds. Spouts, or Gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the Fronts of tho Houses, *Shops, Warehouses, or liuddmgs whereunto they itfpcdively belong* and not otherwise: Aiad if any Person or Persons shall at

any

110

C. 21.

Si?ns, See* tin-uftd, to bz returned.

Steps, &c. projecting too far, to be removed*

Tavement of greets and opening into those to be paved, to be repaired on Notice from the Commissioners;

and in Default thereof the Surveyor may do it, and oblige the Owner to pay the Expence.

Nor to ma!:e voia any Contra A, £rc. between Landlord and I enanl. Tenant ni^y i'e-du'tl such Kx-pence c ut of his Rent,

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

any Time hereafter hang, place, erc<51, or build, any Sign, Sign-pod or Iron, Board, Spout, or Gutter, or cause the same to be done, in any other Manner than as aforesaid; or shall place Polls or Rails, or in any other Manner occasion any Incroachment, Nuisance, or Annoyance to be made in the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, or any of them, comprised within the District aforesaid, or permit or fufter any Nuisance to remain or continue therein; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any, or arry Part of any such Sign, Sign-iron, or Post, Board, Gutter, Spout, Penthouse, or other Projection or Incroachment shall remain unused after the Alteration made thereto as before directed, the same shall be returned to, and be the Property of the Person to whom the same belonged before such Removal or Alteration.

XXXIII. And whereas the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Places within the Distri£I aforesaid, are, in some Parts thereof, greatly obstru£led, and made dangerous to Foot-passengers, by Steps being brought out or projecting from Houses, and by Steps and Doors going down into Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, and by Shew-glasses, Shew-boards, and other Matters or Things projecting from Shops or Houses, over and beyond the Area belonging to such Houses, or into the Footways; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Monday next after the passing of this Act, all such Steps projecting into the Footways of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, anc}. Places, and all Steps and Doors going down out of the Footways into any Cellars, Vaults, or other Places belonging to any House, Shop, Warehouse, or Tenement, as likewise all Shew-glasses or Shew-boards projecting over and beyond the Area, or into the Footways, and all and every other Material, Matter, or Thing, belonging to any House, Workhouse, Shop, Cellar, or other Building, which do or shall cause or occasion any Nuisance, Annoyance, Incroachment, or Obstruction in the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, or any of them, within the Distriifl aforesaid, (either in the Foot or Carriage Way thereof) shall and may be, at the Exjaence of the said Commissioners, from time to time, removed, fixed, placed, or altered, in such Manner and Form as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or their Surveyor by their Direction.

XXXIV. And whereas it is apprehended that the Pavements of the said several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and Passages immediately opening into the said Streets, Lanes, and Places before named and authorised to be paved, and which are within the District comprised in this Act, might be kept in much better Order and Condition than they have hitherto been, without new-paving the same, if further Powers were given unto the said Commissioners appointed by this Adi Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surveyor for the time being to the said Commissioners, or other Person or Persons by them appointed, shall, from time to time, view the State and Condition of the Pavement of the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places, and all Defects and Wants of Repair, and to present the same to the said Commissioners upon Oath (which Oath they, or any two more of them, are hereby impowered to a^minister) and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall thereupon fend Notice in Writing to the Tenant, Occupier, or Owner of the House or Houses, or other Building or Tenement* opposite to which such defective or bad Pavement shall be (to be left at his, her, or their House, or usual Place of Abode) requiring the same to be amended within six Days; and if the same shall not be done according to such Notice, the said Surveyor, or other Person appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause the same to be forthwith amended, and he shall be reimbursed and paid for the same by such Tenant, Occupier, or Owner, immediately after delivering in a Bill or Account containing the Particulars thereof: And in case of Non-payment thereof after such Delivery, it shall and may be lawful for the said Surveyor, or Person aforesaid, to m^ike Complaint thereof to any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Person or Persons so neglecting or refilling to pay shall be or reside; and such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorised and required to issue a Warrant, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the Party or Parties to be brought before him or them; and upon the Party or Patties appearing, or not being to be found after due Enquiry, and Proof thereof by the Oath of the Party making such Enquiry, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way: And if, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or determined by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that such Charges and Expences have been incurred by such Surveyor or Person, and not paid or satisfied by the Party or Parties aforesaid, or any Part thereof; then such Justice or Justices may, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required to issue a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for levying the same, or so much thereof as shall appear to him or them to be reasonably due, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties: And if after Payment of the Monies to be levied as aforesaid, together with all Charges attending such Distress and Sale, there flvdl be an Overplus, then the same shall be paid to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, upon Demand.

XXXV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any Custom, Usage, Contract, Covenant, or Agreement between Landlord and Tenant, touching or concerning the keeping in Repair frch Pavement: And in all Cases where the Landlord is required to keep such Pavement in Repair, it shall and may be lawful for the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, to deduct the reasonable Expence incurred by paving or repairing of Pavement, or so much Monies as he, she, or they shall have paid for defraying the Expence of any such Pavement, out of his, her, or their Rent due, or to grow due to such Landlord or Landlords; who is and are hereby required to allow such

Deductions

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 2T.\ III

Deductions and Payment* in Part of the Rent then due; and every such Tenant or Tenants shall be

acquit ted and discharged of To much of the said Rent as the Money so paid as aforesaid shall amount to.

XXXVI. And, for defraying the Charges and Expences of paving and repairing the said Streets, Rates not to

Lancs, and Places, which the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered to pave, and for f«eed is. 6d.

removing Annoyances and Incroachments therein, and for other the Purposes of this ABe it enacted m lile Pound%*

determined by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, one or more Rate or Rates,

Assessment or Aireftments, shall, twice in every Year, or oftener, if it shall be thought needful by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, be made, laid, and assessed by the said Commissioners,

( r un\ Jcven or more of them, of and upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Wharf, Dock-yard, or other Yards, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, within the said last mentioned Streets, Lanes, and Places respectively, or adjoining to> or opening into the same, and in such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall yearly and every Year order and direct; so as such Rates or Assessments. do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound, in any one Year, of the* yearly Rt nt or yearly Value of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Wharfs, Dock-yards, or other Y-rd', Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements as aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one third Part of the said respective Rates is and are hereby required to be allowed by the Landlord or Landlords of any Houses, Shops,

Wharfs, Dock-yards, or other Yards, Warehouses, or other Buildings and Tenements situate in the said Streets and Places to be rated as aforesaid, to the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers thereof*

*fho shall pay the same; and such Payment shall be adjudged and considered in Law as Money actually paid for Rent clue, or to become due to such Landlord or Landlords of the same Estates respectively; and the o:hcr two third Parts thereof shall be borne and sustained by the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of such Ettate or Effaces.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Rates made by virtue of this grte, to

Aift, shall be allowed and signed by two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County or Place; by two Ju-

who are also hereby impowered and required to grant a Warrant or Warrants for collecting thereof, as fliers, who are*

also for levying of the same by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of to?rarlt War‘ them, shall nominate or appoint; and which Warrants shall be sufficient Authorities to the respective c"^.Cc

Persons thereby authorised for the Purposes therein mentioned; and the said Rates, after the same shall be

so allowed and signed by the said Justices, shall be collected Half-yearly, or oftener, if the said Commis-

liorers, or any seven or more of them, shall think it necessary, by the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid for that Purpose: And if any Person or Persons shall refuse, neglect, or omit to pay the Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they shall be rated or alii, lied at by virtue of this Act, for the Space of ten Days after personal Demand made Manner of<Rt»

thereof, or Demand in Whiting left at the Place of Abode or Occupation of such Person or Persons; then, covcry.

and m every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Person and Persons who shall he

required by such Warrant as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to levy

the fame by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting, refusing,

or omitting to pay the same: And in case no such Goods or Chattels can be found, to be so distrained, or

in cale such Goods or Chattels shall be locked up or secured, or removed from the Person or Persons

authr rjfed ro distrain as aforesaid; so that he or they cannot distrain the same; then, and in either of the*

I- d Cates, upon Information thereof given to the said Justices, or any two Justices of the Peace for the Did County or Place where the Person or Persons so rated and act'cfled as aforesaid shall then reside, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required to commit the Offender or Offenders to* nicer mmnn Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding the Space of six Months, or until the Payment of such Rate or AHelfment, and reasonable Charges occasioned by the Non-payment t accent.

XXXIX. And whereas many Houses within the said Streets, Lanes, and Places hereby authorised to be paved, are or may, by the several Owners or Proprietors thereof, he let out in Lodgings or Tene- are jr‘toot in rrtnts to diver Tenants, whereby it will be difficult to rate and assess such Houses, or to recover such Tcrcmexxs,

T Rates and Allllments when made :* For Remedy w hereof, be it further enacted by the Authority afore- Owm are ;o 'YaiJ, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, be t:f»m time to time, and at all times when they meet, to make a Rate in pursuance of this Act, to rate and a'tcis the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Tciuments as shall be let to or occupied by two or more Tenants; wh.ch Rate and Assessment shall be paid by one or more of the Tenants or Occupiers of any butT^m: Part or Parts of such Houses: And in case any Occupier or Occupiers of any Part of such Houses or I c- f\v5 r.eirents shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, for the like Space of ten Days after such Demand 33 aroicsaid, the said Rate and Assessment shall, in like Manner, he levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods

c*f him, her, or them, to refuhng to pay the same as aforesaid; and such Occupier or Occupiers of such

Tenements icfpcctively is and are hereby required and authorised to pay fuel] Sum and Sunii* of Monty.

(hJl be so rated or alTcttld on the Owner or Owne rs of such Houses, in purhunce of this Act, and to dcJ.ict the same out of the Rent thereof; and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, a;e hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the RchJue of their Rents: And every such Tenant paying such Rate or Rates, A(T ilinent or Assessments, shall be acquitted v.vo miv ci-r^cY

and ddcharged for so much Money as the said Rato or Rates* Allefimcm or Ailcfimoms, shall amount unto, u 0: .*«.

as

II. 2

C. 21.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Miv compound with the Owner flnr the R»tes of Houses, &c, under 10 U Year.

'Where Hot) fes shall be unoccupied.

Owners to be charged only one Half of the Rates;

and the Premises u main a Security.

Churches, Church -yards, Mtrct’ng-hoiiles, dead Walla, and void Spiers of Ground, 5ec. may be rated.

Vacant Grounds to be fenced in jk the Erpence of the Owner.

Tenants tnd

Occupiers to ply the Rates.

as if the same had been actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rent shouH have been, or shall be due and payable.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, from time to time, to compound with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any such Houses, or any other Houses within the fail Streets and Places to be rated as aforesaid, the Annual rent or Value whereof shall be under ten Pounds^ for the Rate by this Aftauthorised to be laid upon such Houses; so as, in such Compositions, there be not remitted to fu< h Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, more than one third of the Rate by this Act laidnpon such Houses respectively.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall so happen, that any of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, Wharfs, Dock-yards or other Yards, or other Tenements, or any Part or Parrs thereof, within the said Streets and Places to be rated as aforesaid, or any or either of them, shall, at any Time from and after the making of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, be empty, untenacted or unoccupied; that then, and in every such Case, one Half of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or one Half of such other Rates a* may be assessed by virtue of this Act, shall be paid by the Owners or Proprietors of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements: And in case of Non-payment thereof, such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Vaults, Cellars, or other Tenements, shall be, and the same are hereby made a Security for, and chargeable with such Arrears; or any Action or Actions may be commenced and prosecuted against the Landlord or Landlords, or Owner or Owners thereof, for the Recovery thereof, with Costs of Suit, in the Name of such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, o* any five or more of them, shall order and direct.

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby required, at such Times as the Rates hereby directed shall be made, to rate and assess, for the Purposes aforesaid, all Churches, Church yards, Meeting houses, and other Places of public Wo(ship, or intended for that Purpose, with the Ground belonging thereunto, Hospitals, Prisons, and all other public Buildings whatsoever, and all void Spaces of Ground fenced in, or otherwise situate and being in or adjoining to the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places, to be rated as aforesaid, at such Rate as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall judge reasonable-; ‘but not exceeding Six pence for every Square Yard belonging to every such Church, Church-yard, Meeting-house, and other Place of public Worship, with the Ground thereunto*belonging, Prison and other public Building, dead Wall, and void Space of Ground: And such Rate or Rates, AssessVnent or Assessments, so to be from time to time made, shall he paid by the respective Persons following; thatds to say, For every Church and Church-yard, by the Churchwardens thereof; for every dead Wall, and vacant Piece of Ground, by the Owner or Owners,<or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof; for every Meeting-house and other Place of public Worship, with the Ground thereunto belonging, by the Proprietor or Proprietors, Trustee or Trustees, or their Treasurer, Minister, or Deacon, or other Person officiating the rein; and for every Hospital, Prison, or other public Building, by the Person or Persons who are now liable to pay for paving or Iceeing in Repair the Pavements in the Front thereof: And in case any of the Persons aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay the said last mentioned Rates to the said Collector or Collectors, upon personal Demand thereof made, or in Writing left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons required to pay the same; then, and in every such Case, the same shall and may be recovered of the Person or Persons so required to pay the same, by any Action in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at W'cjlminster't or Other inferior Courts, together with Costs of Suit, to be commenced or prosecuted in the Name or Names of the Collector or Collectors who shall have so demanded the same; in which Action or Suit no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed,

XLIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Landlords or Owners, Tenants or Occupiers, of any waste or vacant Piece of Ground, or Scite of any House or Tenement, lying in or adjoining to any of the Streets, Lanes, or Places comprised in this Act, which shall lie open to and unfenced from the same, or where the Fence shall be in a ruinous Condition, or out of Repair, shall, within ten Days after Notice delivered to him, her, or them, or any or either of them, by the Order of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, well and sufficiently fence in the Rremifes mentioned in such Notice, or cause the old Fence (if any) to be well and sufficiently repaired within the Time aforesaid: And in case such Works shall not be completely finished within the Time aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order and cause the same to be done, completed, and finished; and the Tenant or Occupier thereof, or other Person in Possession thereof, or seised thereof, to whom such Notice as aforesaid shall have been given, shall pay the Expsoce. thereof upon Demand of the Person authorised by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to receive the same: And in case of Refusal or Neglect to pay the same, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall authorise, appoint, order, or direct, for that Purpose, to bring, commence, and prosecute one or more Actions or Suits for the Recovery of such Expence, together with Costs of Suit, from the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay as aforesaid.

XLIV. And, to the End the said Rates may be more effectually collected and received,* Be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Wharfs, Cellars, Docks, Dock-yards or other Yards, Vaults, or other Tenements, are and shall be liable to pay all and every the Rates and Assessments that shall have been rated and assessed by virtue 5 of

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 21. 113

of this Act, for or in respcll of the Tenement or Tenements by him, her, or them respectively occupied, and all Arrears thereof accruing and becoming due while the said Tenements were empty and unoccupied, when no Composition shall have been made as aforesaid, to the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and shall be subjcll to such Distress and Im-jprisonment as aforesaid, in case of Non-payment thereof as aforesaid: And in case of such Payment, such Tenant or Tenants, and Occupier or Occupiers, shall be at Liberty, and is and are hereby authorised to deduct and detain, out of his, her, and their Rent, such Proportion of such Rates, as he, she, or they shall respectively pay for on account of the several Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Landlord or Landlords of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Wharfs, Docks, Dock-yards, or other Yards, Vaults, or other Tenements.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or Persons, who have or hath heen rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Wharf, Shop, Vault, Ccdlar, Dock, Dock-yard or other Yard, or Tenement, whereupon such Rate or A (left me nt has been made, before he, she, or they shall have paid the same, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the same when due, and demanded as aforesaid, by the Person or Persons authorised ind appointed to colleH and receive the same; that then, and in every such Case, it shall and maybe lawful to and for such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and every or any of them, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County or Places (which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to grant) into any Place within their respective Jurisdictions, or out of the Limits thereof, such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate in the County, City, or Liberty, where the Distress is to be made; to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, and the same to fell, rendering the Overplus (if any such shall be) after deducting the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels demanding the same.

XLVI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, with two or more Justices of the Peace of the County or Place aforesaid, and they are hereby impowered, upon the Complaints of any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made by virtue of this Act, who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved thereby, to mitigate, reduce, or Icflen the same, as they, in their Discretion, shall think just and reasonable; and also to remit or excuse the Payment thereof by any Person or Persons hereby made subject to the Payment thereof, for or on account of the Poverty or Indigence of such Person or Persons, or Inability to pay: And the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint or order the Time and Place of hearing such Complaints; and Notice thereof, left in Writing with, or at the Place of Abode of, the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay such Rates after Demand made thereof as aforesaid, shall be sufficient; and such Justices are hereby required to attend, upon Notice to them thereof given, by order of any three or more of the said Commissioners.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons paying the Rates and Assessments of this Act laid, within the Streets, Lanes, and Places to be paved as aforesaid, shall be, and they and every of them is and are hereby exempted and discharged from all other Charges and Expences of paving the same Streets, Lanes, and Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, and also from all Penalties which may or might be incurred by reason or means of their neglecting to pave the same respectively; any Law, Statute, or Usage 10 the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed, deemed, or taken to impeach, alter, or make void any Agreement made between Landlord and Tenant, either expressed or implied, in any Lease now granted, or to be expressed or implied in any Lease hereafter to be made pursuant to any ContraH or Agreement for a Lease, now subsisting, touching, or concerning the paving the said Streets, Lanes, and Places to be rated as aforesaid, or any Part of them, or either of them; but that every Person or Persons, who, by virtue of any Lease already granted, or any Lease hereafter to be made pursuant to any Contract or Agreement for a Lease now subsisting, is, are, or ought to be obliged or liable to pave and keep in Repair any Part of the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, or any of them, shall, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made and aftcssed, or so much thereof as shall, by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, be deemed just and reasonable, according to the true Meaning of such Lease, ContraH, or Agreement, for and during such Time as such Lease, Contract, or Agreement, shall remain in force, or ought to have Continuance; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person who shall be appointed to the Office or Duty of Collector of the said Rates and Assessments, or any Part thereof, shall refute or neg’ect to take such Office and Duty upon him, within the Space of six Days next after such Rate or Aifillment as aforesaid shall be made, and delivered or tendered to him; every Person so refusing or neglecting, and also every Rich Person who shall be negligent in the Performance or Execution of his Jjufy, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

L. Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall be obliged to serve the said Office of Collector oftener than once in three Years.

LI. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any Collector of the said Rates or Assessments shall kecom* insolvent, or shall imbezzle or make away with, detain or misapply, any Sum or Sums of Money so collected by him for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall die poifciTcd of any Sum or Sums of Money by him Vol. XL CL or

Occupier* quitting without paying Ka’Ci, may be folio w-ed.

Commissionen with two Juf-tiict, impowereA to mitigate 01 remit Kati$c

Person* paying this Rate, exempted from all o*her Exptncca of Paving.

Agreement between Landlord and Tenant not vacated { and Tenant* paying the Rate* ro be alleHed by virtue of this Act, not obliged to pave, &c.

Penalty on CM-leden ref Ji ng to execute the Office.

None liable to fctvc abov; once in three Yeary. In case of Collectors becoming insolven*, the Mom< s to be again allciled.

114, C. 21.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 177*.

Collectnri disqualified from acting as Commissioners.

Pavements liable to be repaired by any Parish, &c. are to be repaired at their Expence by the Commissioners Paviors.

T^e Commissionerimaycom-. pound with such Parishes.

7C001. may be advanced for the Purchase of Annuities,

Annn’ties to be charged upon the Rates,

and deemed

indefeasible

Estates,

net chargeable to the Land Tax.

Receipts and Orders for Payment to be signed, and given to the Contributors.

Annuit'es may he assigned toties quDtics.

Hoofer, Arc. to

rif<* perpt ndicu-lall', whennew-Vwilt, or ntw-itynted.

or them colle3ed by virtue of this Act, or so as the same cannot be obtained by the Time the said Commissioners shall stand in need thereof for the Purposes for which the same was collected; then, and in every such Case, such Sum and Sums of Money shall be again rated and assessed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, in the Streets, Lanes, and Places, for which such Person shall have been appointed Collector, in such Proportion and Manner as the Rates are directed to be made by this Act; apd shall be colle3ed, levied, and distrained in such Manner, and under such Penalties, as are herein provided for colle3ing and levying the Rates due and payable by this Act.

LII. Provided always and be it enacted, That none of the Commissioners herein named* or who shall be hereafter chosen by virtue of this Act, shall a3 as Commissioners, during such Time as he or they shall execute the Office of Colle3or of Co)le3ors of the Rates to be raised and levied pursuant to this Act*

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where apy Part or Parts of the Pavements of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or other Places within the Distri3 as aforesaid, hath or have been accustomed, or ought to be paved and repaired by any particular Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and not by the Owners or Occupiers of the Houses or other Buildings adjoining to the Pavements of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Places respectively; the same shall be paved and repaired at the Expence of the respective Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by the Pavior or Paviors contracting with or employed by the said Commissioners.

LIV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree for the same with any such Parish or Parishes, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot or other Measure, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable.

LV. And whereas the Money to be colle3ed, by virtue of the Rates to be made in pursuance of this Act, will not be sufficient for the speedy carrying into Execution the Purposes aforesaid \ Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of seven thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of such Contributor or Contributors respectively, or the natural Life of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor or Contributors respectively, at the Time of Payment of his, her, or their respective Contribution-money, so as the said Annuity or Annuities do not exceed the Rate of ten Pounds by the Hundred, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum, to be paid as aforesaid.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuity or Annuities, so to be purchased under and by virtue of this Act, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from time to time out of, the Monies arising by the Rates and Assessments as aforesaid; and all and every the Contributor and Contributors upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Contribution or Purchase money for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this Act, to have, receive, and enjoy, the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, out of the said Rates or AlVeflments by this Act‘appointed for the Payment thereof as aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to* be nominated by each such Purchaser or Contributor as before mentioned; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have good, fore, absolute, and indefeasible Estates and Interest in the Annuity or Annuities so by him or them respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said Annuities shall be subject or liable to the Tax charged or to be charged upon Land by Authority of Parliament; and that every Contributor upon this Act for the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid* his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase money, shall have a Receipt or Receipts for the same, and also an Order on Parchment (which may be made without any Stamps) for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities for and during the natural Life of the Person who shall be so nominated as aforesaid, by four quarterly Payments in the Year; which Order shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; and after signing thereof, the same shall be firm, valid, and of good efie3 in the Law, according to the true Purport and Meaning of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to atlign such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof or IntercA therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, ai d so toties quoties, and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Orders and Assignments shall be made, in tire Book to be kept as hereafter mentioned, at the Charge of the said Commissioners for which Entry or Memorandum the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and no more; and no such Assignment shall be deemed val:d, unless such Memorandum or Entry shall be first made as aforesaid.

LVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Houses and Buildings hereafter to be built or new-fronted, or any Part thereof, within the Diflri3 aforesaid, flinll, for the cffc3uai and absolute Prevention of all Manner of Projt3ions, Annoyances, and Inconveniencies thereby, rife perpendicularly from the Foundation: And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times he easter, presume to build or new-front any House or other Building, or any Part thereof, within the Distii3 aforesaid, or cause the same to be done, or rife otherwise than perpendicularly from such Foundation, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be pulled down and removed by any Perform Workmen, or Persons they dull think fit;

the

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C.

115

mc v,oits ai.u

UU3 aiiVJ v be paid and reimbursed to the Lid Commissioners or any five .37 z^Z

of them, or their Srder, by the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Buildings, or other Person or Persons ordering or directing the same: And in case of such Refusal or Neglect in paying or reimbursing the same to the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, it shall and may be lawful for any five or more of them to cause any Action or Act it ns to be brought in the Name of any of their Officers, for the Recovery thereof, with Costs of Suit.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Receiver or Receivers of the Rates or Assessments, or for any other Person or Persons authorised by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at all convenient Times, (first having an Order under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for that Purpose) to inspect the Books of Aiklfments of the Land l ax, and also the Books or Rates made for raising Money for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, of all or any of the Parishes or Places into which the District hereby described doth extend, or either of them, in order to ascertain the Rates and Assessments to be raised by virtue hereof; and also to take Copies thereof, or make Extracts therefrom; and likewise to inspect and take Copies of, or Extracts out of or from, any Book or Books kept by any Parish Officer or Officers, or other Officer or Officers appointed by Authority of Parliament within the Cities of London or Westminster, or County of Middle (ex 1 for the paving, cleansing, or lighting any Square, Street, Lane, Place, or Distiidt, in Linden, Westminster, or Middlesex; which inspection, Copies, and Extracts, the Vestry Clerk or Vestry Clerks, or other Officer or Officers of the respective Parishes and Places, or other Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, having the Custody of such Book, Aflbffment, and Rate, Books, Assessments, and Rates, are hereby required to permit and fufler to be made, without Fee or Reward, by such Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, on their producing an Order under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for that Purpose: And in case any such Vestry Clerk, or other such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, shall neglect or refuse so to do, within three Days after such Order shall be produced and shewn to him or them, or a Copy thereof left at his or their last or most usual Place of Abode; then, and in <very such Case, he or they so refusing or neglecting, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings: and for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

LX. Provided always, That as such Annuitant or Annuitants shall die off, and such Rates or Assessments can be lowered and reduced, the same shall be so done, in equal Proportions, from time to time.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies raised or collected, by virtue or by Means, or under the Authority of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners; and all Monies raised or collected by virtue of this Act shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and Expences of procuring and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the first Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter two-thirds or more of the Householders, and Landlords or Owners of Houses and Tenements, within any the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Passages, or Places, opening immediately into the said Streets, Lanes, and Places herein before mentioned and authorised to be paved, shall, at any Time hereafter, apply by Petition to the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, expressing their Desire to have the same pived, and cleared of Incroachments, Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances; that then it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any nine of them, to cause the same to be done; and they are hereby impowered to rate and assess the Inhabitants of such Street, Lane, Passage, Alley, Court, or Place, for the Purposes aforesaid (so as such Assessment does not exceed one Shilling and Sixpence in the Pnunl), and to raise Monies upon Annuities for Lives, or otherwise, upon the Credit of such Rate or Assessments, sufficient for defraying the Expences of the said Works only; and the Pavement of the said Street, Line, or other Place comprehended in such Petition, shall, after an Order made by the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, for the Purposes aforesaid, be from thenceforth vested in the said Comrr.’lfioners appointed by this Act; and such Street or Place shall remain under the same Government, Direction, and Management of them and their Officers, or other Persons appointed by them for tint Purpose, as the said several Streets, Lanes, and Places, first authorised to be paved; and the said Commissioners, Officers, Servants, Workmen, and other Persons acting under them, shall have the same Power and Authority, in, over, and through such Street or Place petitioned for as aforesaid, and the several inhabitants, Lnn Jiords, Tenements, and Occupiers thereof. Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Officers, Servants, and Workmen, and all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever intended or imitled to any Privilege therein, and every Matter and Thing relating to the Premfcs, as the Lid Commissioners appointed determined by this Atft, and their Officers, Servants, and Workmen acting under shem, are invested with by this Act, for the better Management, ordering, regulating, and rendering more commodious the several Streets and Places hereby first authorised to be pavcJ; and every C'laulr, Matter, and Thing contained in this Act, shall be construed, adjudged, deemed, and taken to exfcnil to every such Street, Lane, and Place, petitioned for as aforesaid, as also to the several Inhabitants, Landh rds Tenants, and Occupiers thereof. Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, thcii Officers Servants, and Workmen, and all and every other Person and Persons interested or inti tied to any Privilege therein, and every Matter or Thing relating to or in anywise concerning the Premises, in like Manner as the same Clauses extend, or shall be adjudged or onftrued to extend, in similar cases, to the several Streets and Places first authorised to be paved, and the several Inhabitants,

Q_2 Landlord*,

Receiver, or

other Person authored r>y the Commissioners, are to be -llo w-d to ihfpott and tak- Ci pies of, or Extras from the Books of Land Tax, and ot Poors Rates, dec. in the le-veral Pariftiei, grati^ in ordtr to ascertain ths said Assdlmentf.

Penalty for Refusal.

As Annuitants die, the Rates to be lowered. Monies rai fed vcl ed in the Commissioners, to be applied for the Purposes of this A<fl. Expences of passing this Act to be lirft paid. Optional Clause.

The Out Streets mav he pjvrd by the Commissioners, upon Petition of thr Tcn. nts, dee.

and may afp fs the Innjb.tann and to tai.c Mo* nies by Ann n I'Ci for Lt\ es., to defray the Fx pence of fuca Pavement j and then such Street to be comurehfn Jed in this Act.

n6 C. 2l.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

with the Bufi-aefs relating thereto, to be kept separate.

Commissioners may compound

gate the same.

Commissioner* may contract for the Purchase of Lands, *c. out of Little Hermitage Street,

Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof. Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever interested or imitled to any Privilege therein, or to any Matter or Thing relating to the Premises; and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, shall be inflicted, and for the like causes, as are herein expressed; and shall be sued for, recovered, levied, and executed in the same Manner.

Accounts of

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Accounts of the Re-such Pavement, ceipts and Disbursements arising upon the Works to be done for the Street or Place comprised in such Petition, and all other Business and Transactions relating thereto, shall be kept separate and distinct from the Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements arising in consequence of the Works to be done in the several Streets and Places herein before first authorised to be paved, and other Business and Transitions relating thereto; but that such Accounts, as also the Accounts of the Business arising in consequence of any subsequent Petition, shall be kept separate and distinct from each other, and in nowise interfere one with the other j and the Monies, Cash, or Fund of each Account, shall be applied to the Uses only for which such Account is kept, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for p the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree with

ivciTby \his any Person or Persons against whom any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, commenced,

Aa, ormiti. or prosecuted, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in this Act, or in any Contract or Contracts hereafter to be entered into, on account of any Breach or Non-performance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and also to mitigate, compound, or lefTen any other the Forfeitures incurred under this Act; so as the Sums so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of any Clause comprised in this Act, or of such Contract or Contracts, and all the Cods, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby; and so as the Mitigation of the other Forfeitures as aforesaid do not extend to remit above one Moiety of the said Forfeitures respectively.

LXVI. And, as the rendering of Wapting Street more commodious will be of great Advantage to all those that are concerned or interested in the Trade or Merchandise brought into the River Thames, by reason of its Affinity to and immediate Communication with the said River, as well as to the Inhabitants thereof, and the Public in general ;* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to contract and agree for the Purchase of any Houses, Shops, or Warehouses, or any Part thereof, or any Lands, Grounds, or other Tenements or Hereditaments, with the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and all other Persons interested therein respectively, as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall think necessary to be purchased, for making and opening a Street, not exceeding thirty Feet wide, out of the said Street called Little Hermitage Street, into the said Street or Lane called Nightingale Lane aforesaid; and also for rendering Wapping Street aforesaid more useful and commodious, and for clearing the same from Projections and other Obstructions; and upon Payment of the Sum or Sums agreed upon for such Purchase or Purchases, to cause such Houses or other Buildings to be pulled down, and such Grounds, or so much thereof as they shall adjudge necessary, to be laid into the said Street intended to be made, and the said Street called Wappin* Street, for the Purposes aforesaid; and to pay the Purchase money, and all Expences attending such Purchases, out of any Monies arising by virtue of this Act.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, and Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Ccftuique Trusts, whether Infants or KTue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whatsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised in their own Righrr and to and for all and every Person and Persons whatsoever who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to sell and convey all or any of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Estates and Interests, or any Part thereof, to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be made by such Persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or 1 flue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them; any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: And all such persons so conveying as aforesaid shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission or Mistake of Matter of Form whatsoever: And if it shall happen that any Person or Persons, bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons seised or possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as aforesaid, of the^EftatM^ ^ltuate between the said Street called Little Hermitage Street and the said Street or Lane called Nightingale r interests* " Lane, or in a certain Messuage or Tenement situate on the North Side of Wapping Street aforesaid, at "the 9 West Corner of an Alley opening into the said Street, commonly called or known by the Name of Milk Alley, now or lately occupied by Dupree, and containing in Front thirteen Feet six Inches, or

thereabouts, from East to West, and twenty-seven Feet and six Inches, or thereabouts, from South to North, shall refuse to treat or agree for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Estates and Interests therein respectively with the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, or with any Person or Per-

7 foils

Corporations, See may con-tr^dt for the Sale of Lands, &c.

Bodies Politic, Scc. refuting to

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

C,ai. 117

Tons authorial by them, or any nine or more of them, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the

Prcrmfcs they are in P^flhfiion of, or to the Interest they claim, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or of the Person or Pci ft-ns so authorised by them; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be law- Commissionert ful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and lo "rjea War-impowered to illiie a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff of the County of 'to ium Aluid.ejrxy who is hereby authorised, directed, and required accordingly to impannel, summon, and re- ^ouajury, turn a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not less than forty-eight, nor more than seventy-two; and out of such Persons lo impannelled, summoned and returned, whoiretobc a Jury or twelve Men Hull there be drawn by some Person to be by the said Commissioners, or any five or dr*Wf1 *s lh*r more of them, appointed, in such Manner as Juries for Trials of issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at ^rc<i^ C0‘ 9 11 'nhmnfler^ by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act UC the litter Regulation of Juries, are directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Commissioners,

r any five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed; and al! Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Chal- Juor* may be 1 enges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array: And the said challenged. Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered, by Precept or Pre- ^mincaTa' cepcs, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons

whomsoever who ill a i 1 be thought proper or necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses before them, on their Oath or Oaths, touching and concerning the Premises; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, if they think fit, shall and may Tikcwife authorise the said Jury to view the Place or Places in tiueftion, in such Manner as they shall direct: And the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day, as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties, to attend, until all such Affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded: And the said Jury, upon their Oaths, (which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such J'»ry toafTcfs the-Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of Dam<lgcl* them, are hereby impowered to administer; shall inquire of and assess the Value of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and the Damages that will be sustained thereby, and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estates and Interests claimed therein, or in any Part thereof: And the said Cum- Commissionert missioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may give Judgement that the Sum or Sums of Money g,*c final so to be assessed be the Value of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of such respective Estates thereon!0* and Interests therein, and Damages sustained; which said Verdict or Verdict, and the said Judgement Previous Notice thereupon (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons interested, or claiming so to be, atto be given to Kail fourteen Days before the Time of the Meeting of the said Commissioners and Jury, by leaving such Panicsintcreft-Notice at the Dwelling-house of such Person or Persons, or at his or their usual Place or Places of Abode, cd* or with some Tenant or Occupier of some of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, intended to be valued and addled, in case such Party cannot otherwise be found out to be served with such Notice)

shall be binding and conclusive, as to Value and Damages, as well against the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against every other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and against all other Persons whomsoever claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use, or Interest, in, to, or out of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money Upon Payment so to be awarded or adjudged to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be awarded, for the Purchase of the Sums af. of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for the Purchase of any Estate or Interest l^ere‘n> ^jr^,c^err!dC# such Person or Persons shall make and execute, or procure to be made or executed, good, valid, and legal to the°Comnjif* Conveyances, Assignments, and Assurances in the Law, to the said Commissioners, or any five or more Goners, of them, of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or of such Efl-te or Interest for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded; and shall procure all necdTary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Alignments, and Assurances; and shall do all Acts, Matters, and T hings, necessary to make a good, clear, and perfect Title to the said Commissioners: And in case the Person or Persons to whom Where a good such Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded as aforesaid, shall not be able to evince their Title to the Title cannot be Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, and to make or pro- dc* or circ to be made good, valid, and legal Conveyances thereof, or shall refuse so to do being thereto required, and the Sum or Sums so iflefled and awarded being produced and tendered to be paid to him, her, or them,

on their making such Title, and executing or procuring to be executed such Conveyances, Assignments, or Assurances as aforesaid; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be or the P*rtle*

so awarded, cannot be found; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said not to be fuunJ,

Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so assessed

and awarded as the Value of and Purchase money for the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-general of the High Court ot Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the Lid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m) subject to the Order, Controul, and Difpr fition of the said Court of Chancery; whuh said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Cl. im to such Sum, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby impowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the same Court shall feern meet, to order Dfttribution thereof according to the rdpedive Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, of, in, or to such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

ii^3 C. 2

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Verdictt s, iec. to be registered.

Commissioners may invert Mo

ments, to be made appear to, and to be declared by the said Court, and according to the Value thereof

assessed, as aforesaid; and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall fcem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cafluers of the Bank o{England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and

specifying for what Premises, and for whose Use, the same is or are received, to such Person as shall pay

any such Sum or Sums into the Bank of England as aforesaid.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That a Memorial of all such Verdictb, Judgements, Sentences, Decrees, and Orders of the said Commissioners and Juries, as relate to or concern any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lo to be purchased, shall be entered in the Office appointed for registerine Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, within the County of Middlesex; and the said Verdidh, Judgements, Sentences, Decrees, and Orders, shall be deemed and taken to be Records to all Intents Copies good Evi-and Purposes whatsoever; and the same, or true Copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be a good deuce. and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons shall and may have Recourse to the same gratis, and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not exceeding two hundred Words Sixpence, and so proportionably for any greater or lesser Number of Words: On such Pay- And immediately after such Verdicts, Judgements, Sentences, Decrees, and Orders of the said Commis-^"e'fHn'the^ fi°ners and Juries, and Payment into the Bank as aforesaid, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use,

said Vonimif- Fruft, Property, Claim, and Demand in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons (to whose Credit

(knci». such Money shall be paid) in, to, and out of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises,

shall vest in the said Commissioners, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed the same by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled. Feoffment with Livery and Seisin, Fine and Recovery or any other Conveyance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whose Credit such Payment shall have been made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife or Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail, in Reversion, or Remainder, and the Issue or Issues of such Person or Persons, and every Person chiming under them, as effectually as a Fine or Recovery would do, if levied or fuft’ered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Com-tie in the Pub- m*loners> or any ^ve or more of them, before such Payment into the Bank as aforesaid, and before any HcVunds, C&c. Application in respect thereof to the said Court of Chancery, at the Petition of any Person or Persons in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to place out or in vest, or cause to be placed out or inverted, such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, in some of the public Funds or Government Securities, at Interest, in the Name of any Person or Persons authorised and appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for that Purpose, in Trust, to transfer and assign the same to the Person or Persons to whom the Premises belong, on their executing proper Conveyances thereof; and, in the mean time, in Trust, to pay the Interest and Dividends arising therefrom to the Person or Persons who was or were in Possession of the said Premises at the Time of the said Payment into the Bank*

LXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall be intitled to recover the mesne Profits of the Premises against the Person or Persons in Possession, in case the same had not been so conveyed to or vested in the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be intitled to recover the Sum or Sums to arise from such Interest and Dividends as aforesaid, by Action of Debt or otherwise, against the Person or Persons who shall receive the same; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make such Order as aforesaid on the Bank for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, as shall be necessary, in order to the same being so invested in public Securities; and the said Commissioners shall be quieted in the Possession of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for which such Money shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable, in any Court of Law or Equity, for the Money so deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the Tenor, Purport, and true Meaning of this ActE

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum or Sums of Money (b assessed by the said Jury, and ordered and adjudged by the said Commissioners to be paid to the Owners, Occupiers, and others, for their respective Interests in the Premises aforesaid, shall not be paid, tendered, to ^binding"0' or ^epofited by the said Commissioners, as herein directed, within six Calendar Months after the same shall c ln ing‘ have been so a fie fled, orde.cd, and adjudged; then, and in such Case, the Verdict of the said Jury, and the Order and Adjudication of the said Commissioners, shall not be binding upon the said Parties j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Principal Money arising from the Sale of any Hjufes, Edificts, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased, for the Purposes contained in this Act, of any Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Feme Covert, shall be paid to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively nominate to receive the same, in Trust, with all convenient Speed, then afterwards to be rcinvtfted in the Purchase of other Me flu ages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, as the Houses, Edifices, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased of them respectively by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, were respectively limited or assured at the Time of such Purchase, or so many thereof as, at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements, shall be existing, and capable of taking Effect.

Commissioneri to order the same to be paid -accordingly.

-If Money not tendered, the

Verdicts and

P'M'hase-mo-nies of Premises held in Trurt, to be inverted in other Purchases to the same Uses.

c.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C.

119

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of any such Estate or Interest of any Ferae Conveyance by Covert to the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons in Truil for them, by Bargain and Sale ac- Feme* Covert knowledged by such Feme Covert, and to be inrolled in the said Office appointed for registering Deeds, * *Jed

Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances within the County of Middlesex, within six Calendar effectuali Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such F eme Covc/t in the Picmifes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do, if levied or fuftered theteof in dup Form of Law; and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoeverto be made of and To all other any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as shall be purchased by the said Commissioners, by Bar?aini an<1 virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, shall have the Force, Effect, and Operation in Law, to all ©Mbit

Intents and Purposes, which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have, if Je-

vied or suffered by the Ba. gainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons seised of any Estate in the Pre-vniics, in Trull for or to the Use of such Bargainer or Bargainers, in any legal Manrifcr or Form whatsoever.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, having any Person* having Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, ?ny Right, Srr. Remainder, or Expectancy, in, to, or out of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which, by vir- ^afe^t^emer tue and for the Purposes of this Act, shall be purchased by, and conveyed or mentioned, or intended to be 'heir claim conveyed to the said Commissioners by any such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, shall, within the Space of within a limited/ five Years, to be computed trom the Date of the Inrolment of such Bargain and Sale, enter a Memorial Time, orbedv-of such their Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand, in a Book to be for that Pur- barred: pose prepared and kept by the Clerk appointed by the said Commissioners; which Book such Clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly; and for which Entry he shall be intitled to such Fee, and no other, as the Register of the County of Middlesex is by Law intitled to for the Registry of a Memorial containing the same Number of Words: And all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, not entering such Right, Claim, and Demand, within such Time and in such Manner as aforesaid; or having lo entered the same, and not prosecuting such their Right, Claim, and Demand, with Effect, within the Space of five Years, to be computed from the Time of such Entry; shall be for ever barred of all Righr,

Title, Use, Equity, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, in, to, upon, or out of the said Premises, and every Part thereof; and the Ibid.Commissioners, and thoie claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the Possession of all such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises; any Law, Statute* Usage, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons barred of any But at Liberty-Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said Lands, Tene- rr'over the ments, and Hereditaments, by virtue of this Act, shall be at Liberty to bring any Action or Actions of personsTV

Debt, for Money had and received to his or their Use, against any Person or Persons, or the legal Repre- cejving t^c tentative of any Person or Persons who received the Purchase money arising from such Sale of the said fame.

Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises aforesaid; and that in every such Case the respective Plaintiffs, on Proof of such T itle as would have enabled them to recover such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or any Estate or Interest in the same, shall recover the said Purchase money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their Interest in the said Premises, together with such Interest as shall be equivalent to the mesne Profits of the Premises which they should have been intitled to recover in case this Act had not been made.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant at Will, or Lessee for a Year, or other After Parcha^, Person or Persons in Possession of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments and Premises, or any Part TcnanU l° de" thereof, which shall be purchased by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and who shall have no greater '

Interest in the Premises than as Tenants at Will, or as Ltffee by Parole for a Year, or from Year to Year, Month* after frail, at the Expiration of six Calendar Months after Notice in Writing left upon the Premises, or so soon Notice, alter as he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners, or any Person authorised by them, or any five or more of them, to take Possession thereof: And in case any such Person or Persons shall retufe to give such Possession, then it shall and may On Refuel, be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to iftiie their Precept or Precepts ,ner*

to the Sheriff’ of the County of Ahdd.tjex, to deliver Possession of the Premises to such Person or Persons crpt^to ffieShe*-as fh-dl, in such Precept or Precepts, Dc nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff is hereby rc- riff to deliver qoired to deliver Possession accordingly of the said Premises, and to levy such Coils as shall accrue from the Potfeihon. liming and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refilling to give Possession as afort iaid, by Distress and hale of hi% her, or their Goods.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mort- Mort?actcf, on gage or Mortgages on such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, now being in Possession thereof by Tcr<jrr ot I'm* virtue of luth Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, on the T ender of the Principal JVloney and Interest due CJral a,d Io' thereon, together with six Months Interest of the said Principal Money, by the said Commissioners, or any tc,c. to<oa" five or rnoie of them, nr by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately assign such Mortgage VCy* or Mortgages to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to Inch Person <h Persons as they frail appoint, in Truit for them; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the l«:d Commissioners, or any five or more d them, that they will pay off and dpcharge the Principal and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of six Calendar Months, to be computed from such Notice given, that then, at the End of the said six Calendar Month* on Payment of the Principal and interest so due* such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall assign his,

C.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

120

her, or their Interest in the Premises, to the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they, or any On Refusal, In- five or more of them, shall appoint, in Trust: for them: And in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall tertft to cease. refuse to assign as aforesaid on such Tender or Payment, that then all Interest on every such Mortgage shall cease and determine.

Frcmifci to veil

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due upon in the Cemrnif- any Mortgage as aforesaid into the Bank, at the End of six Calendar Months from such Notice as aforesaid, fioner*. for t^e use of t^e Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like Manner as is herein before directed in case of other Payments into the Bank; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of every Person or Persons in Trust for him or them, shall vest in the said Commissioners, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Monies to be

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money to be paid pursuant to any such Agreement before^set made or Verdict as aforesaid, or on any such Mortgage, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon all of the Premises' Monies which shall be raised or received for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be tendered to the Party or Parties intitled to the same; and in case of Refusal to accept the same, shall be paid into the Bank of England in the Names of any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for that Purpose, in Trust for such Person or Persons as shall be intitled to receive the same, before the said Commissioners shall proceed to pull down any House or Houses, or other Erections or Buildings, or to use the Ground for any of the Purposes of this Act.

TP*wer to fine

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any live or more of them, shall Sheriffs, &c. for have Power, from time to time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, not attending. on fajj Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or Agents respectively, making Default in the Premises; and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Jbries, who shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be fosworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so (worn, shall not give his or their Verdict; and also on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or shall refuse to be sworn, or who, being sworn, shall refuse to give his, her, or their Evidence; and on any other Person or Persons who shall, in any other Matter, wilfully neglect his, her, or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of th is Act; and, from time to time, to levy such Fine or Fines by Order of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and all such Fines shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to let, fell, or dispose of so much or such Part of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased by them as aforesaid, as shall not be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid; as also of the Land or Ground of any Court, Yard, or Alley, through which the said Street intended to be made from Little Hermitage Street to Nightingale Lane aforesaid shall go, in order to build on, or convert the same to any other private Use, so as such Building or Convertion does not obstruct, hinder, or prejudice the Lights and free Passage that any Person or Persons hath or have heretofore had, held, and enjoyed, to and from his, her, and their Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in or adjoining to such Court, Yard, or Alley; and the said Commissioners are hereby vested with the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the waste Lands, Grounds, or Tenements of any such Court, Yard, or Alley, which they are hereby impowered to fell, at the Time of executing any Conveyance thereof, to a Purchaser; which Conveyance may be made in the Names of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, who are hereby impowered to execute the same; and all Conveyances of the said Premises shall be adjudged sufficient to vest such Estate in the Purchaser as shall have been agreed for, or shall be exprest'ed, or meant and intended to be granted or conveyed, determined by such Conveyance; and the Purchase money, or other Monies arising under any such Conveyance, shall be applied by the said Commissioners to the Purposes of this Act.

'Commissioners

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Justices of who ye justices the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or for any of the Justices for the Liberty of the Tower Without, for within the said County, although such Justices shall be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, to hear

and determine any of the Offences arising within their respective Jurisdictions, which are made subject tc and punishable by any pecuniary Penalty directed to be levied by virtue of this Act.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the /ion? rtCF Scf‘^cace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause ‘ of Complaint shall arise, and within six Calendar Adonths after the Cause of such Complaint shall have

arisen; such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, twenty-one Days Notice, at the lead, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and within two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions: And the said Justices, at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Adatter of such Appeal in & summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices

shall

Commissioners may Tell Lands purchased j

or any waste Ground, and

vCourt or Yard that the New 'Street may go through, so as not to obfttud any Lights or Passage.

for MiJdlckx, and the Liberty of the Tower Without, may ad.

Persons injured may appeal to the

I 21

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 22.

shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessionslhall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes,

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by Penalrlci and this Act imposed, (the Manner of levy.ng and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly di- Foriciture* ho* rected) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by War- ta rcCOV«d rant under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace ailing in and for the Laid County or Places, and and appiiCj* within his proper Jurisdiction; which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of one or more credible \Vitness or Witnesses upon Oath; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be, upon Demand) to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deduced) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the time bcin^, and applied towards the Purposes of this Act: And in case sufficient Distress ftnll not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor Itfs than fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges,

shall be sooner fully paid and falisfied.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and C-Mrimissioneri may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, if they w*rd shall fee Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as they n 0imers#

shall think proper, not exceeding one Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or any of them; any Thine herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where Cognizance is Ju ftiorg may a<J* given to any Justice or Justices of the Peace by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to miniaer Oaths, administer an Oath to any Person for his or their more certain Information in the Matter then depending.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books shall be prepared and kept by the said Hooks to be kept Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, wherein for cn»rr»n* shall be fairly entered, from time to time, the Names of such Persons as they, or any five or more of them,

shall nominate and appoint to put in Execution the Purposes of this Act; and Copies of all Orders and Pro- c‘

cecdings relating thereto; and also an Account of what Monies have been alll-fled, raised, levied, and paid by virtue of this Act, and how the same shall have been applied; and the Names of the Annuitant or Annuitants, and what Sum or Sums he, she, or they paid for such Annuity or Annuities respectively, and what he, she, or they is or are to receive for the same; which Book or Books the said Annuitants, or any which may be of them, and all Persons contributing to the said Rates or Assessments, may, at all convenient Times, per- in:'pcd?J gratis, ulc and inspeil without Fee or Reward.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be Distrrfs not robe made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be <fcem<d uniwful deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the lame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto 5 nor shall the Party or Parties ivty'bc termed diffraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be a Tref^iicr *t> afterwards done by the Party or Parties distrainine, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregula- inino. rity* may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Case.

XC. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiff's shall recover in any Ailion for any such Irregularity, plaintiff mt to Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by, or on the Behalf of the mover t i en-Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, der of or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such 7 ender shall have been made, ha:u Utnrnaic* it shall and in.iy be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Aelion, by Leave of the Court w here such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall lec fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders, and Judgements, shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions, where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into C^urt.

XCL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Contract, Bond, Writing* to be

W.irr mt, Judgement, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or «m*iout Sumps, only signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before th.m, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed determined by, any other Person or Persons w hits ever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XCII. And be it (ur t tier enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said pr ocw.fi np^ ro Oom.TmnniKfs, at their Meetings, shall be entered in a Bo:>k or Books to be kept for that Parpole, and such b-rntc»«a in Orders and Proceedings so entered, Hull be signed determined by the Clerk or Clerks at any Meeting of any live er more of the said Commissioners nficmblcJ, the C tic shall require; and such Orders dial I be deemed and taken to be Original Orders; which said Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evi-derce in ali Courts wh.itloever.

XCIII. And be it tuiiher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceedings to be hid touch- plC.rfffinr. ir g the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter 1' iwi

or I hing to be oonc or liaulacied, in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quushed "*ni ‘‘"I

\ c l. XI. R for

122 C. 22. Armo undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 177r.

or removable by Certiorari,

Limitation tf Actiont.

[General Issue.]

'XreMe Coik*.

Public Atf.

for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

ACIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County or Place where such Matters and Things respectively shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Adb and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so doner or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid; then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein: And if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs irr such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs; and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any other Cases by Law.

XCV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

Cap. xxir.

An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts made relating to paving, cleanfingr and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty

of Westm)iJlery and Parts adjacent.

ziJeo. 3; r. 2iv WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Ma

- 3 Geo. 3. c. 23... W jesty, For paving cleansing*, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Li-

+(f eo 3-c 39*' berty a/'Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George

ball 1 c 5c°> Bloomsbury, those Parts of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborr^ which lie in the County of Middlesex,

7 Geo. 3.. the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy c?/'Lane after which lies in the County

<..37. 4'fl/' Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and several

other Acts were made in the third, fourth, fifth, and sixth Years of his said present Majesty, for amend- ing the first-mentioned Act, or for enabling the Commissioners thereby appointed more effectually to carry the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, and great Progress hath been made in the Works by the said Acts directed to be performed; but the Commissioners are unable to complete the same without fur-p ther Aid: And whereas it is apprehended that it would forward the good Purposes of the said Acts, and be a great Ease to the present Commissioners, if an additional Number of Commissioners were to be elected and appointed by each Parish, Precinct, and Place, to act with the present Commissioners and also

if a certain Number of the Inhabitants within each Parish, Precinct, and Place, were to be elected and appointed as Committees to aflifl in carrying the said Acts into Execution, within their respective Pa- rilhes, Precincts, and Places: And whereas some further Powers and Authorities are necessary to be given, and some further Regulations made, in order to efredl the Purposes aforesaid May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament v</>r>ineti ar.J -assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Vestrymen of the several Parishes of Saint James, Inhabitants rr^y Saint Alargar et, Saint John the Evangeli/l, Saint Alar tin in the Fields, Saint George, Hanover Square, and mm and chute Saint Paul\ Covent Gardenwithin the City and Liberty of Westminster, and of the Parishes of Saint Giles in adittural Com- the Fields, and Saint George, Eloomfiury, in the County of Middlesex, and the Inhabitants who have a Right inVh^rV-r-ec-" to ]r) Vestry, or other public Meetings of the several Parishes of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of

tive Par; (Ins,' /ffhni after aforesaid, and of Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand, as well within as without the who are to be Liberties of the said City and the Precinct of the Savoy, and of the Parishes of Saint Andrew, Ho lb cm joined with the above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyrand of the Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely j>refe n t Coramif* Rents, in the said County of Middle [ex, (except such Part of the last mentioned Liberty as has been paved,

lighted, and cl can fed by virtue of an Act of Parliament, intituled, c An Act for the better paving, cleans- ing, and enlightening the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obstrtidliona and Annoyances within the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for repealing, an Act made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for those Purposes shall, and they are hereby respectively. impowered and required, to meet and assemble in the Vestry-rooms, ox other usual Places of Meeting,

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 2 123

for transading the public Business of such Parishes, Prccinds, and Places, upon the second Thursday after the polling of this Act, or within eight Days afterwards, between the Hours of ten in the Morning and two in the Afternoon, and to elect and appoint an additional Number of Commissioners for carrying the said Acts, and this Act, into Execution, as herein after mentioned; (that is to say) three Persons for the Parish of Soint Alarycrtt, U'ejhnir/ler; three Persons for the Parish of Saint John the Evanvclift \ three Persons for the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields \ three Persons for the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square; three Persons for the Parish of Saint James; three Persons for the Parish of Saint Anne \ three Persons for the Parish of Saint Paul, Co vent Garden; three Persons for the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, and so much c t* the Duchy of Lancaster as lies in the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes \ three Persons for the Parish of Mary u Strand, and so much of the Duchy of Lancaster as lies in the said Pari 111 of Saint Mary L Str and; three Persons for the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields; three Persons for the Parish of Saint George,

Jhury; three Persons for such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the Liberty above the Pars; and three Persons for the Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents; three Persons for the Parish of Saint George the Martyr; and one Person for the Precind of the Savoy, which said Person^, so to be elected and appointed as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby joined with the Commissioners appointed or circled, or to be elected by virtue of the said Act of the second Year of his present Majesty, for putting the said several before-mentioned Acts, and this Act, in Execution, and shall be velted with the Lke Powers and Authorities, in all Respeds whatsoever, as those Commissioners are verted with.

II. Provided always, That no Person shall be capable of being elected or appointed a Commissioner by A^jioonaiCorn-virtue of this Act, or of acting as such, who shall not be a Householder and resident within Inch Part of the h'wh o'Hers 6 Parish, Precinct or Place, for which he shall be elected or appointed, as shall be within the Limits of the rcfi-kut w.thm said former Acts and this Act; and when any of the Commissioners to be elected or appointed by virtue of their PariAi. this Act ih all die, resign, re.use toad, or shall ccafe to be Householders and Residents as aforesaid; that then, and as often as either of the said Cases shall happen, the said Vestrymen respectively, or other Inhabitants having a Right to assemble in Vestry, or public Meetings where there is no feled Vertry, in and f >r such Paiiihcs, Prccinds and Places, shall, from time to time, elect and appoint one other Commissioner, in the Place of every Commissioner so dying, resigning, or refusing to ad, or being incapable of acting.

III. And, for the better effecting the Purposes of the said several Acts and this Act,* be it further en- Vestrymen anl acted, That the Vcrtrymcn, or other Inhabitants having a Right to assemble as aforesaid, within the several to

Parishes, Precincts, or Places aforesaid, shall assemble in the Vestry-rooms, or other Places of Meeting as afore-mentioned, upon the second Thursday after the parting this Act, or within eight Days then after; and in the Execution al.o on the second 7hurfday in the Month of February, annually afterwards, between the Hours of ten in of this Act, the Morning and two in the Afternoon, and shall elect and appoint any Number of Persons, being Householders, reudent in such Parish, Prccind, or Place, not exceeding twenty-one, nor less than seven; and the Persons so elected and appointed shall be, and are hereby constituted a Committee for the better carrying the several Purposes of the said Acts, and this Act, into Execution, within their respective Patifhes,

Prccinds and Places, and for superintending and inspeding all or any of the Works carrying on or performed by virtue of the said former Acts and this Act, within their respective Parirties, Precincts and Places, and for examining the several Bills relative thereto, and for certifying to the Commissioners such Bills and other Allowances for Payment as they shall find to be fair and just, or objeding to the Payment of such as shall be found otherwise (the Salaries allowed by the Commissioners to their Officers, and the contingent Expences of the Commission only excepted) on which Certificates for Payment, but not without, (except as aforesaid) the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, from time to time, when they have approved of such Bills, order the same to be paid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person elected and appointed a Commissioner by virtue of Qualification of this Act, shall be capable of acting as such, unless he shall be, in his own Right, in the actual Possession or Comiri‘llonCf5* Receipt of Rents, and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, cither Freehold or of, of the clear yearly Value of three hundred Pounds, or possessed of or inti tied unto a personal Ertate to the Amount or Value of ten thousand Pounds, or be Heir apparent of a Peer or Lord of Parliament; and that no Person elected or appointed a Committee-man by virtue of this Act, shall be capable of acting as such, tin!cf> he shall be then rcfiJcnt and an Householder in the said Parish or Place, and feiled and polTclTcd of a real or personal Estate, or real and personal Ertates together, of the Value of two thousand Pounds.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person already appointed, or hereafter to be elected a Co-nmifnoner* Commissioner by virruc of all or any of the before-recited Acts, or of this Act, shall be capable of acting

as such, who fli-11 hold any Office of Profit, or h ive any Share, or be any way intcrefled or concerned in coauJ" &c. any Contract or Work to be done in or about the Execution ol any of the Powers of the said former Acts,

or of this Act, nor shall any Person to be elected a Committee-man as aforesaid, be capable of acting as a C mrnutec-riijn, who shall hold any Office of Profit, or have any Share, or be any way intcrefled or concerned in any Contract or Work to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this present Act; but every such Commissioner ai.J Committee-man shall, in any or either of such cases, be thenceforth for ever di (qualified to act a Commissioner, or Committee-man; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwirhflanJ-jog: And in case any such Person not being qualified, or so disqualified as aforesaid, for a Commissioner, Comnvffonm shall ncvcithelcls presume toad as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said former Acts, or this Act, itling without every such Person find!, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who will fuc for the same; and in case any such Person not being qualified, or so disqualified as to,0‘u t 5°°*« a: ucfiid, for a Committee-man, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Committee-man, every such Person Cull, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who

R 2 v\;il

124. C. 22. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

will sue for the same, such respective Forfeitures to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every such Person so prosecuted shall prove he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said respective Penalties, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Commissioner or Committee-man, as the Case may be, in the Execution of the said Acts, or of this Act.

Except the

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right Honourable the Master of the

Matter otthe R0//s for the time being, and the Dean of Westminster for the time being, shall be Commissioners for putting

inster forrrer Acts and this Act in Execution, and that their being such shall be a sufficient Qualification

to them; any Thing in the said former Acts, or this Act, to the contrary notwithstnnd’ng.

Committees may

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Committees shall meet in the Vestry-rooms, or other meet and ad- Places of Meeting as aforementioned, within fourteen Days after they shall have been chosen as aforesaid,

ourn* and may adjourn from time to time, and meet there, or at any other Place or Places within the said Pa-

Duty of Com- rishes, Precincts, or Places respectively, as often as they shall think fit; and they, or any five or more of mmee-men, them, shall have Authority, and are hereby impowered to see that all Contracts heretofore made an 1 entered into for any Works to be done within their respective Parishes, Precincts, and Places, are well and duly performed and executed according to the Terms and Conditions of all such Contracts; and they are also to examine into, and to hear all Complaints which shall be made to, or brought before them, by any of the Inhabitants or any other Person or Persons, against any Contractor or Contractors, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the Committee, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to administer); and the said respective Committees, or any three or more of them, shall survey the Works, or enquire into the Matters which are the Subject of the Complaint, and report the same, and the Examinations so taken, to the said Commissioners at their next or second Meeting after such Complaint made and Survey taken, or Enquiry made; and upon such Report being made to the said Commissioners, they the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required, from time to time, to impose a Fine or Fines upon every such Contractor, for Non-performance of his Contract, as they are authorised and impowered by the said former Acts, any or either of them, to do, according to the Nature and Degree of the

Offence; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear three or more of such Committee-men at any Meeting which shall be appointed to be had or held, then, and in such Case, the Clerk to such Committees respectively shall, and is hereby required, to summon the whole Committee to meet at the Place where the lad Meeting was appointed, within eight Days then next following; and such Committees shall, at ail their Meetings, bear their own Expences; but no Act of any such Committee shall be valid, unless made or done at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, at which Meeting not less than three, five, or more Committee-men, as required by this Act, shall be present; and all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or veiled in such Committees, shall and may, from time to time, be exercised by the major Part of the Committee-men who shall attend at any public Meeting to be holden as herein before mentioned, the Number of such Committee-men present at such Meeting not being less than three or five* as required by this Act; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of such Committee-men so assembled shall have the same Force and Effect as if done or made by all the Committee-men for the time being.

Committee may V

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commit-Rfpoujt Officer*, tecs^ not jess tkan £ve Committee-men being present at any Meeting or Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, to appoint a Clerk, and also to appoint one or more Supervisor or Supervisors, Collector or Collectors, Inspector or Inspectors, and shall take such Security for the due Execution of such of their respective Offices, as the said respective Committees shall think proper, and may likewise, from time to time, remove all such Clerks, Supervisors, Collectors or Inspectors, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or that shall die, and appoint such Salaries and other Allowances to-them, for and ia consideration of his and their Trouble in executing his or their Office and Offices respectively, and also such Allowances to such other Person or Persons as shall be aiding and assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as the said respective Committees shall think reasonable; all which Salaries and Allowances shall be paid, from time to time, as the same shall become due and payable in Manner herein after directed; and every such Committee may discontinue and not fill up the Vacancy to be occasioned by the Death or Removal of any Supervisor or Inspector, whenever any of the said Committees respectively shall think such Officer unnecessary for them; but if any Person so appointed Clerk, Supervisor, Collector or Inspector, shall exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries and Allowances as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the respective Committees for or on account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative to puttings Vbo shall not bathe said Acts, or this Act, in Execution, or shall be anywise concerned in Interest in any Bargain made, concerned in or to be made, relative to every such Person so offending in any such Case, shall be incapable of ever serv-

fcontrads, &c. ing under this Act, and shall, over and above, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Coui ts of Record, within six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed; in which Suit no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided always, That the Inspector or Inspectors shall be elected annually, and that the Salary of each such Inspector shall be allowed and confirmed by the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at any of their Meetings and that the Office of Supervisor in each of the said Parishes, Precincts, and Places, shall be discontinued when and as soon as all the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places in each and every such Parish, Pre-cindt, and Place respectively, shall be new paved pursuant to this Act.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 22. 125

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Act?, Orders, and Proceedings Proccrdine? of of the said Committees shall, from time to time, be entered in Books to be kept for those Purposes by the the Commute* Clerks to the said Committees, and shall be signed by the Chairman of each respective Committee, at their to becnicicdin next Meeting; and all Inch Orders so signed shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders, and shall and

may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; but no Act or Order of any of the Commuters shall be valid, unless done or made at feme Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act; and all such Books anti Proceedings of the said respective Committees shall and may be perused and inspected, at all seasonable Times, by the said Commissioners, or by their Clerk for the time being, or by such other Person or Perons as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, who may also take Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom, without l ee or Reward.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have Au- Commoner*

thority, and are hereby impowered, from time to time, to order and direct in what Manner, and with what order what

Materials, all or any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places within the respective Parishes and Liber- ^vcd^&c^and tics aforesaid, shall be new-paved or repaired, and what Number of Lamps shall be put up and kept lighted how, VigaiVyi^g therein, and how the same shall be placed, and how often the same Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places, the same to the shall be cleanfcJ, (having respect to the Abilities of the Inhabitants of the Places to be so paved, lighted, CommitLcc*. and cleansed, and the Monies which by virtue of the Powers of this Act can be raised therein) and shall fig-

mfy such their Orders and Directions in Writing to the said Committees respectively, by causing a Copy or Copies of every such Older and Direction to be delivered to or left for the Clerk of each respective Committee, who shall and is hereby required to lay the same b:fore every such Committee at the next Meeting.

XI. And be it fui ther enacted, That every Committee, as soon ns conveniently may be, and, at farthest, Committees are

within one Calendar Mon:h, after any such Order or Direction shall be laid before them, shall cause NoticeConuaaori^ to be given by Advertisement in some or one of the public Newspapers, fix several Days at the lead, that °D *

such Committee will meet at a Time and Place to be expressed in such Advertisement, at the Didance of fourteen Days or more from the Time of the first Publication of such Advertisement, to receive Proposals

from any Person or Persons willing to contract for paving or repairing, lighting, and cJcanling the particular Squares, Streets, Lanes, or other Places so ordered and directed by the said Commissioners to be paved or repaired, lighted, and clcanled, agreeable to such Orders and Directions; and the said Commit- and to enter int* tees respectively (not lei's than five Committee-men being present) shall and may, and they are hereby im- Conua£h for powered, to make any Contract or Contracts in Writing with any fit Person or Persons, for repairing, or FavinS» for paving and keeping in Repair, lighting, and cleansing all or any such Squares, Streets, Lanes, or Places, so ordered and uireded to be repaired, paved, lighted and cleansed, every such Contract to specify the several Works to be done, the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Tunc or Times when or within which the said Wotks are to be completed, and the Forfeiture* or Penalties to be borne or fullered for the Non performance thereof; and being signed by five or more Commiucc-mui, and by the Pci foil or Persons contracting to perform such Works, shall, together with a tine Copy of every such Contract, attdled by the Cluk, and also with the original Proposals and Copies of ail Minutes and other Proceedings of the Corrmrtcc relative thereto, be transmitud to and laid before the Commissioners at their next Meeting; which Contract or Contracts being by them, or any five or more of them, at that or some other subsequent Meeting, within one Month then next, confirmed by some proper Subscription at the Foot thereof, or to b? mdorled thereon, and signed by five or more of the said Commissioners, if they shall so think fit, such Contract, and the Propolai on which the lame is founded, shall be returned to the Clerk to the respective Committees, within seven Days from the Time of such Confirmation; and if such Contract or Contracts Contraflsrtnll shall be so confirmed, then, and not otherwise, the same shall be valid and effectual in Law, and carried be bnding until' into Execution, and the Performance thereof shall and may be enforced by Action at Law, or otherwise, by and in the Name or Names, and at the Suit of or against the Committee for the time being, and the m 1 ° c Contractor or Contractors, his or her Executors or Administrators, according to the Tenor and true Meaning thereof; but every such Contract not so confirmed within the Time Lit aforesaid shall be void, and the Parties thereto shall thenceforth be absolutely tiifch.irgeJ of and from the lame, and every Covenant, Promise, and Engagement therein contained, both at Law and in Equity, as if the same had never been made; and the Committe e making such Contract or Conti acts so not confirmed, as soon after as the hrne (had so become void, and so titles ^noties, shall and may again advertise for Proposals in Manner aforesaid, and make any fresh Contract or Contracts, and transmit the same, with the Copy or Copies thereof, for Confirmation in Manner aforesaid, together with all the Proposals and Proceedings of the Committees relative thereto; and such Contract or Contracts shall and maybe confirmed or mule void in Manner aforesaid, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, in the same or like Manner as before enacted or directed.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That wherever it shall be found that any of i-Tw ^treeti, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, or Places, (objected to the Powers of this Act, arc* lying in two or more Pa-&<* *Hich tie la rftus Precincts, or Liberties, the Commissioners for the time being shall and may, and are hereby im- lu0 ,>anl>‘cS

f>owe:cd to order and direct the whole of any such Square, Street, Lane, or Place, to be paved or repaired, be pave. ighrcJ, and cleansed, by and under the Direction of the Committee of any or either of the said Parishes,

Precincts, or Liberties, and to order and direct what Sum in Gro's shall he* paid by the Committee or Committees of the other of the said Parishes, Precincts, or Liberties, towards and in respect of the Charges of paving and fitting up Lamp-iron*, removing Obstructions, and other incidental Expenses; and also what annual, quarterly, or other Sums shall be paid determined by such other Committee or Committees, towards and ii) iclpcct of the repairing and keeping in Repair, lighting, and cleansing the same, to the Committee by z whom,

126 C. 22. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A. 0.1771.

whom, or under whose Directions, such Square, Street, Lane, or Place, shall be so paved or repaired, or kept in Repair, lighted, and cleansed; and that such gross Sum shall be paid accordingly, by and out of the Monies to be raised by the additional Rate; and such annual, quarterly, or other Sums, shall be paid accordingly, by and out of the other Rate or Assessment hereby directed to be made and afiefled, for the Purposes of repairing, cleansing, and lighting, by the Committee or Committees, by whom the same shall be so directed to be paid.

HowPavments

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That for and in respect of all such Con-for subsisting traits as have been heretofore made and entered into by the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said

Contracts shall former Acts, to and with any Person or Persons, for repairing, lighting, or cleansing, any of the Squares,

be made. Streets, Lanes, and Places aforesaid, for any Time or Term yet subsisting, and not expired, the Committees to be chosen in and for every the Parishes, Precinils, and Places respectively, in which the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places to be repaired, lighted, and cleansed, in pursuance of every such subsisting Contract lies, shall, and are hereby impowered and required (a true Copy of every such Contract, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, being first laid before them) to dircti, order, and cause the Monies which shall be collected by virtue of the Rates or Assessments herein and hereby direifed to be made (the said additional Rate and Rates only excepted) or so much thereof as shall be necessary and sufficient for that Purpose, to be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Commissioners for the enabling the said Commissioners to apply, and to be by them applied, in Payment and Satisfaction of the future growing Payments to become due and payable upon, and by virtue of such subsisting Contracts.

Whrn fubflfling

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as the Time for the doing Contratfsexpi.e, all or any Part of the Work or Business to be done, or finding and prov iding Materials to be provided, by Committees may and in pursuance of such now-subsisting Contract or Contracts, shall expire; then, and from thenceforth, frWhComracts Committee to be chosen in and for the Parish, Prccinit, or Place, in which the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places do lie, which are comprised in, and to be repaired, lighted, or cleansed, under and by virtue of such Contract or Contracts, shall and may, by Order of the Commissioners, advertise for, and receive Proposals, and make any Contract or Contracts, subject to the Controul and Confirmation of the said Commissioners, either for repairing, cleansing, and lighting, or for new-paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places comprised in such expired Contract or Contracts, theretofore contracted to be repaired, cleansed, and lighted as aforesaid, in the same or like Manner as the said Committees respectively are herein before directed and enabled to advertise for Proposals, and make original Contracts for paving, or for repairing, lighting, and cleansing any such Squares, Streets, and Lancs, as have not been hitherto paved, lighted, and cleansed, by virtue of any of the Acts of Parliament herein before recited.

All Contnftito

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Contract shall, at any Time, be be made between macjc or entered into, in any Year, by virtue of this Act, but between the first Day of January and the first first jfuiy^ sub'y except in Cases of Death of the Contractors, or in Cases of Failure of Contract j any Thing

J contained in any of the before-mentioned Aits to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

The Business of

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor and the Surveyor or Inspection, appointed or to be appointed by the said Commissioners for the time being, to of the Inspec- survey, view, and inspeil, within all and every the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places hereby subjected

lors* to the Powers of this Act, and also to and for the Supervisor or Inspeilor, to be appointed by each and every of the several Committees respectively, to view and inspeil, within the several and respective Parishes, Prccinits, and Places,.in and for which every such Supervisor or Inspection shall have been appointed, as well all and every the Works done or begun to be done, as also to view the Condition of the Pavements of the said several Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places not begun or contracted to be done, in pursuance of this Act, and to and for the said Surveyor to the Commissioners, to present upon Oath to the said Commissioners, and also to and for such Supervisors or Inspectors, appointed by the several Committees, to pre- lent upon Oath to the said Committees respectively (which Oath the said Commissioners, or three or more of them, and the said Committees respectively, or any three Committee-men, are hereby impowered toad-

ininifter) all defeilive and bad Pavements within the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places not paved

nor begun to be new-paved, under the Pow?ers of the said Acts, or this Act; and thereupon, or upon the reasonable Complaint and Request of any three or more Householders, dwelling in any Square, Street,

Lane, or Place, wherein Cause of Complaint shall be, in Writing under their Hands, every such respective Committee shall thereupon give Notice thereof to the said Commissioners in Writing, and shall and may cause all and every such Pavements not under Contract, to be well and sufficiently repaired forthwith, or as soon as conveniently maybe, and the Expence thereof to be defrayed by and out of any Monies to arise by any Rate or Rates hereby directed to be made, for the Purposes of repairing, cleansing, and lighting; and in case such Pavements so presented or complained of shall be under Contract made by or with any such Committee to be paved or repaired, and the paving and repairing thereof shall not be well and sufficiently performed, according to the Intent and Meaning of such Contract or Contracts, or shall not be finished and completed at or within the Time or Times that the same are or is agreed to be completed by the Contractor or Contractors, the Supervisor or Inspection appointed by each Committee respectively shall report the same to such Committee at their next Meeting, and the said Surveyor or Inspector to the Commissioners for the time being, shall and may report the same to the said Commissioners at their next or other subsequent Meeting; and such Committee shall and may, in the joint Names of any two or more of them, bring, inllitute, commence, and prosecute an Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster, against any Person or Persons so contracting, and not performing any such Contract or Contracts, for any or all the Penalty and Penalties contained in such Contrait or Contiails, within one

Month

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. Q 22; 127

Month next after such Report made to the said Committee; and if the said Committee shall not, within one Month next after such Report made to them, bring, inllitute, and commence such Action; then, and at any Time then after, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the time being, if they shall so think fit, in the joint Names of any two or more of them, or in the Name of any Person appointed by them, or any three or more of them, for that Purpose, to bring, institute, commence, and pro-lecute an Action or Actions of Debt, against the Contractor or Contractors, in such Court for such Penalty and Penalties, and in such Manner, as the Committees respectively are herein before directed or enabled to do; and on Proof of the signing the said Contract or Contracts, and Non-performance thereof, at the Time or Times therein for that Purpose mentioned, the Plaintiffs, in every such Action, shall be intitled to, and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties, which, when received, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, within the Parish, Precinct, or Place in which the Cause of Action arose, and not otherwise or c! lew here.

XVII. ProviJcJ always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act, or Struts, &c. beany of the said former Acts contained, shall authorise or require the said Commissioners, or Committee of longing to Pa-any Parish, Precinct, or Place, to pave, repair, cleanse, or light the Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yaids, orlaccsc«mpted# any other Place or Places, situated before or belonging to any Royal Palace, Ground, or Building, which now belongs or hereafter shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, any Thing in this Act, or in any of the former Acts contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, Also$<par« and to Golden Square, Rid Lion Square, or to any other Square, Street, or Place, now paved, cleansed, and pl*ccs wh*ch lighted, under any particular Act of Parliament. tkuluAit*

XIX. And whereas there are several Streets and Places within the united ParishcF of Saint Margaret *cu ar

and Saint Jchtt the Evangelist, where the Inhabitants are not of Ability to raise Money sufficient to defray ot-s!inVMarga- the Expence of new-paving or repairing, cleansing, and lighting such Streets and Places, under the Rrgu- ret and Saint lations of this Act be it therefore enacted and declared, That it shall not be lawful for the said Com- John exempted, vniilioners appointed to p it this Act in Execution, to order or direct any of the Streets or Places within the until the Inh*-said Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, to be new-paved or repaired, cleansed, or to^on lighted, except the several Streets and Places herein after-mentioned; (that is to say) Parliament Street, ^jbule^towardi Darby Street, Downing Street, King Street, Eduyder Street, Crown Street, Crown Court, Charles Street, New paving, &c. Charles Street, Duke Street, Delahay Street, Great George Street, Little George Street, Cinon Row, Brewers Yard, Dorset Court, Manchester Buildings, The Fish Market, New Court, Bridge Street, Little Bridge Street,

I 'nion Street, Saint Margaret Street, Abingdon Street, Little Abingdon Street, Ahibank Street to the Horse Ferry, Market Street to the High Road near the Burial Ground, Great Queen Street, Little Queen Street,

Princes Court, Park Prospect, Long Ditch, Broken Crop, Great Sanctuary, Little Sanctuary, Old Tothil Street, Dartmouth Street, Dartmouth Row, Broad Way, the Street leading from the Broad IDay to Jjhteen Square, Queen Square, Petty France, and James Street, and such other Streets and Places, or Parrs of Streets and Piaccs, as are already new-paved, cleansed, and lighted, under the Direction of the Commissioners appointed by the said former Acts; nor shall any Rate or Assessment be made by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of paving, repairing, cleansing, or lighting any Part of the said Parishes, other than as herein before mentioned, any Thing in this Act, or in any former Act, to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

XX. Provided nevertheless, That if at any Time hereafter any Streets or Places within the Limits which are exempted from being paved, repaired, lighted, and cleansed as aforesaid, shall become so advanced in Rents as that the Inhabitants thereof shall, in the Opinion of the Commissioners, be of Ability to contribute a reasonable Sum to the paving, repairing, lighting, and cleansing the same, under the Authority of this Act, then, and from thenceforth, such particular Streets and Places shall be subject to be paved, repaired, hgnted, and cleansed, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the several Squares,

Streets, Lanes, and other Places, which are under the Direction of the said Commissioners or Committeemen, can or may be paved, repaired, lighted, and cleansed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Streets and Places within any of the said Parishes of Saint s"ch ParfJ c*

AI rgaret and Sant John tlx Evangels ft, not subject to be paved, repaired, clcanled, or lighted as afore-l(^ laid, shall (till remain subject to the Powers and Provisions of such former Acts of Parliament, as do now, remain unJrr or did before the making of this Act, extend to such other Streets and Places, any Thing contained in this former a present Act to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding. Parliament.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers, of all inhabitants Iran J every or any Lands Grounds, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Wharfs, Coach hotifes. Stables, Cel- able to charg-Lrs, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in all and every the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and ed ,orbp"^ Places hereby directed to be paved, or to be repaired, lighted, and cleansed, shall, from and after the ^Vmpted from twenty-fifth Day of March, one thouLnd seven hundred and seventy-one, be absolutely exonerated, dit- former Law«. charged, and indemnified Irom and again'.! ihc Execution and Service of the Office of Scavenger, in and for the several Pjnihcs, Prtcinch, and Places, wherein such Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places are lunate and lying, and of and from the hanging out Lights in Inch Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places, and all Presentments and Returns of any Annoyance Jurors, Constables, or other Officers, (other than and except the Inspectors hereby directed to be appointed) for ar.J in respect of dangerous or defective Pavements, lit faults of Lighting, and all Annoyances in, Ofoitruetions of, and Encroachments upon, ail or any of the Lid Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Plac^a, and ail Pair.s, Penalties, Duties, and Services, for or concerning any such Annoyances, Obstructior.s, Incroachments, or dangerous or defective Pavements^ and Defaults of Lighting; and that the several Acts of Parliament made in the second and third Years of their Lite 1. Majestie® '

128

All former Acti, so far as they respect Places under this Act, are repealed.

Old Pavements, and all Materials, old and new, verted in the Committee.

C. 22. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Majesties King William and Queen Mary, of the nineteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of all and every other Act and Acts of Parliament whatsoever, lb far as the same or any or either of them do or does concern any such Annoyances, Obstructions, Incroachments, dangerous or defective Pavements, and hanging out Lights in any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places, hereby directed to be paved or to be repaired, lighted, and cleansed; and also so much of the before-recited Act of the third Year of his present Majesty, as relates to and impowers the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons to be by them appointed for that Purpose, to view the Condition of the s, Streets, and Lanes, within the several Parities, Precincts, and Places, intended to be subject to, and within the Powers of this present Act, and to present on Oath all or any defeftiveand bad Pavements therein, and to give Notice thereof as therein mentioned, and the repairing the same, and the charging the Expence of such Reparations on any such Inhabitants, Occupiers or Owners of any Houses or other Buildings as therein expressed; and all Pains, Penalties, and Charges, which such Inhabitants, Occupiers or Owners shall or may be liable to by Force of the said several Acts of the third and fourth of William and Mary, and twenty-ninth of George the Second, and of that Part and so much of the third of his said present Majesty, as is herein before recited; and also so much and such Part of all, or every of the herein recited or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, as directs or vests the Power of paving, repairing, lighting, or cleansing all or any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, or Places, hereby subject to the Powers of this Act, to be in the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of the before-recited Acts, or any of them, or vests in them the Property of all or any Stones or other Materials of or in any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, and PJaces last mentioned, in the said Commissioners, shall be, and are and is hereby repealed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing * this Act, any Thing in the herein before recited Acts, or any or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding, the Property of all and every the Pavements in all and every the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places, within each and every of the Parishes, Precincts, and Places, subjected to the Powers of this Act, and the Lamps, Iron, Timber, and all other Materials and Things, which shall be made Use of for the Purposes of this Act, and also the Property of all and every the Stones, Posts, and old Materials of every Kind, belonging to the old or present Pavements, as well of the Carriage-ways as of the Foot-ways, within each and every the said Parishes, Precincts, and Places, (except in such Streets and Places as have been paved by virtue of a Clause in the said Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, commonly called The Optional Clause) shall be, and is and are hereby vested in the Committee for the time being, of each and every such Parish, Precinct, and Place respectively; and the Committee of every such Parish, Precinct, and Place respectively, or the major Part of such of them as shall be assembled at any of their Meetings, shall and may, if they shall to think fit, authorise and impower any Person or Persons with whom such Committee shall contract in Maimer herein mentioned and directed, to take all or any such old Stones, Posts, or other Materials, at a Price or Prices to be specified in any Contractor Contracts so to be made, and to make Use of such of the said Stones or other Materials, as shall, by such Contract or Contracts, be deemed proper and fit for Use, in or about the new-paving or repairing, or other Works contracted to be done within the same Fa ith, Prcxhu., and Place, such Price or Prices to be allowed to the Contractor or Contractors for and in Payment or the Monies to be paid to him or them, or otherwise such major Part of every such Committee shall and may, and are hereby impowered, from time to time, to sell and dispose of any such Stones or other old Materials, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons who ll all be willing to purchase the same, and to apply the Monies arising by such Sale in Manner herein after mentioned; and if any Person or Persons, to whom any such Stones or other Materials shall be fold, shall refuse or neglect to pay for the same for the Space of ten Days after the Sale thereof, or other Time limited for Payment of such Purchase money, it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee, or any three or more of them, to direct and cause an Action or Actions to be brought and prosecuted, in the Names of any two or more of them, against any the Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Materials, for Recovery of the Monies due and payable for any such Materials so fold, in which Action or Actions, no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and such major Part of every such Committee shall and may, and are hereby also impowered, from time to time, if they shall so judge fit and expedient, to hire or take at a Rent any Piece of Ground to carry to, lay, and dispose of, all or any of the said Stones or other Materials, during such Time, and until there shall be Occasion to make Use of, or a fit Opportunity to make Use of, or to sell and dispose of the same; and in case any Person or Persons shall, without the Consent or Authority of such major Part of such Committee, take, carry away, or convert to his, her, or their own Use or Uses, or shall Ileal any, or airy Part of such Stones, Posts, or other Materials, or any other Stones, Lamps, Iron, Timber, or other Materials or Things, the Property whereof is hereby vested in the Committee for the time being, of any of the Parishes, Precincts, and Places subjected to the Powers of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the major Part of such Committee as shall be assembled at any of their Meetings, to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Auctions, in the Name or Names of any two or more of them, or to prefer or cause, direct or order, the preferring of any Indictment or Indictments, against any Person or Persons who shall take, or carry away, or shall iteal any or any Part of any such Materials or Things; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break, destroy, or otherwise damage or spoil, any of the said Materials or Things, or any Works done, or begun to be done, in pursuance of this Act, or take up any Pavement, under any Pretence whatsoever, without the Consent of the said Committee, or any three or more of them, (except in Cases of Fire, or Alarms of Fire) every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex^ or for the City and Liberty of Westminster, as the Case shall be, shall, for the first Ostence, foiieitany Sum

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 22. 129

not more than forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings; and for the Second, and every other Offence, any bum not exceeding three Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings; to be levied and recovered by Dif-trcls and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made, every such Forfeiture and every the Sum and Sums of Money to be recovered by or in every or any such Action and Actions to be brought as aforesaid, and every Sum and Sums of Money to arise by the Sale of all or any such Materials so sold as aforesaid, when received, shall be paid into the Hands of the Banker or Bankers, to be ohofen and approved of as herein after mentioned, or into the Bank of England^ to the Account of the Panffi, Precinct, or Place, in which the Offence was committed, or by Order of whose Committee the same was recovered or received; and the same, and every Part thereof, shall be issued, paid, and applied for and towards repairing, lighting, and cleansing the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places within the said Parish, Precinct, or Place, and in Aid of the Rates to be made for those Purposes; and in case any Person or Persons so offending and convicted shall have no Goods or Chattels whereon any of the Forfeitures last mentioned can be levied; then, and in that Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for one or more such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders convicted to the House of Correction, there to remain for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, nor less than ten Days, to be expressed in such Warrant, to be reckoned from and exclusive of the Day of Commitment, and not to be discharged unless upon Payment of the full Sum forfeited, until the Expiration of the Time so to be expressed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Committees, not less than five Persons being Committees to present, within their respective Parishes, Precincts, and Places, shall, and they are hereby authorised and mecl anm,a,b» impowered to meet, and shall meet, in the Vestry-rooms, or other usual Places afore-mentioned, upon ^thr ipufolcl the second Thursday in June next, and also upon the second 7burJ<'day in June in every Year afterwards, onlie^a.^0 and at any other lime or Times, as often as Occasion shall require; and they, or the major Part of them,

shall make one or more Rate or Rates, Act'eflinent or Assessments, upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possefs, or enjoy any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Wharf,

Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement or Hereditament whatsoever, within such Parts of the said respective Parishes, Precincts, and Places, (the Occupiers of Land, Ground,

House®, Shops, Wharfs, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements cr Hereditaments, in such Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places as have been paved under and by virtue of the said Optional Clause only excepted) for the Purposes of repairing, cleansing and lighting the several Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the said respective Parishes, Precincts, and Places, as are not by any or either of the said former Acts exempted from the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners, and for defraying the Expence of removing all Annoyances and ObstrutStions therefrom, and all other the reccssary Purposes of the said former Acts, and this Act, (except as to new-paving), so as no such Race t>r Rales, Assessment or Assessments, within any Square, shall exceed in the Whole the Sum of one Shilling and Three-pence in the Pound; and within any Street, Lane, or other Place, the Sum of one Shilling in the Pound, in any one Year, according to such Proportion of the yearly Rent or Value as the same was aliened to the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy,

WJthin the said respective Parishes, Precindis, and Places.

XXV. Provided always, That all Houses, or other Buildings, which shall hereafter be erected or buik FfoufVs

within the Limits aforesaid, shall be rated and assessed for the Purposes of this Act, in the same Manner ro behu ir, how and Proportions as other Houses or Buildings shall be then a lie fled. 10 ratca*

XXVI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That from and after the said twenty- Commits*miy fifth Day of Alarchy the said respective Committees, not less than seven Persons being present, within make an their respective Parishes, Precincts, and Places, shall, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, annually, or oftener, as Occasion shall require, to make a further Rate or AiTVIIment in manner aforesaid, '1 riCCvlu'J* not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound in any one Year, within all such Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other

Pljces, or such Parts thereof as shall, at the Time of making any such Rate, be paved by virtue of the Lid former Acts, and this Act, or any of them, (except such Streets, Lanes, and Places, as have been paved under ar.J by virtue of the said Clause, called the Optional Clause), and so in like Manner within all other the Squares, Streets, Xancs, and Places within the Limits of the said former Acts, as soon as the Pavements thereof respectively, or any Part thereof, shall be completed, so far as the Pavements so completed shall extend.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and Commit>p':s for the Committees within their respective Parishes, Precincts, and Places, not less than seven Persons being borrow preknt, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, when they shall judge it necesliry, to borrow ^lonfy un ,!^c *nd t.ike up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as any Person or Persons shall he willing to lend and ot u z advance upon the Credit of five-sixth Parts of the said additional Rate or Assessment; and by any Writing or Writings upon Vellum or Parchment, signed by the said Committees reflectively, not less than seven Persons to assign the said five sixth Parts of the said additional Rate or Assessment, to any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money thereon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with legtfl or lower Interest for the same, which Interest shall be payable and paid Half-vcarly, upon Certificates of the Committees, and by Order of the Commissioners, in the same or like Manner as other Monies and Payments are herein after directed to be paid and made, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said additional Rate or Assessment; and the remaining sixth Part shall be deposited in the Bank of England, as a Sinking Fund, for the Purposes of paying oft' the Monies borrowed, or fur future new-paving, as the Committee shall think fit.

130

Money received

by the Committee to be deported in the Bank.

For entering Securities in Books*

Surpluiof Rate*

to be applied in educing the Debts,

Creditors may atsign their Securities,

Houses fit u a ted beyond Turnpikes, exempted fittm Rates.

First Rite to commence 25 March 17 71.

How emrty Houses shall be aikilci.

C. 22. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Sum or Sums of Money, when so received by the said Committees, shall be by them deposited in the Bank of England, and placed to the Account of the Parish, Precinct, or Place, by whose Committee the same was borrowed or raised, and in which it is to be applied, in the Name of the Commissioners for the new-paving, cleansing, and lighting the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Places adjacent, and shall be iflfucd and applied by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for the new-paving any Square, Street, Lane, or Place, subjected to the Powers of this Act, in manner herein after mentioned, and not otherwise.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be for that Purpose provided and kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Committees, all Securities for Monies so borrowed, and all Assignments or Transfers thereof, expressing, in Words at length, the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions, of all such Persons as shall, from time to time, be inti tied to such Securities, and the Sums received upon such Securities, to which Book or Books the Persons intitled thereto, or interested therein, shall, at all seasonable Times, have Access, with free Liberty to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward: And if any Sum or Sums of Money shall at any Time remain from the said Rate or Assessment, over and above what shall be sufficient to pay the Interest hereby charged thereupon, then such Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied for or towards paving other Parts of every the Parish, Precinct, or Place wherein the same was raised, and when the whole of such Parish, Precindd, or Place shall be paved, then, and not before, all the Remainder of such Surplus shall be applied for or towards paying off the Principal so boirowed as aforesaid, and for that Purpose shall remain in the Bank of England, until the same shall amount to the Sum of five hundred Pounds, or one full and equal eighth-part of the whole Monies borrowed on the Security of the said additional Rate or Assessment, which Sum shall be applied for and towards the Payment of the Money lent and advanced on such additional Rate; and no Preference, either in the Payment of Interest or Principal, shall be given to any Person or Persons whatsoever, on account of the Priority of advancing any such Sum or Sums, but that each Person shall be a Creditor in equal Degree, according to the Sum or Sums so by him, her, or them lent and advanced as aforesaid.

XXX. And, to the End such Surplus-money last mentioned may be so applied for or towards discharging or reducing the principal Monies to be borrowed as aforesaid,* Be it further enacted, That when and as often as there shall remain in the Bank of England, of the Monies deposited or paid in as aforesaid, a Surplus of the said additional Rate laid or assessed on any of the said Parishes, Precindds, or Places, to the Amount of five hundred Pounds, or one-eighth Part of the whole principal Monies borrowed as aforesaid, the Commissioners are hereby impowered, and on Request to them for that Purpose made and dignified by Writing, signed by the major Part of not less than seven of the Committee of the Parish, Precinct, or Place, to which such Surplus belongs, or from whence it arofc, may and shall cause Notice in Writing to be given to or left for each of the Creditors or Lenders of all the Mortgage-monies to be so discharged or reduced, or their personal Representatives or Assigns, at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, of the Commissioners Intention to apply such Surplus-money in Discharge, or part Discharge, as the Case shall be, of such Mortgage-monies, at the Expiration of three Months next after the Date of such Notice; and every such Creditor or Lender, his, her, or their Representatives or Assigns, having had such Notice given to or left for him, her, or them, shall be obliged to accept his or her Share or Proportion thereof at the Expiration of the Time to be expressed in such Notice, or in Failure of Acceptance thereof, all Interest of such Share shall from thenceforth cease and not be payable.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons intitled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administraters, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively, to assign or transfer such Securities, by Indorsement on the Back thereof, or otherwise, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and witnessed by two Witnesses, and so toties quoties; and such Alignments and Transfers, after they shall be respectively entered in the Book or Books of the said Committees in Manner aforesaid, shall intitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so assigned, or transferred and entered.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rate or Assessment shall be made or collected by virtue of this Add upon any Land, House, Tenement, or Hereditament, situate on the Outside of any Turnpike-gate, as the same is now fixed, whereat Toll is, by the said recited Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty, authorised to be taken, or in any Road or Place nor repaired or lighted by virtue of the said former Adds, or this Act, or such other Places as in the Opinion of the respective Committees, not lei's than three Persons, shall not be within the true Intent and Meaning of this Add.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the first Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, directed to be made as aforesaid, shall commence from the twenty-fifth Day of ALarch, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-onc; and every future Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall commence from the Time that the last preceding Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments ended, and not otherwise, and the Monies therein and thereby charged and a 111 fled shall be payable and recoverable quarterly, in Manner herein after dirteded.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Wharfs, Coaoh-hotilcs, Stables, Cellars Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the respective Parfthes and Places aforesaid, fhnfl, at the Time of making any of the said Rates or Assessments, be empty, uiucnanted, or unoccupied, then, ami in all such Caies, it (b*dl and may be lawful for the find

respective

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 22. 131

Respective Committees to rate and aflfcfs such Premises at one half of the Rates or Assessments herein before granted, during such Time only as such Premises, after making any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments respectively, shall be empty, untenacted or unoccupied; and one half only of such Rate or Assessment shall be charged on such Premises respectively for and during so long Time as the same shall be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied; and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the said Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon respectively, shall be paid by the Owners, Proprietors, or Lessors, or by the first or any other Tenants or Occupiers thereof; and such Tenants or Occupiers shall and may, and is and are hereby respectively authorised Sodcdud and detain the same out of their Renr, and the Landlords-or Owners of such Premises is and are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of their respective Rents; and the said respective Tenants or Occupiers shall be and are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of their respective Rents as the Rates or AfllfT-ments, and all Arrears due thereon, and so paid by them respectively, shall amount unto.

XXXV. And whereas there are many Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Heredita- Under tcnmti,

Hunts, and Premises within the Limits aforesaid, which are taken on Leases for Years, or otherwise, ^(c|ublcto

ai d by the Lcllces or Tenants, and also by Landlords or Owners thereof, are let out in Parts or separate c$*

Apartments to Under-tenants, and other Houses and Premises let ready furnished to Lodgers / Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Lessors, Landlords, Owners, or Proprietors, of all such Hottfes, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so let out, or which shall hereafter be let out in Parts or Rpaiate Apartments, or ready furnished to a Lodger or Lodgers, shall xefpsctively be deemed and taken as the Occupier thereof, and shall be liable and subject to the Payment of the Rates or Allifiments directed by this Act to be made, raised, and levied, according to the yearly Rent or- Value of such Premises.

XXXVI. And, for the more cafy Recovery of such Rates or A fle Aments respectively,’ Be it further HowthofcR«te« enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every Person so renting or occupying any such Part or be rocover-Lparate Apartment as aforesaid, shall be liable and compellable to the Payment of the said Rates or Af- cd* fellments, and all Arrears due thereon, to be recovered in Manner herein after directed; and the respective Occupiers who shall pay such Rates or Assessments, or any Arrears due thereon, or from whom the same shall be recovered in pursuance of this A cl, shall and may dedud the same from and out of the next Rent, or any other Rent due and payable from him, her, or them to such respective Lefior or Landlord, Owner or Proprietor; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge for all and every such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, to his, her, her, or their Landlord, for so much Money as he,

(he, or they shall pay, or shall be levied on the Goods and Chattels of him, her, or them respectively, by virtue of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Rate, Tax, or Assessment, R.afcs^or Hcures which shall be made, laid, or assessed by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Houses, Buildings, be Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Hereditaments, Premises, which any Ambassador or Reialent, Agent, or byLandlor^, ether public Minister of any foreign Prince or State, or the Servant of any such Ambassador, RdiJent, &c.

Agent, or public Mmilter, or other Person not liable by Law to pay such Rate or A fie Ament, now cloth, or hereafter shall inhabit, shall be paid by the Landlords, LcfTors, Owners, or Proprietors, of all such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises respectively, who shall be liable and compellable to the Payment thereof, and the same shall be recovered in Manner herein after ifireded.

XXXVIII. And forasmuch as it is reasonable that all public Buildings, dead Walls, and void Spaces How public € of Ground should be rated and a Ac (Ted for the Purposes of this Act \ Be it therefore further enacted by ' wni!rtt«JI the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committees within their t>c aireiled. respective Parishes, Precincts, or Places, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to rate and a lie is all Parish Churches, Church-yards, Chapels, Meeting-houics, Schools, Inns of Court and Chancery, Halls, Societies*, Markets, Warehouses, Wharfs, void Spaces of Ground, and all other public Buildings whatsoever, situate, (landing, lying, and being within their respective Parishes, Precincts, or Places, at a Rate not exceeding Sixpence in any one Year for every square Yard of Pavement paved or repaired, cleansed, and lighted, under and by virtue of this Act, or any other the said former Acts belonging to such Parish Church, Church-yard, Chapel, Meeting-house, Inn of Court and Chancery, School,

II. -11, Society, Market, Warehouse, Wharf, dead Wall, void Space of Ground, and other public Building* respectively whatsoever, and which are not charged by virtue of this Act by the Pound Rate, or otherwise, which Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be laid upon such Parish Churches, Cha-

J'cls, and Church-yards, shall be paid by the respective Church or Chapel Wardens; and the Rate or sates, AlLflmnt or Assessments, to be laid upon such Meeting-houses. Schools, Inns of Court and Chancery, Halls, Societies, Markets, Warehouses, Wharfs, dead Walls, void Spaces of Ground, and public Buddings, shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof respectively; all which Rates or Assessments shall be recovered and applied as the other Rates hereby made payable are to be recovered and applied.

XXXIX. And, fur the better and more rffcdual recovering the Lid respective Rates and A (Te Aments,’ How Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Inhabitant, Occupier, Owner, or Pro-

prictor, or the LtlTec of any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Wharf, Co?.ch-house, Stable, frclmred.* Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the Limits aforesaid, (and liable to pay any R ite or Assessment by virtue of this Act) shall refuse or ntglrd to pay the Money rated and ad'fled upon him, her, or them respectively, and all Arrears due thereon, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Collectors of the said Rates or Assessments to collect and levy such Rales or Assessments, by

132 C. 22. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County" of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, as the Case shall be, and all Arrears due thereon, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, which shall be found either within the said Parish, Precinct, or Place, or elsewhere; and if within five Days next after such Distress shall be made, the said respective Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, shall not be paid, together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the same, the said respective Collectors shall cause the said Goods and Chattels to be sold, or such Part thereof as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rates or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the reasonable Charges of making such D iff refs and Sale, returning the Overplus, and the Goods and Chattels remaining, (if any be) to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold.

Co’lesson to ac- XL- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Collectors of the said' count for K*ies. Rates and Assessments, within the said respective Parishes, Precincts, or Places, shall, once in every Week, or oftener if the respective Committees shall so direct, pay all the Money which they shall, from time to time, collect and receive, into the Bank of England, or to such Banker or Bankers as the said Committees respectively, with the Approbation of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall direct (except only so much and such Parts thereof as are herein directed to be paid to the Commissioners, or their Treasurer, for Payment of the Monies agreed to be, by the said Commissioners, paid upon and pursuant to any and every the Contracts by them heretofore made and now subsisting, for repairing, lighting, and cleansing any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places aforesaid).

Cotlcaorto ac-

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Collector shall, as often as count on Oath, thereunto required by any of the said Committees, not less than three Persons respectively, make up true and perfect Accounts of all Money by such Collectors respectively received and paid in pursuance of this Act, and deliver all such Accounts to the respective Committees, and verify the same upon Oath, (which Oath any three Committee-men are hereby impowered to administer) and every such Collector refusing or neglecting to make up and render such Account to the Committee requiring the same as aforesaid, and to verify the same upon Oath as aforesaid, or to pay over all such Monies as shall be remaining in his Hands* shall and may, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, or for the said County of Middlesex, as the Case shall be, upon Complaint to them made by any three or more of the said Committee-men, and Proof thereof by the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses, (which Oath the said Justices are hereby authorised and impowered to administer) be committed to the common Gaol of the said City and Liberty, or of the said County, as the Case shall be, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, untH he the said Collector shall have made a fair and true Account, and until such Money as upon such Account shall appear to be remaining in his Hands shall be paid over by such Collector, or his Surety or Sureties, to such Person or Persons as shall be, by such three or more Committee-men making such Complaint, appointed to receive the same; but the Commitment of such Collector to Gaol shall not acquit or discharge any Surety or Sureties, Security or Securities, that shall or may have been taken by or given to any Committee for the due and faithful Execution of the Office of Collector or Payment of Monies, to be by such Collector received by virtue of his said Office, or any Action, Suit, or Process, commenced or to be commenced, for Recovery of any Monies so received.

If CommitteM

XLII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Committee Rates Uien1the ^or or e*t^er the Paries, Precincts, or Places included in this Act, shall omit or neglect tp make Commissioner* any ^ate or Assessment herein before authorised and directed to be made, and to raise the Money by this may do it. Act directed in Manner before mentioned, within such Parish, Precinct, or Place respectively, for the Space of three Calendar Months, then the Commissioners for putting the said former Acts, and this Act, in Execution, may and shall make such Rates or Assessments, which ought to have been made by any such Committee as aforesaid, and cause the same to be collected and recovered, and Money raised thereupon, in such Manner as the said Committees might or ought to have done; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Persons having

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Person or an Order from persons, having an Order under the Hands of the Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or of ^ree or more ^omm‘t^ee’men e;ich re^Pc*ve Parish, Precinct, or Place, for that Purpose, to inspect tcI«°to mi>edt~ anc^ ta^e Copies or Extracts of any Books or Rates made for raising Money for Relief and Main-J*uoi'siUics. tenance of the Poor within any Parish, Precinct, or Place, comprised in this Act; which Inspection, Copies, and Extracts, the Person or Persons having the Custody of such Books or Rates respectively are hereby required to permit and fuller to be made, without Fee or Reward, by such Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, upon his or their producing such Order; and in case any Person or Persons, having the Custody of any Book or Rate, shall neglect or refuse so to do within two Days after such Order shall be so produced, and shewn to him or them, or a Copy thereof left at his or their last most usual Place of Abode, he or they shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings, for the second Offence the Sum of three Pounds, and for the third and every other Offence the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in like Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures are, by the said Act of the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to be levied and recovered, and shall be applied by the Committees for the Purposes of this Act, within the respective Parish, Precinct, or Place, in which every such Forfeiture shall be incurred.

So much of for-

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That from after the said twenty-fifth Day of Marcby one thousand

mer Acts as 1m- seven hundred and seventy-one, so much of the before-mentioned Act, made in the second Year of the powers the Com- Rcj^n of his present Majesty, and of all or any other of the before-mentioned Acts as authorises or im-

powers

A.D. 177c.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 22. 133

p^wrrs the said Commissioners to make any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, upon any Lands, miifiormt© Houus, bhops, Wharfs, Warehouses, Cellars, or any other Tenements or Hereditaments, within the milce Rale,» lev era] Parishes aforesaid, or to appoint Collectors of all or any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assess- rfPc,*led* ments, and also as authorises and impowers any Collector or Collectors, by them, or any of them, appointed, or employed, to collect, or levy any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments whatsoever,

'within any of the Parishes, Precinch, and Places aforesaid, (except as herein is excepted) shall be, and is he rcbv repealed.

XLV. Provided always, That the Collector or Collectors to the said Commissioners shall and may, ne- Olle&on ap-vcrthclcls continue to collect and levy all Arrears of any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, already P?intfd *>ylhc rated or afiefled by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, by such and the same Ways and Means, wTiTe*to

and in such and the same Manner* as they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made; wlie^Amar* and that the Money to arise by such Arrears shall, from time to time, be paid, applied, and disposed of, of forma Rato, for discharging all Debts, Charges, and Expences, incurred by the Commissioners before, and until the twenty-filth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, for the Purposes of the said former Acts; and if any Surplus shall then after arise, the same shall be applied to the same Uses and Purposes as the Monies hereby directed to be rated and assessed within such Parishes, Precincts, and Places rt fpcCtively, are herein directed to be applied and disposed of, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all and every the Arrears and How Arrears of growing Payments of all and every the Rate and Rates heretofore made for raising Money for or towards Scavenger^tarc* paying the Charges and Expences of any Scavenger or Scavengers, for sweeping and cleansing the Streets, be collctte Lanes, and Passages, and for carrying away the Dirt, Soil, and Ashcs arising, or to arise, or to be made within any of the Parishes, Precincts, and Places subjected to the Powers of this Act, which now are or hereafter shall be or become due or payable until, and at or upon, the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, shall and may be collected and levied by such Person and Persons, and in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and shall and may be applied and disposed of to such Uses and Purposes as the same might or could have been collected or applied and disposed of in case this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Payments of rntcreft of Mo-Interest of Monies borrowed, and all Payments to be made upon and for all and every Contract and Con- rcy and a.irthrr tracts herein and hereby directed to be made, and all Salaries, Payments and Allowances, Charges and Hayrr.rnt* shall Expences whatsoever, to be made and given for any Thing to be done or contracted for, by each and every the said Committees to be chosen as aforesaid, shall be first certified to the said Commissioners by each of lot^e°co7nttu> the said Committees respectively, by Writing under the Hands of three or more of the Committee-men, fwncrt, and delivered to the Lid Commissioners, or their Clerk, at the next or some other subsequent Meeting of the said Commissioners, with the several Bills of Particulars relating thereto, and thereupon the said Commissioners (not having any just and reasonable Cause to the contrary), shall, and are hereby directed and required, within twenty-one Days after the Delivery of every such Certificate, to make an Order for Payment of the Sum and Sums of Money to be specified in such Certificate, and fmn a Draught or Order on the proper Cashier or Officer of the Bank of England, for Payment thereof at Sight; every such Order to be signed by three or more of the said Commissioners.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if for and upon any Sum or Sums Pprrent may re-of Money which shall become due and payable for Interest of Monies to be borrowed as aforesaid, or for cover Money or on account of any Contract or Contracts to be made by any of the said Committees, and confirmed by c*rt, lird 'oythe the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or for any incidental Charges and Expences relating to the putting in Execution any of the Powers of this Act, or to or for any Salaries, or other Payments or Allowances to c^fe to the J° be made and given pursuant to this Act, such Certificate for Payment thereof being so made and delivered contrary, as aforesaid, the said Commissioners (not having and declaring some just and reasonable Cause to the contrary) shall not, within twenty-one Days next after the Delivery of such Certificate, make and sign an Order for Payment of the Monies to be specified or expressed in such Certificate, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons to whom the Monies in and by such Certificate are expressed to be due or payable, to commence, maintain, and prosecute an Action or Actions in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at ll't/lminster, against any two or more of the said Commissioners, but not against the Committee, or any of them; and in such Action no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained Coro missioners* shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge the said Commissioners with, or for any Monies to be thail nor be

raid to any Person or Persons, upon the Certificate or Certificates of the Committee of any of the Parishes, ui h

’recirdts, or Places, subjected to the Powers of this Act, more than and beyond the Amount of what re Money shall have been paid into and remaining in the Bank of England, in the Name of the Commissioners, by the\ shill and on the Account of the Committee or Committees of the particular Parish, Precinct, or Place, for have receive which the Monies mentioned in such Certificate or Certificates shall be payable $ any Thing herein con- from such Pa* tained to the contrary notwithstanding. ruh.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and are hereby required, from time Th-OmmtiTi-to time, to cause separate and distinct Accounts to be kept of all Monies paid into the Bank of England, onnsfliail keep or to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, by the Collectors of each respective Parish, Precinct, or ^p»r»te Replace, luhjedted to the Powers of this Act, and of all other Monies deposited or paid into the Bank of d^'rom^ England, in the Name9 and in the Manner aforesaid, on the Account of every such Parish, Precinct, or each Pan flu Piacc, and how and to what particular Uses the same have been applied \ and such Accounts shall be made

S up

134 C. 22.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Committees to transmit to Commissioners

up once in every Year and a true Copy or Copies thereof, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, shall be transmitted to the Vestry Cleric of each respective Parish, Precinct, or Place, between Chrijhnai and Lady-day, in every Year, to be by him laid before the Vestry at their next Vestry Meeting; and 2II the Monies raised, collected, borrowed, and received, within the said Parishes, Precincts, and Places respectively, shall, from time to time, be laid out and expended for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, and this Act, within each respective Parish, Precinct, or Place where such Monies shall be raised, collected, borrowed, or deceived, and not elsewhere, except as is herein before directed, and except also the Salaries of the proper Officers of the said Commissioners, and the contingent Expences of the said Commission.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Committees respectively shall, and are hereby required, at mmioners Lady-day and Michaelmas in every Year, or within one Month then next following, to transmit to the said YeaMhe Commissioners, Abstracts, or Extracts, signed by their Clerks respectively, containing the true Amount true Amount of of all Monies by the said Committees respectively rated and a {felled, and at how much in the Pound, and all Monies rated of the Amount of so much of all and every such Rates as shall appear to them to be collected and received, within each Pa- and in Arrear and unreceived, and of all Monies borrowed oil the Securities of every the said additional nfll' Rates.

Salaries of the

LII. And in order to the ascertaining and paying the everal Proportions of every the Salaries of the

c Officers of the Commissioners, and other contingent Expences of the Commission/ Le it enacted, That the Evince* of Commissioners shall, and they are hereby directed, annually, or oftener, by Writing signed by the CommUTion, t^le'r Clerk, to signify and inform all and every the several Committees to be cholen as aforesaid, of the right «how to be paid/and true Proportion to be paid by each of the said Parishes, Precincts, and places respectively, to make good the said Salaries and contingent Expences, in proportion and according to the Amount of all the Monies to be raised by the Rates to be made by virtue of this Act, for repairing, lighting, and cleansing; such Writing to be delivered to,' or left for the respective Clerks to each and every the said Committees, and by such Clerks laid before the respective Committees at their next Meeting, after the same shall be 1b delivered or left; and thereupon each and every of the several Committees respectively, within fourteen Days next after every such Writing shall be so laid before them, shall, and are hereby required to cause their Certificate or Allowance in Writing, signed by three or more of them, to be transmitted to the Commissioners, or their Clerk, signifying the Consent of the said Committee, that the Commissioners may make an Order or Draught to or upon the Bank of England^ or Banker to be appointed as aforesaid, as the Case shall be, for Payment of the respective Proportion or Share so ascertained out of the Monies arisen by the Rates as last aforesaid; and such Share or Proportion so certified may be paid by virtue of such Certificate or Allowance, and Order, so made and signed, and not otherwise.

Saint Margaret LI 11. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared. That, for the several Purposes of this Act, the

and Sunt John Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangeli/l shall, in all Respects, be considered as one Parish to be one Pan'll only, and that three-fifths, as near as may be, of the Committee-men to be choTen and appointed for the for the several said unjtC(j Parishes, shall be Inhabitants residing within the said Parish of Saint Margaret; and the re-urpo t e niajningr part of them shall be Inhabitants residing within the said Parish of Saint John the Evangelist; and that the Committee-men so chosen for the said united Parishes shall be considered as one Committee only, who are to meet and act in Conjunction for the said united Parishes; and that all Meetings of the said Committee-men shall, from time to time, be held in the Veiliy-ioom of the said Parish of Saint Alar gar ctj and at no other Place.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all the said Committee-men to be chosen and appointed for the said united Parishes shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, from time to time, to make all such Contracts as shall he directed to be made by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, within the said united Parishes, and also all Rates and Assessments which shall be necessary to be made within the said united Parishes for paving, repairing, lighting, and cleansing the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places therein, and all other the necessary Purposes of the said former Acts, or of this Act; and the said Committee-men shall have full Power and Authority to do and perform all other Matters and Things, which any other Committee-men are by this Act authorised to do and perform, within any of the Parishes and Places within the Limits of this Act; and the said Rates and Assessments, when raised or levied, together with all Monies which the said united Parishes may hereafter be in titled to, for the better carrying on and completing the several Works to be done by virtue of this Act, shall be added together, and made one common Stock or Fund, and be issued and applied for the Benefit of the said united Parishes, as the said Committee-men, at any of their Meetings to be held as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, think fit to order and diresSt; and the said Committee-men are hereby authorised and required in the Appointment of their Officers, to consider the said united Parishes as one Parish only, for the Purposes of this Act; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LV. And for the better and more effectually carrying the said former Acts, and this Act, into Execution, within the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Eicon:(IwryJ It is hereby

mitter-mcn shall enacted and declared, That for and notwithstanding any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, be chofen for the Commissioners and Committee- men to be elected or chosen in and for the said respective Parishes, shall, at all Times hereafter, be elected or choftn by the respective Vestry-men of the said Parishes, at distinct Meetings to be held in their separate Vestry-rooms; and the Committees, when elected or chosen as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, assemble and meet together in the Vestry-room of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, to and for the Purposes of making all and every the said Rates or Assessments, and for every Purpose concerning the repairing, cleansing, and lighting the several Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the said respective Parishes, and for exercising all and every other the Powers and

Authorities

nd the Committee men for those Parishes are jointly to make Rates.

How Commissioners and Corn-

Saint Giies and Saint George Bloom fbury.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 22.

*33

Authorities hereby granted, except as herein after is mentioned; and that with respect to the Rate or Rates, Act llment or Assessments, herein before directed to be made, for the Purposes of repairing, cleaning* and lighting the several Square*, Streets, Lattes, and other Places within the said respective Parishes, and for all and every other the Purposes of this Act, and the said former Acts, the said two Parishes shall he deemed and taken to be one Parish, and the Committees thereof shall art in conjunction, and be con-iiJercJ as one Committee to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, except as herein after is mentioned.

;rr, ns lies above the Pars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Par»fli of Saint said Coum\, shall, in all Respefls, be considered as one Parish horn^Ibove^he' chosen and appointed for such Part of the said Parish of Saint Bars! 2nd S.iint

_.r____ ount

rated or ail elf d; and each of the said respective Committees shall have full Power and Authority, at Meet- 0: c*ch Raoth. it'[« t > be he'd at their respective Vestry-iooms, to ..Isign so much of the said additional Rate or Rates,

AlMlf.v:nr or Assessments, as shall be laid, rated, or addled within their separate Parish, as a Security or bccuriues for the several Sum or Sums to be by them respectively borrowed or taken up at Interest by virtue of ttic Powers hereby granted, and according to the Directions herein before contained; which said £vjti or Sum*, and all other Monies which the said respective Parishes shall or may raise, collect, or receive, by virtue of the said additional Rate or Rates, Assessment or AHeflmenrs, shall be deposited in the rc c*f England, and placed to the separate and ditlinct Account of the relp tftive Parish whereon the Ln c w «, were, or shall be borrowed, rated, or aflelled; and after Payment of the Interest of the Money to h f> bofiowed, the Residue of the Money arising by the said additional Rate or Rates, Assessment or Alidhu nts, shall be, by the said respective Committees, at Meetings to be held at their respective Vestry-rooms, fr;uratclv» distinctly, and without the Interposition of each other, applied in and about the new-paviitg any Part or Parts of their said respective Panfn, according to the Powers and Directions of this Act.

LVII. P raided always, and be it enacted and declared. That, for the several Purposes of this Act, so $0 much oftfi® much of the P nfh of Saint Andrew, HWborn, as lies abvive the Pars, in the County of Middlesex, and the p4r»rti of Saint

Fjl -., a. \ ~ ~ J ~ An.lr.uz HaI.

a* ilh ot ba'.f.t George the Auntyr, in the

cr/.y; and (h it the Committee-men to be ________

Animv, //// as lies abo*.e t!ie Piars, shall be Inhabitants nfiding within that Part of the said Parish, CcorgetheMaraud the Committee men to be chofin and appointed for the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, shall be In- l>r» to Kc united: habitants rchJing within the said Parish of Saint George the Ma*tyr\ and that the said Committee-men so to I? 1 hr, fen as aforesaid, shall be considered as one Committee only, and shall meet, and at all Times 0

hviraiur a.t, in conjunction, for so much of the find Parish of Saint Andrew, Hi Worn, as lies above the L~r*, and fur ti c said Parish of Saint G'eor?e the Mu' tyr; and that all Meetings of the fr.id Committee-men jdiall, from time to time, be held at the Workh >use belonging to such Part of the said Parish of Saint An-eireu, If 0.horn, as lies auovc the Pars, and at no other Place.

L\ 111. And be it further enacted, That all the said Committee-men to be chosen and appointed for the TIlw thr Com^ f id united Pai ilhes, shall, and they are hereby authored and required, from time to time, to make 2 paifte*. such C-.r..r;u5ts as shall Ic directid to be made by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall ma:tttluicv v irh;n the f.nd uni cd P.1 riHic?, and also all Rates and AHefiments which shall be ncecflhry to be made u ithiri the said united Parishes, for paving, repairing, lighting, and cleansing the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places therein, and all other the necessary Put poles of the said former Acts, or r f this Act; and the said Committee-men shall have full Power and Authority to do and perform all the Matters and Things wh:rh any other Committee-men are by this Act authorised to do and perform, within any of the Parishes and Places within the Limits of this Act; and the said Rates and Assessments, when raised or levied, together with all Monies which the said united Parishes may hereafter be intitled to, for the better carrying on and completing the several VVroiks to be done by virtue of this Act, shall be added together and made one common Stock, or Fund, and be iffiicd and applied for the Benefit of the said united Par.Ihes, as the said Committee-men, at 2ny of their Meetings to be held as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, think fit to order and direct; 2nd the said Committee-rr.cn are hereby authorised and required, in the Appointment of their Officers, to consider the said united Parishes as one Par 1 fh only, for the Purposes of this Act; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be TIds Atf-not tm cor, ft rued to extend, to any Square, Street, or Place, which has been paved, cleansed, and lighted, under exl?nd !° rK' the Clauses in the said Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty, impowering the Inhabitants of °Pt,dna any particular Square, Street or Place, to raise a Sum sufficient to new-pave the same, and enabling the Commissioners to affr n the Rates or Assessments made upon such Square, Street, or Place, as a Security f»,r the Repayment of such Money, with Interest; but that all such Squares, Streets, and Places, shall continue under the Diiedlion of the said former Act, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been* made.

LX. And whereas the Liberty of the Rolls is included within the Provisions of the said former Act, The Liberty o#

and ought to be included in this Act Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the lhe Commissioncn appointed and elected, or to be appointed and elected, by > irtue of the said former Acts, any c^uda^’ f: either of them, and of this Act, shall, over and above the Powers given by the said former Acts, have full >v.cr and Authority to pave and repair, light and cleanse the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said L:*i rryof the Rdls, and to make, collect, and recover the like Rates or Assessments, and to put this Act in Execution therein, as fully and effectually as the same can be done by the Commissioners or Committee* appointed to put this Act in Execution within the several Parishes, Piecindls, and Places included iiv 3 this.

136 C. 22.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

The South Side of Ilrming’s Row co be paved.

Church wardens «xnpp»ed {'tom comribu ;ing.

[Proviso.]

The Ports in Church Pa (Tape not to be taken way j

nor the Ports and Porters Jfclock. near Sa-vile Row j

nor those in King's Square Court Passage.

Two Commissioners may put up Chains, &c. at certain Times in Maddox Street and Mill Street.

Commissioners vetted with Power to remove Annqyan-ces in Streets not paved.

To prevent talcing away Night Soil but between certain Hours.

this Act; and the said Liberty of the Rolls shall bear a due Proportion with the said Parishes of the Expences to be provided for by this Act.

LXI. And whereas the Street or Place called I Inning's Row* in the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields* is a great Thoroughfare, the Passage through Part whereof having been hitherto narrow, incon- venient, and dangerous, by means of a Wall and some Buildings belonging to the said Parish, whion have lately been pulled down in order to the building a new House for the Reception and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, which new House hath been set back from where the said Wall flood at the c Distance of ten Feet, or thereabouts; and in order to the widening the said Street called Herniaf s Row* and rendering the same commodious for the future, it hath been proposed, on the Behalf of thi Vicar, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants of the said Parish, in Vestry assembled, that the said Ground, and other the Ground belonging to them, being two hundred and five Feet long, and ten Feet wide, cr thereabouts, now lying near to, and appearing to be Part of the said Street, shall, for ever hereafter, be 1 Part of the said Street \ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing this Act, the Ground last mentioned shall thenceforth for ever lie open to and be deemed and taken to be Part of the said Street, and shall be paved or repaired, lighted and cleansed as such, under and by virtue of the Powers of this Act; and that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish shall thenceforth for ever be exempted and discharged from all Expences of repairing, paving, lighting, and cleansing the said Street or Place called Heming's Row* and of and from all and every Rate and Rates hereafter to be made in pursuance of any of the said recited Acts, or this Act, for and in respect of the said Street or Place called He mine's Row,

LXII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall exempt any other Person or Persons whomsoever from the Payment of all or any of the Rate or Rates to be made as last aforesaid, for and in respect of any Part or Parts of the said Street called Herning s Rctu.

LXIII. And whereas at the North and South Ends of a certain Passage or Place in the said Parish of Saint James* leading out of Piccadilly into Jermyn Street* commonly called or known by the Name of Church PaJJlige* there are Foils set up to prevent the A'dmission or passing of Carriages (one Side of the said Passage being Part of the Cemetery or Burial Ground belonging to the said Parish) ;* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise or impower the said Commissioners or Committees, or either of them, or any other Person or Persons by them employed, to take up or remove all or any of the Pods which now are or hereafter may be set up either at the North or South End of the said Passage, by Order of the Vestry of the said Parish of Saint James; but that the same shall, at all Times hereafter, be and remain in such Manner as the said Vestry shall direct, provided the same do not obstruct Passengers on Foot.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower the said Commissioners or Committees, or either of them, or any other Person or Persons by them employed, to take down or remove the Porters Block, or to take up or remove the Posts belonging thereto, or any the Posts now standing and being at or near a Place called Vigo Lane* leading from the Top of Sackvile Street to Savile Row.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act, or any or either of the said former Acts contained, shall extend to authorise or impower the said Commissioners, or the Committee of the Parish of Saint Anne within the Liberty of Westminster* or any of them, or any Person or Persons by them employed, to take up or remove the Polls which are now (landing at the North End of a Passage leading from the West End of King's Square Court to Chapel Street* in the said Parish of Saint Anne, or which may hereafter be there set up, so as the same do not obstruct or prevent Persons passing on Foot through the said Passage; any Thing in this Act, or any or either of the said former Acts, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXVI. And whereas, by reason of the great Concourse of Coaches and other Carriages in Mad Lx Street and Mill Street, within the Parish of Saint George* Hanover Square, upon Sundays* and great Holi- days, it frequently happens that the Inhabitants and Parishioners are very much disturbed and inter- rupted in the Time of Divine Service Be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, may order and direct any Bars or Chains to be erected and placed across the said Streets called Maddox Street and Mill Street* during the Time of Divine Service, and for the Space of one Hour before and one Hour after, or may take any other Method for preventing the passing and repafting of Coaches, during such Time as they shall think fit and proper.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall have, and they are hereby veiled with, all thp Powers and Authorities for removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, and otherwise regulating the several Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the Limits of the said recited Acts, which have not been already new-paved or completed by virtue of the said Acts, gs by the said Act passed in the second Year of his present Majesty, they are veiled with, in the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places that have been new-paved or completed under their Direction.

LXyill. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall come with any Cart or Carts, or begin to empty any Boghouse or Boghouses, or to take away any Night Soil from any House or Houses within the Limits aforesaid, before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock at Night, or shall continue to take away the same after the Hour of Six in the Morning, from Michaelmas to Lady-day* or after the Hour of Five of the Clock from Lady-day to Michaelmas; or if any Person shall put or cast, or cause to be put or call, out of any Cart, Tub, or otherwise, in or near any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mews, Alleys, Passages, and Places within the Limits aforesaid, or within Half a Mile thereof, any such Night Soil, it shall apd may be lawful to and for any Constable, Beadle, or

Watchman,

*37

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 22.

Watchman, (and they are hereby finally required and directed so to do) or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to apprehend and carry him or them guilty of either of the said Offences to such Watch house as they shall think most convenient, there to be kept, and from thence conducted, as soon as conveniently may be, before some Justice of the Peace for the said County or City, and Liberty of Weshnirjhr, as the Case shall be, who, upon Oath made of such Offence or Offences as aforesaid (which Oath such Justice is hereby imnowrrcd and required to administer) shall and may commit such Person or Persons guilty of any of the said Offences to the House of Correction for the said"County or City, and Liberty of Westminster^ for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than ten Days, there to be kept to haid Labour: And it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to order any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be paid to the Person who shall detect, apprehend, and convey before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, any such Person or Persons guilty as aforesaid, to be paid out of the Rates to be raised by virtue of this Act.

LXIX. And, for as much as it may sometimes happen, that as well the said Commissioners as the Contingent Lid Committees may be necessarily and unavoidably put unto, bear and suffer, some Costs, Charges, and incurred, Expences, not provided for by any of the said former Acts or this Act, in and about the enfotcing the ^ow *° bc dCm Performance of Contracts, and otherwise \ Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and tra*c for the said Commissioners, by virtue of any Certificate or Allowance of the Committee of the Parish,

Precinct, or Place, wherein or in respect of which any such Costs, Charges, or Expences, shall have been incurred (the said Committee, or five or more of them, at any of their public Meetings, being the Majority of the Committee-men then met) to be signed as aforesaid, to make an Order or Draught on the Bank of Lnzland) or Banker as aforesaid, for Payment of all or any such Colls, Charges, and Expences, by and out of the Monies deposited or paid into the Bank, or to the Banker, on the Account of such respective Parish, Precinct, or Place.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners appointed by and charges of oh-in pursuance of all or any of the before-recited Acts, by and out of any Monies in the Hands of their Trca- raining this Act, surer (other than and except such Monies as have arilen from or by Means of the said Clause, commonly and cerU,n

called the Optional Clause) shall and may defray and satisfy the Charges and Expences by them incurred jl^Vn"5a°

in and about the obtaining and passing this Act; and that every the several Committees to be chosen pur- ,hc lift Seffio4

suant to the Directions of this Act, by and out of the first Monies to be by them severally and respectively how to be paid* a lie fled and raised, within their several and respective Parishes, Precincts, and Places, shall and may defray and satisfy the Share or Proportion of every the said Parishes, Precincts, and Places, of the Charges and Expences which such Parishes, Precincts, and Places respectively, have borne, sustained, or been put unto, in or about their several and respective Applications to the Honourable House of Commons, touching this present Act, and also touching any Bill or Bills, which, in the last Session of Parliament, was or were brought into the said House by any or either of the said several Parishes, Precincts, and Places, to the Intent to enable certain Commissioners to be appointed in and for such Parishes Separately, and exclusively of all others, to pave, light and cleanse their own Parishes only.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judge- ProrceHi’ngt not ment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, or Assignment, Transfer or other Security for the borrowing of J* charged Money, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of, or only signed by ^,lhSta^P any Committee or Commitees, Commissioner or Commissioners for putting the said former Acts, or any uty* of them, or this Act, in Execution, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, touching, concerning, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities thereby or hereby vested in such Committee or Committees, Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, or Transfer or Alignment of any of the Securities aforesaid, made by any Person or Persons, shall he charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Apr,! may be shall think himself, herfdf, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, made, made in pursuance of this Act, every such Person or Persons may and shall first apply for Relief to the Commitree of the Parish, Freeing, or Liberty wherein the Cause of Complaint is supposed to have arisen, at the first or fcreond Meeting of the said Committee, next after Demand made of such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments; and the said Committees respectively are hereby authorised and impowered, if they shall see cause so to do, to give such Relief, or make such other Oraer in the Premises, as to them shall stem meet; and in case the Party or Parties so applying for Relief shall not be satisfied with the Order and Determination of the said Committee, he, she, or they, shall and may apply and appeal for Relief to the Commissioners at their first or second Meeting next after such Determination of the said Committee in the Premises, giving to the said Committee, or their Clerk, six Days Notice of such Appeal; and the said Commissioners shall and may, and are hereby enabled and impowered thereupon, to hear, determine, and make such Order therein, as to them shall seem meet; and if the Party or Parties appealing shall be dilUtished with the Order and Determination of the said Commissioners, yet nevertheless he, she, or they,

Ih »1 be obliged to pay the Rate or Assessment complained of, according to the Order of the said Commissioner% in the Prtmiics, and shall and may thereafter, and not before, appeal to the Quarter Session of the ] crA'r to be holden in and for the said County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, as the Case poll be, wi:hin three Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners, such Appellant f.rit giving, or causing to be given, six Days Notice at lead in Writing of his or her Intention to bring f Kh A,>;h *1, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to such Committee, and within four Days next after fij h Notice, entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or City, and Ld'-ny of // tjiminster, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Vol. XL T Order

I38

C. 23. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Di d refs not deemed unlawful.

Proceedings not to be quasheH for want of Form.

Plaintiff shall

rot recover, if f ltfiuent Amends tendered.

Limitation of Actions,

Ceneral Issue.

Treble Costs,

[Public Act.]

Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Session; and the said Justices, at such Quarter Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices, at their Quarter Session, shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Default or want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage only, in an Action on the Case.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assdlments, or any Proceeding to be had touching any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to any such Complaint or Appeal, or any Order or Determination thereon, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at lVejhniv.fi er by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXV. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, every or any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in any Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgement shall be had, made, or given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Commissioner or Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons acting under them, or against any Committee-man or Committee-men, or other Person or Persons acting under any of the said Committees, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until after the Expiration of twenty-one Days next after Notice thereof shall be given in Writing to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, or Clerk to the said Committee, as the Case shall be, or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and that the Defendant or Defendants, and every of them, in every such Action and Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials to be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before the Expiration of twenty-one Days after Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if such Action or Suit was not commenced within the Time before limited for that Purpose, or shall be laid in any County or Place other than the said County of Mid-dlesex, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Action or Suit, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Suit; or if, upon any Demurrer in such Action or Suit, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any other Cases by Law.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same, or giving the same in Evidence.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, from the Parish of Saint Botilph, Aldgate, to Cable Street; also the said Cable Street, the Foot-path in Back Lane, Part of the Pre-cindl of Well Clcfe, the Street leading from Nightingale Lane to Ratcliff Cross, Butcher Row* and Brock Street, and the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages opening into the same; and for removing all Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the several Streets, Lanes, and Part of the Precincts herein after mentioned, (that is to say) Rosemary Lane, from the Boundary of the Parish of Saint Botolph, Aldgate, to Cable f Street, the said Street called Cable Street, the Foot-path of the Back Lane> to the Turnpike Gate in Can-

kncn

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 23; 139

non Street Road, Part of the Precind of Well Close, the Street leading from Nigh rttngale L^aney in E>aff Smithfield, to Ratcliff Crofsy the Street called Butcher Row, and Brook Street, in the Hamlet of Ratcliff all which are in the Tower Hamletr, and County of Middlesex; and also the several Streets, Lanes, Pal- sages, and Places, opening immediately into the above-mentioned Streets, Lanes, and Precind, are very ill paved, and the Passage through the same greatly obstructed by Ports, Projections, and other Nuisances,

and annoyed by Spouts, Signs, and Gutters, and the present Methods prescribed by Law are found in- effectual for removing such Annoyances and Obstructions; and for the proper paving of such Streets, Lanes, Precind, PalLges, and Places, and keeping such Pavements in sufficient Repair: And whereas there is a Doubt whether some Part of Rosemary Lane is comprehended within a certain Act of Parliament, made and passed this present Session, intituled, An Act for better paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys y Ways, and other Public Passages, in that Part of Goodman’s Fields which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfcllon, otherwise Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, and also Red Lyon Street and White Lyon Street, lying contiguous to the said Fields, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, An- noyances, and Ob/lruflions therein I May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. That John Shakespear, Robert Commissioners Pilly Samuel Dickenson% William IVilJony Charles Bovules, fames Savage, Claus Hetdey fens rederjeny Ed- Names. ward HawkinSyfohn Sherwood, Charles Merry, Esquires 5 Robert Broivnfcny William Moory Richard Mad-dicky Robert Clark, fofeph Cox, David Blandy Robert Lacblandy fofeph Hally Abraham Peakes, Henry Rippy Henry MayOy William Blackmorey Abial Homey Theophilus Pntzlery Thomas Quintiny Charles ferdeiriy fames Tinuaites, fohn BrijloWy fofeph follands, Philip Splidty William Pelly fames Cantjy fohn Robinson, fames Ajptnaly fohn Painy Thomas BradjhaWy fames Robmfony Robert HeatheotCy William Saunders, William Cooke, jojeph Birdy Daniel Bo tty David Trindery fohn Fleming, Richard Coley fames Henley, fohn Matthews,

vey, Robert Calendary Charles Hillary fofeph Dizington, and Aaron Clinkery Gentlemen; shall be, and they and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution: And in case of the Death of any of the above-named Commissioners, On D;ath, &c. or Refusal toad, or neglecting to attend at the Meetings of the said Commissioners which shall be held in of Commission-pursuance of this Act, for the Space of twelve Months (unless prevented by Sickness, or other unavoidable ^sJlc°thers to bc Occasion) it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, 0 cu* from time to time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect one other Person, inhabiting within the said District, to be a Commissioner, in the Room and Stead of such Commissioner so deceased, removed, or refusing to ad, or neglecting to attend within the Time aforesaid, ten Days public Notice of ten Days Notice the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election being given, by affixing the same in Writing on *°ke &jvenof the principal Doors of the respective Parish Churches following; (that is to say) of Saint Mary-, White- ehapel; Saint Georgiy Saint Pauly Shadwell; and Saint Dunjlany Stepney, in the County aforesaid; and such other Places within the District aforesaid as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall direct; and every Person so elected shall bc, and is hereby veiled with the lame Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as the Person in whole Place he shall bc elected was vested with.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Qualification of Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall then be in his own Right, or in Right of his Commissionen. W ife, in the actual Posselhon or Receipt of the Rents of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the

clear yearly Value of forty Pounds, or possessed of or inti tied to a personal Estate, of the Value of one thousand Pounds: And if any Person not being so qualified, shall presume to ad, every such Person shall. Penalty on aa-for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue ing it not ijuiii-for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, 01 on the fied* 50 Case, or by lkll, or Suit, or Information, together with Costs of Suit, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wa ger of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, and wherein the Proof of Qualification shall iie on the Person prosecuted; and it shall be sufficient on the Part of the Prosecutor to prove, that the Person so prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Vidualer, or Per- ViAudm in-

son who shall sell Ale, Wine, or other Spirituous Liquors by Retail, dull be capable of acting as a Com-cabbie ot atfing iniftioner under this Act. as Conrmi,i;on-

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five oren*

rrore of them, shall meet together at the House known by the Name or Sign of the White Swan, opposite 0^1^n^;l^ce Old Gravel Laney in Ratcliff Highway, within the District aforesaid, on the second Mondaynext after the°rs fi^Tlcetine-p iling of this Act, and proceed to put this Act in Execution; and they, or any two or more of them, whonuyaJ. (bung the Whole or major Part of the Commissioners appearing) at such Meeting, are hereby impowered joum, to aJj urn themselves from time to time, to meet at the same or other convenient Place within the District aforesaid, as they shall think proper, for putting this Act in Execution: And it at any Meeting lo ap- or’n poinuJ there shall not appear a fufikient Number of Commissuners to ad, or to adjourn to another Day,3 or it the said Commissioners shall at any Time omit, neglect, or refuse to adjourn themselves; then, poi^t and m every such Case, the Commissioners Clerk shall appoint a Meeting t the said Commissioners at the \ot ce same Place, by public Notice in Writing, to be affixed, at least lix Days beffire the Time appointed by in Wr:V,n~. such Notice for such Meeting, on the principal Doors of tho respective Parish Crunches aioicibid; And in in Cif-cf ,he Ca\c the said Clerk shall die, or be incapable of acting, before the Appointment of such Meeting, or shall cieik’iDuth. icfuTc or neglect to make such Appointment, when required by any two or more of the Liu Commissioners, or Ret u, t*«

T 2 then Corr.;.aii*vacts

140

C. 23.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

and remove them, and appoint others j

and allow Salaries.

Notice to be

to appoint a then any two or more of the said Commissioners shall and may, by the like public Notice, appoint the said Meeting with Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was held; and that all Orders and Determi-like Notice. nations of the said Commissioners (save the above Appointment, and except as after mentioned) shall be No Ord?r valid made at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise; and that no such Order or Determi-butof Meetings, nation shall be valid, unless the Majority of the Commissioners present shall concur therein; and the said Coibitudinners Commissioners, at all their Meetings, shall defray their own Expences; but no Person shall be capable of Expences6 ^nd" act, ng as a Commissioner in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, during the Time he shall not to act where hold or enjoy any Office of Profit under this Act, or have any Share or Interest in any Contraft relating interested. to the Execution hereof.

Commissioners V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five ot

may appoint of-more of them, shall and may elect and chuse, and, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, at any ficers. Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers,

Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rates or Assessments, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officer or Officers for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and are hereby impowered from time to time to remove him or them, and appoint others, as they shall find necessary or convenient; and by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, may, and are hereby impowered to appoint and pay such Salaries and Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed in the Execution of this Act, as they shall think reasonable, six Days Notice in Writing having been first given to each Commissioner, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, of the intended Election of any such Clerk, Treasurer, Com^ioncrof Receiver, or Surveyor; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and

such Election. maY ta^c such Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices, by such Person and Persons as afore-Officers to give said, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and such Person or Per-

Securiry. fons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the several Rates or Sums of Money hereby granted, shall pay

Rat*sc°ii*ftPaid ^ame *° ^er^on or Persons as (nail, from time to time, be so appointed to collect and receive the

tot c o e ors. pame^ according to the true Meaning of this Act; and all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as

aforesaid, shall, under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall direct, deliver to such Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts, in Writing, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all the Monies which shall have been, by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act; and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together to pay Money In with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respectHand, and de- tive Hands to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers and Persons, so accounting as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath, if thereunto required, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer) verify their said Accounts: And if any such Officer or Person, Officers or Persons, shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath, any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid; or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within ten Days after being thereunto required by any five or more of such Commissioners, by Notice in Writing given to, or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of any such Officer or Person, and all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act; or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as, upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in his or their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or as they shall direct or appoint 5 Actionsmaybe then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, and are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Names of such Commissioners, or in the Names of any three or more of them, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, with Costs of Suit; or if Complaint shall be m ffie by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, shall be and reside, such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorised and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refusing or negkfting, to be brought before him or them; and upon his and their appearing (or not being to be found; to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way: And if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to fu< h Justice or Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons; such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorised and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer 01 Officers, If no Good?, Of Person or Persons, offending in the Premises respectively: And if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the same; or in case it shall appear to such Justice or Justices, by the Confession of the said Parry so offending, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath, that any Books, Pa-

6 pers,

Officers to account, &c.

liver up Books when required;

and in case of Neglect or Refusal,

brought;

or may proceed by Distress and Sale.

fender may be commuted.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

C. 2 3 141

per?, or Writings. relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Officer or Officers, rerlon or Persons, and he or they shall refuse to deliver the same as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, such Justice or Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Offender shall be and reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make) and until he shall deliver up such Bo >ks, Papers, and Writings, as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them:

Provided always, That no Person who shall be committed on account of his having no Goods or Chattels, shall be detained in Prison for any Term longer than six Months.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case of the Death of any such Officer, or other Person On Death of to be nppointed as aforesaid, or of his becoming Bankrupt, before he shall have paid and delivered up 0tficers» or all the Monies he shall have received by virtue of this Act; then, and in every such Case, the Execu-for or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, Aiiignce or Assignees, of his Estate and Effects, or account'/ other Person or Persons po(Idling the same, or in w hom the same have or hath vested, shall, in the first Place, and in Preference to all other Creditors, pay the said Monies remaining unpaid or delivered up as aforesaid, out of the said Estate and Effects, or as far as the same will extend, to the said Commissioners under this Act, or to any Person appointed by them, or any five or more of them, and also all Books, Papers, Writings, and other Things concerning his Office, or relating to the Execution of this Act: And every Executor or Administrator, Assignee, ot other Person or Persons polVefled of such Effects as aforesaid, may plead such Paym nt in any Action or Suit that may be brought against him, her, or them, on account of the said Estate and Effids, or give the same in Evidence: And in case of Non-payment of such Monies, or Non-delivery of such Books, Papers, Writings, and Things, by the Space of ten Days after the same shall be demanded; it shall and may be lawful for the Person to be appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or any five or more of them, and he is hereby required to commence and bring, and authorised to maintain, one or more Action or Actions, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminffet\ against: such Executor, Administrator, Assignee, or other Person or Persons poflefting the Estate and Effects which did belong to such dreeased Person or Bankrupt, for Recovery thereof, together with Costs of Suit, or of Damages, in lieu of such Books, Papers, Writings, and Things.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be employed as a Clerk, Treasurer, Col- Officers taking lector. Receiver, or Surveyor, or any other Officer or Servant, who shall be any wife employed by the *ny Reward said Commissioners in putting this Act, or any the Powers thereof, in Execution, shall exact, take, or ac- other.than cept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards, as shall be ap- Salancs> pointed, allowed, and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for or on account of any Thing done, or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative to the putting this Act in Execution; or flvll anywise he concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contract made, or being inte-or to be made, determined by the said Commissioners, or any of them, for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execu- in any lion; every such Person, so offending, shall be incapable of everferving or being employed under this Act, commit* and shall over and above forfeit the Sum of on hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for fiQener° the same by Action of Dtbf, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, with- qujlifted from in six Calendar Months after the Offence committed; in which said Action, no Essoin, Protcdion, or being emjitnrd, Wag^rof Law, nor more than one ImjvPance, shall be allowed. and iwituioal.

VIII. And be it tnaded by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the second Monday after the Commissioncn passing of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and im- impowered to powered, from time to rime, to cause, order, and direct the several Streets, Lanes, and Places following, p-*ve and alter which are in the District aforesaid, videlicet, Rofnnary Laney from the Boundary of the Parish of Saint Succt,» &c# lktljhy Aidgate, aforesaid, to Cable Street aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall or may not be comprehended within the Description of a certain Act, intituled, An Act for better paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, ard other public Passages, in that Part of Goodmans Fields which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary MatJ\lUn% otherwise Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, and also Red Lyon Street and White Lyon Strit/, lying contiguous to the said Fields, and for removing and preventing Nuifarces. Annoyances, and Obstructions therein,’ the said Street called Cable Street, the Foot-path of the Rack Lane to the Turnpike Gate in Cannon Street Roul aforesaid, Well Cloje Square, Parsons Street, Shorter Street, Neptune St*crty the E'ooi -pat hs of Grace's Alley* Not th-east Passagey and Ship Alley, within the said Precinct of Well Close, the Street Lading from Nightingale Lane aforesaid to Ratcliff Cross aforesaid, and that Part of East Smithfield opening into the said Lit-mentioned Street, which lies between the Precinct of Saint Catharine and Nightingale Lane aforesaid, the said Streets called Butcher Rau and Brook Street, or any of them, to be paved, repaired, sunk, or altered, in such Manner as they shall think fit.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That neither this Act, or To wb*t Part of any Thing herein contained, shall be construed, deemed, or take n to comprehend or include such Part of Roiem, ry l-an« the said Lane called Rosemary Lane (if any) or any ot cr Part of the District comprehended within the said thi*

Act for better paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, A!Fc\s, Ways, and other public Paflagts, in «tcnO. that Part of Goodman s Fields which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary Alatfellony otherwise Whitechapel, in the County of Ahddlesexy and also Red Lyon Street and White Lyon Street, lying contiguous to the said Fields, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

-i 4 2 C. 2 2«

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

and if Contract rot performed, Action to be brought thereon

Materials may be dug out of, or brought into &e Streets, Sec,

Rosemary Lane X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That so much of the said Lane called Rosemary Lane as to be paved with lies within the District comprised in this Act, shall be paved with Stones of a flat Surface, in like Manner flat Stones. as the West End of the said Lane is already paved.

Commissioners XI- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or may contra^ for more of them, may and are hereby impowered, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to con-paving the tra#, by Deed or Deeds in Writing, with any Person or Persons, for paving and keeping in Repair the bueexs. said Streets, Lanes, and Places, authorised to be paved as aforesaid, or any of them; which Contract and Contracts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered, in case of Non-performance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works; but previous to the making of any such Contract, ten Days Notice shall be given in one or more public Newspapers, expressing the Intention of the intended Contract, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the same, may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Commissioners, at a certain Time and Place in each Notice to be mentioned.

Surveyor to ?n-

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five the Works; or more of them, and they are hereby directed to cause all and every the Works done in pursuance of this Act to be inspe#ed by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall from time to time appoint; and in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently performed, according to the true Sente and Meaning of such Contract or Contracts, or shall not be finishea and completed at or within the Time or Times that the same are agreed to be completed by the said Contract or Contracts, the said Commissioners shall and may, in their own Names, or in the Names of any five or more of them, bring an Action in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Wefhninjhr, against any Person or Persons so contracting and negle#ing to perform such Contract or Contracts, and for Penalty or Penalties, Damage or Damages, which shall be contained in such Contract or Contracts; and upon the proving the Signing of the said Contract or Contracts, and Non-performance thereof, at the Time or Times for the Purposes therein mentioned, the said Commissioners shall be intitled to, and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties, Damage or Damages, which, when recovered, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners a#ing under these Presents, or any five or more of them, shall also have full Power and Authority to cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, authorised to be paved as aforesaid, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, and to employ such Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, and to issue such Money on those Accounts, and to do all and every such other Acts and Things as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall judge necessary or conducive to the accomplishing the Ends and Designs of this Act.

Property of all XI V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of the Pavements of the

Materials verted said Streets, Lanes, and Places to be paved, and of all other Materials and Things which shall be provided in the Commis- ancj made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the Commission-Penalties on ers ^0r t*me 5 and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to -fleaTng or Tn- bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name or Names of any two or more of them, juring Materials, or to prefer, and order and dire# the preferring of Indi#ments against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, or carry sway any Part of such Materials or Things, or disturb them in the Possession thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, obstru#, hinder, or molest, any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Workmen, Person or Persons whatsoever, who is, are, or shall be employed, by Virtue of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty, every such Person so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the old Pavement, or other Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the same, and to apply the Purchase money to the Purposes of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Part of the Pavement within the Distri# aforesaid shall be taken up for the Purpose of making, repairing, altering, cleansing, or emptying any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, or laying, altering, or amending any Water-pipe or Plug, or for any other Purpose whatsoever; the Person or Persons so taking up such Pavement shall immediately give Notice thereof to the Surveyor to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, in order that the same may, with all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired, under the Inspe#ion of the said Surveyor, and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid by the said Commissioners; and they shall be reimbursed the same by the Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers, on whose Account, or by whose Order, the said Pavement, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be taken up; but if such Pavement shall not be taken up on their Account, then such Expences shall be reimbursed by the Occupier or Owner of the Vault, Drain, or other Place, on which Account such Pavements shall be taken up, or other Person or Persons taking up, or causing the same to be taken up.

'Commissioners

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for -may contract the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, from time to time, pVni'et* X^for" to compound and agree with the said Companies or Commissioners of Sewers, or other Person and Persons rriayinp fJeh rel'peaively,

Pavements. 7

Penalty on interrupting Workmen.

Commissioners -may fell c Id Llaterials, and ?pp!y the Money, &c.

Notice to be given to Surveyor or tjJcing up Pavement for repairing any Vault, &c.

Commission era to relay it. and ‘.be reimbursed sche Expences.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 23. 143

respectively, for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot or other Measure, as the said Commissioners for put- ting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable, in lieu and instead of laying down or repairing such Pavement as shall be necessarily taken up for any the Purposes aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Companies of Water-On R^ufa! of works, or Commissioners of Sewers, Owner, Occupier, or Person or Persons aforesaid respectively, shall Payment, neglect or refute to pay what the said Commissioners shall have so paid and disbursed, or what shall be due

upon such Contract or Composition as aforesaid, within fourteen Days next after Notice thereof, to be left by the Surveyor or Clerk appointed, or to be appointed, by the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, at the Dwelling-house, or lait Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Secretary or Secretaries,

Clerk or Clerks, of such Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively; which Notice shall be in Writing, and ligned by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of the Expence of such Repair, or Money due upon such Composition; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said last mentioned Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, commenced, and prosecuted, in the Name of such Afliontobe' Person or Persons as they shall appoint, any Action or Actions for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of for Money respectively, with Costs of Suit; but as to the Monies that shall become payable as aforesaid from1 c oney* the Companies of Water-works and Commissioners of Sewers, such Action or Actions shall be brought against the respective Treasurers, or other Person or Persons holding, possessing, or having the Management of any Monies belonging to such Companies and Commissioners, in any one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at on Debt, Case, or otherwise, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which Action or

Suit no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed: And in case such Person or Persons, hereby directed to give such Notice to the Surveyor or Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution as is before directed, shall neglect so to do for the Space of six Hours after such Pavement shall be so taken up, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, for the Purposes of this Act, it Commissioners shall at any Time be found necessary to raise, fink, or otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pipes or?°PJv Plugs laid down or placed by the said Companies, or of any of the Leaden or other Pipes which shall be laid 106

into or from any of the said Companies Pipes; which the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to cause to be done as often, and in such Places, as they shall think proper; and the same shall be paid for out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be done with as little Detriment or Inconvenience to the said Companies and other Persons, as the Circumstances of the Case will admit.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as it shall happen that Whwany of any Pipe or Pipes be*»nging to any Water Company shall break or built within the District aforesaid, it th*.w*,er Com~ shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor to the said Commissioners for the time being, or any Inch N^'ice> ro other Person as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint for that Purpose, to give be given to immediate Notice thereof to the Pavior of the Water Company to w hom he apprehends such Pipe or Pipes Companies, does, or do, or may belong, and require him to take up the Pavement, and open the Ground, at or near the Place where the Water shall or may issue by reason of such Pipe or Pipes breaking or bursting, within two Days next after such Notice given to such Pavior, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode: And if, upon taking up the Pavement, and opening the Ground, it shall appear that the Pipe or Pipes so broke or burst do or doth belong to the Water Company whose Pavior shall have taken up such Pavement, and opened such Ground; that then, and in such Case, the Surveyor, or other Person as aforesaid, shall give immediate Notice to the Pavior of that Company, to w hom it shall appear that the said Pipe or Pipes do or doth belong; such Notice to be given or left with such Pavior, or at his last or usual Place of Abode; and When complete the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong is hereby required to repair the same. Nonce to be given and fill in the Ground, within two Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid; and also, within fix to Con mliUoners Hours after such Pipe shall be repaired, and the Ground filled in, to give Notice thereof to the Pavior or pa'lurs* Paviors contracting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor or other Person appointed by the Commissioners for that Purpose; which Notice may be left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode: And in cast it shall happen that the Pavior who first receives Notice to take up the Pavement, and open the Ground for the Purposes aforesaid, shall take up such Pavement and open such Ground, and it shall then prOTPf ,j,at be discovered, that the Pine or Pipes which is, are, or shall be burst or broke, doth or do not belong to the p,pc docs Company to whom he is Pavior; that then, and in such Case, the Pavior of the Company to whom such not belong to the Pipe or Pipes do or doth belong, shall make Satisfaction to the Pavior who so took up such Pavement and company who opened such Ground, for such Work: And in case the Paviot to whom such Notice shall be so given to °P*ns the

take up such Pavement, and open such Ground, shall neglect or refuse to do the same within the said two ^abl

Days after Notice given, he shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; Ucir°chaiJ« by f>r the second Offence, the Sum of forty shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the the Company to Sum of three Pounds: And in case the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes so broke or doc*

bur ft (fall belong, shall neglect or refuse to repair and amend the same, and fill in the Ground so taken up, belong, for the Spice of two Days next after such Notice given; or shall neglect to give Notice to the Pavior or Pavior^ contracting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, or to such other Persons as aforesaid; hi h Pavior shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for thr iccond Often c, th Sum of forty Shillings 3 and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds: And if the Person or Persons comiacting with the said Commissioners to relay such Pavement,

144 2 3*

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

or Clerk of their Names and Abode.

merit, so broke or taken up for the Reasons aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to relay such Pavement, in a good, sufficient, and effectual Manner, within two Days after Notice given to him as aforesaid; or if the Surveyor or other Person to whom such Notice shall be given, shall neglect to acquaint the said Pavior or Contractor of such Notice; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

Paviors to Wa*

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Persons now ter Companies to appointed Paviors to the several and respective Water Companies, who shall have any Pipe or Pipes laid in, give Notice to through, or under any of the Streets, Lanes, or Places within the D’ftrid comprised in this Act, shall, and the Surveyor, every such Person is hereby required, within eight Days after the passing of this Act, and such Pavior hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid is hereby required within the Space of three Days next after he shall be appointed Pavior to any such Company, to give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Clerk for the time seeing to the said Commissioners of their the said Paviors respective Names and Places of Abode, and to what Company they are respectively Paviors: And in case any such Paviors shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice as is above required, he shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; and also the like Sum of twenty Shillings every Time he shall remove from such Place of Abode, and omit to give the like Notice within three Days after every such Removal.

No Alterations to

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall make, or

be made in the cause to be made, any Alteration in the Form of the Pavement or Pavements of the said Streets, Lanes, or P°r? °/nthCith ^aces> w^hin the District aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, without the Consent and Direction of the said ouVcT^miflkjn- Commissioners, or any five or more of them, under their Hands and Seals, upon Pain of forfeiting, for ersConfent. every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, over and above all Expences incurred, or to be incurred, for reinstating the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to direct and cause the Course of any Gutter or Channel, running in or through the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, within the said D.’strict, or any of them, to be turned or altered in such Manner as they shall think proper; and to direct the Grates already, or hereafter to be placed, over any Sewers, to be removed and replaced in such Manner, and at such Place and Places, as they shall think most proper; so as the same be not detrimental or prejudicial to the public Sewers, and be from time to time done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, and paid for out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as there shall be

_.....f _ _ Occasion to make new or additional Grates over any Sewer or Sewers within the said District, or to repair*

Grates over them alter, cleanse, or amend any of the said Sewers, or the Grates over the same, the Clerk for the time being want clean ling, of the Commissioners of the said Sewers shall, at the Request in Writing of the Surveyor for the said Commissioners of Pavement, or other Person or Persons authorised by them for that Purpose, forthwith summon the said Commissioners of Sewers to meet, in order to take the Premises under Consideration, which they are hereby authorised and required to do, at such Meeting; and also at the same Meeting, or any adjourned or other Meeting, to exercise the several Powers and Authorities with which they are invested, in order that the said several Works may be speedily and effectually done, completed, and finished.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall pVnaltyVfla'ying throw, cast, or lay, or cause or permit or suffer to be thrown, cast, or laid, any Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Soil, Aflie«, &c. in or other Filth whatsoever, before his, her, or their Dwelling-house, Shop, Stable, Wall, or other Building in the said District, or in any of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, or Places within the Distriift compiled in this Act; but shall keep, or cause the same to be kept, in their respective Houses or Yards, until such Time as the Person or Persons contracting with or employed to carry away such Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Filth, or Soil, do come by or near their Houses, Doors, or Places where they dwell, with a Cart or Caits, or other Conveniences, for carrying away the same; upon Pain of forfeiting, for the first Offence, the Sum of five Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings: and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Monday next after the passing of this Act, if any Timber, Stone, or other Materials, Goods, Merchan-dile, or other Filings whatsoever, are set out, placed, or laid in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, Places, or District aforesaid, so as to obstruct the free Passage thereof; or if any Coach or other Carriage (except Hackney Coaches, which shall and may stand in such Part or Parts of the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, or tome of them only, as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them) shall be placed or fufftred to stand, remain, or continue in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Passages aforesaid, so as to obstrutft, endanger, or incommode, any Person or Persons, Carriage or Carriages whatsoever; or in case any Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriages, shall be placed or suffered to stand any longer than is needful and necelLry for loading or unloading thereof respectively; or if any such Cart, Dray, Waggon, or other Carnage, shall be placed or set across any Part of the said Streets or Places within the said Difirifl, or any of them, for any Purpose whatsoever; it shall and may be lawful, in any of the raid cases, for any one of the said Comn.dinners* or any one of their Officers, or Person to be appointed by them, or any of them, to remove Nufiances, to seize, or cause to be seized the said Cart, Waggon, Dray, Coach, or other Carnage, so placed or sum*red to stand contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, together with the Horse or Hoifes thereunto belonging, 01 the Goods, Materials, Matters, and Things respectively, making or occasioning such Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruction, and remove the same,

Course of Gut' ters to be turned if necessary, and Grates altered, Sec,

That when sny Sewers, or the

repairing, or altering, the Clerk to the Paving Commissioners shall give Notice to the Commissioners of Sev» cr*.

the Streets.

Penalty on ©b-flrueding the Stree's, Arc. by Carriage, Timber, or other Materials,

A.D. 177r. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 2$: 145

fc.me, or cause the same to be removed, taken, carried away, and deposited in such Place or Places as the said Commissioners, nr any fi/e or more of them, shall direct or appoint; there to remain until the Offender or Offenders shall have paid and discharged all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the carrying away and depositing the same as aforesaid, as also a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for each such Offence: And in cale the lame shall no*" be claimed, and the said Sum of twenty Shillings and Charges paid within three Days next after such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or the Person or Persons to be by them appointed for that Purpose, to cause the same to be appraileJ and fold, and the Monies arising therefrom shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall run, drive, ^whrd" or draw, or cause to be run, driven, or drawn, on any Part of the Eoot-pavements of the said Streets, Lanes, J^rows* rr Places, or either of them, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wired-barrow, or any Carriage or other Foot Pave-Thing whatsoever; such Person or Persons shall forfeit, for the full Offence, the Sum of five Shillings; ments, for (be ftcond Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings: And it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to take the Person or Persons lo offending into Culiody, and take him or them to a Justice or Justices of the County or Place where iu:h Offence shall he committed, to be dealt with as herein after is directed.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That k shall and rpay Hoard?, &c.mij be lawful for any Person or Persons to creel or set up, or cause to be erected or let up, in any of the said buiin.n' re-Streets, Lines, or Places comprised within the District aforesaid, any Inclosure, Polls, Bais, or Rails,

or other Matters or Things, for the Purpose of making Mortar, and d.’pofning Pricks, Lime, or other Mi- Leaved terials for building or repairing any Houses, Buildings, or other Works; evciy such Person or Persons firit obtaining Leave, under the Hand of the Surveyor or Clerk for the time being to the said Commissioners for these Purposes rclocdtively, which he is hereby impowered to give by their Permission: But il any Person or Persons shall erect or set up, or cause to be erected and let up, any such Inclosuro, Potts, ICrs, r.r Rails, or any other Matter or Thing for the Purposes aforesaid, without such Leave luit had and obtained; every fu< h Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for every D.»y such Inclosure, Matter, or Thing as aforesaid, shall remain and continue.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons Faot-piremenfs

inhabiting within the said Difliict shall, from and after the said second Jllonday next alter the passing of Y ‘r*

th.s Act, sweep and clean, or cause to be swept and cleansed, the Foot-paths of their respective Houses,

Building®, and \V. 11$, once in every Day, between the Hours of fix and nine in the Forenoon (Sutuhys exceprcJ) upon Pain of forfeiting two Shillings and Sixpence for every Neglect therein.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five to

or more of them, mav order and direct the Houses within the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, or any ofs them, to be numbered with Figure?, placed or painted on the Doors thereof, or on such other Part of the $-nur* laid rh uf ® respectively as they tSc laid Commissioners, or any lue or more cl them, shall think psop-.r; *<. fn e and may a lib order and direct to be engraved, painted, or otherwise defenbed, on a conspicuous Ikut of o<» the Corner f jrr.e House or oih T Building at or near the End or Corner of each Street, L ine, Court, YCrd, Alley, H uics. Paiidge, or Place adjoining to, or being near the said Streets, Lanes, or Places hen by authorised to be paved respectively, the Names by whit h such respective Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Railages, or Places so adjoining is usually ot properly cal cd or known: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or rrul c’ously deiiroy, injure, obliterate, or delace any such Number, Figure, Name, or D.scription, or mv Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, and Hull be convicted thereof by his or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or mere Jullicj cr Ju It ices of the Peace acting in or for the County or Place where such Offence Hull be committed; c\ ~rv such Person so offending shall, f >r every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum or hve Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and aider the iaiJ fccord shnr, to be JII.kJu) next after the pufling of this Act, die IaiJ Commihhoners, or any five or m )re of them, fluil or

rruv cauie all Signs which then, or at any Time after, shall he placed or hung in any Part of the ft:d S;re«f$, Lane:-, or Places within the District aforesaid, to be fix^u or placed on the Fiunts of such IP>u! *s ref) clivciy wncrcto the same shall belong; and also Hull and may caulc all Sign-irons, Sign-poll;, boards Spout®, (hitters, Ik nt-hotifes, )k»lts, Rails, or other rung: ecc.uioning a. 1. y Obit; notion or An-rrv.;ncc in the said Streets Lane®, and Places, to be removed or altered in such Manner at rkc I id Coni'! ...>>rers, or any five or more of them, Hull think moil pro: cr «nd convenient: And tlut dr the futmc a 1 > Boards, spouts, or Gurn1 s, shall be placed or lixed on the I ionts of the Housebiu p>, Ware-or Buddings whereunto they re Ipcctively belong, and not other v/ifc’ And if any Berlin or Per-l< m llirtiI at am I me hereafter hany, pi ice, ertd, or build, any Sign, b;gn-p'M or Ion, B ,.ml, Spour, or (1 1 t r, or ' iuie the I me to be d.uu, in am* omer A*.a: tvr then as a: irclaid; cr liu.i pki:r PdC or K A, or in ary oth.r Manner occ.hon any hu io^k hinent, Naiuncc, or Annoumcc to be inn L* in tnc Bid Mre^ts, Fjiics, or 1V.lc$, or am of them, compr.icd within die Ddhict abTtfui h or pern.it or futr. r r.ny N.ulance to remain or continue therein; every such Person tiull, for evciy iueh CiKnec, forfeit aril piv ihr <.f live Pounds.

XX. \ 1 i i. Proudc.l always and be it further ended by the Auth ;i:y aforeLiJ, That if any, or any s’'n

Jk.it'f any f/ h Sign, Sign-ir«»u, or P* ft, Board, (iuttT, Sgot^, Pentium v*, or other i\oje;tiunor In r

croj'hment Hi 11 n mam nuuLd at.er the Ahcrj'iun m 1 e ihrret'i .:s ic.ur. d rented, the Line lluui be r-t ,rr»ed to, and be the Property cd the Pen n 10 whoai the lame belo- ^ed b .0 e such Removal or All:i-

146 C. 23.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Steps, See, projecting too far, to be removed.

Rates not to exceed is. 6 d. in the Pound*

XXXIV. And whereas the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Places within the District aforesaid* arc,

in some Parts thereof, greatly obstructed, and made dangerous to Foot-passengers, by Steps being brought out or projecting from the Houses, and by Steps and Doors going down into Cellars, Vaults,

1 and other Places, and by Shew-glasses, Shew-boards. and other Matters or Things projecting from Shops or Houses, over and beyond the Area belonging to such Houses, or into the Footways;’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Monday next after the passing of this Act, all such Steps projecting into the Footways of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Places, and all Steps and Doors going down out of the Footways into any Cellars, Vaults, or other Places belonging to any House, Shop, Warehouse, or Tenement, as likewise all Shew-glafies or Shew-boards projecting over and beyond the Area, or into the Footways, and all and every other Material, Matter, or Thing, belonging to any House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, or other Building, which do or shall cause or occasion any Nuisance, Annoyance, Incroachment, or Obstruction in the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, or any of them, within the District aforesaid, (either in the boot or Carriage Way thereof) shall and may be, at the Expence of the said Commissioners, from time to time, removed, fixed, placed, or altered, in such Manner and Form as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or their Surveyor by their Direction, save and except the Right which any Proprietor or Owner has or may have in or to any Bar or Bars placed across any of the said Streets.

XXXV. And, for defraying the Charges and Expences of paving and repairing the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, which the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered to pave, and for removing Annoyances and Incroachments therein, and for other the Purposes of this Act,’ Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so soon as any of the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, shall be new-paved by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, one or more Rate ort Rates, Assessment or Assessment, shall, twice in every Year, or oftener, if it shall be thought needful by the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, be made, laid, and afiefled by the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, of and upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Wharf, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, within the said last mentioned Streets, Lanes, and Places respectively, and in such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall yearly and every Year order and di-rest; so as such Rates or Assessment do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence in rtie Pound, in any one Year, of the yearly Rent or yearly Value of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warc-houses. Wharfs, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements within the said several Streets, Lanes, and Places *roo^atl^not authorised as aforesaid, to be paved throughout, and so as such Rates or Assessments do not exceed Sixpence to1 exceed 6 d"ln in the Pound in any one Y'earr, of the yearly Value of such Tenements as are situate in any of the said Streets*

the pound. Lancs, Courts, Alleys, or other Passages, the Foot-paths whereof shall be new paved.

Ko Person to be 4

XXXVI. And whereas it may happen that the same Person or Persons may hold or occupy a Dwell ling-house, Warehouse, Shop, or other Premises situate in some or one of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, and may also hold and occupy Warehouses or

other Premises situate and lying behind the first-mentioned House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Premises, and in Places which are not liable to be afiefled by virtue of this Act Be it further enacted, That no Person shall be subject or liable to be rated or afiefled for any such Warehouses or other Premises, unless the same shall be situate in some Street, Square, Lane, or other public Passage, to be paved by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one-third Part of the said respeo allow one-third tIve Kates is hereby required to be allowed by the Landlord or Landlords of any Houses, Shops, Pautof the Rates Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Buildings and Tenements situate in the said Streets and Places to be rated as Rent, the as aforesaid, to the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, who shall pay the same; and such other two-thirds paymefjts shall be adjudged and considered in Law as Money actually paid for Rent due, or to become

o:nc due to such Landlord or Landlords of the same Estates respectively; and the other two third Parts thereof

shall be borne and fuRained by the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of such Estate or Estates.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Rates made by virtue of this Act, shall be allowed and signed by two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County or Pbce; who are also hereby impowered and required to grant a Warrant or Warrants for collecting thereof, 2$ also for levying the same by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall nominate or appoint; and which Warrants shall be fufilcient Authorities to the respective Persons thereby authorised for the Purposes therein mentioned; and the said Rates, after the same shall be so allowed and signed by the said Justices, shall be collected Half-yearly, or oftener, if the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall think it necessary, by the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid for that Purpose: And if any Person or Persons shall refule, neglect, or omit to pay the Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they shall be rated or afie fled at by virtue of this Act, for the Space of ten Days after personal Demand thereof, or Demand in Writing left at the Place of Abode or Occupation of such Person or Persons; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Person or Persons who shall be required by such Warrant as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fur, U Person or Persons so neglecting, refusing, or omitting to pay the same: And in case no such Goods or Chattels can be found, to be so distrained, or in case such Goods and Chattels shall be locked up or secured, or removed from the Person or Persons authorised to distrain as aforesaid; so that he or they cannot distrain the same; then, and in either of the said cases, upon Information thereof given to the said Justices, or any two Justices of the Peace for the said

rated for any Building behind his Dwelling-house, or in his Occupation, unit1 s inch be finale in some I‘1jcc sole paved.

Landlords to

U> he

the Tenants.

Rate3 to be signed by two Ju* fliccs, who are to grant Warrants to collect and levy the same.

by Distrdfs and Sale,

*47

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 23.

said County or Place where the Person or Persons so rated and assessed as aforesaid shall then reside, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required to commit the Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place where such Offences shall be committed; there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding the Space of six Months, or until the Payment of such Rate or AliliTment, and reasonable Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof.

XXXIX. And whereas many Houses within the said Streets, Lanes, and Places hereby authorised to where Houset c be paved, are or may, by the several Own or Proprietors thereof, be let out in Lodgings or Tenements to divers Tenants, whereby it will be difficult to rate and assess such Houses, or to recover such

Rates and Assessments when made :9 For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority afore- be aHeiled, said. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, but Tenant* u from time to time, and at all times when they meet, to make a Rate in pursuance of this Act, to rate and PaX»

assess the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Tenements as shall be Jet to or occupied by two or more Tenants; which Rate and Assessment shall be paid by one or more of the Tenants or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses: And in case any Occupier or Occupiers of any Part of such Houses or Tenements shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, for the like Space of ten Days after such Demand as aforesaid, the said Rate and Assessmynt shall, in like Manner, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of him, her, or them, so refilling to pay the same as aforesaid; and such Occupier or Occupiers of such Tenements respectively is and are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sum and Sums of Money n* shall be so rated or assessed on the Owner or Owners of such Houses, in pursuance of this Act, and to deduct the same out of the Rent thereof; and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, who may defett are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of their it.

Rent1^: And every such Tenant paying such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be acquitted and diltharged for so much Money as the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall amount unto, as if the lame had been actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rent should have been, or shall be due and payable.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Rates fer House* lawful for the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, from time to time, to compound Ann^LiTbe the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any such House, or any other Houses within the fai 1 Streets Lanes, and Places to be rated as aforesaid, the Annual rent or Value whereof shall be under ten Pounds, for the Rate by this Act authorised to be laid upon such Houses; so as, in such Composition, there he not remitted to any such Ow^r or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, more than one-third of tiu Rate by this Act laid upon such Houses respectively.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall happen, that any of where Houses the La« Js, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, or any Part or Parts there- shall be uaoc-of, wi’hin the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, to be rated as aforesaid, or any or either of them, shall, at cupied, any Time from and after the making of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, be empty, un-tenantf d or unoccupied; that then, and in every such Case, one-third of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment Owners to be or Assessments, or one-third of such other Rates as may be assessed by virtue of this Act, shall be paid by char^d °nh the Owners or Proprietors of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenenements: And in case of Non-payment thereof, such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, and the Premifa or oth-r Tenements, shall be, and the same are hereby made a Security for, and chargeable with such remain a bccu-Arrears; or any Action or Actions may be commenced and prosecuted against the Landlord or Landlords, Jlly-or Owner or Owners thereof, for the Recovery thereof, with Coils of £uit, in the Name of such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall order or direct.

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, Chl!rchif or any nine or more of them, and they are hereby required, at such Times as the Rates hereby directed chu^h-yard*, shall be made, to rate and assess, for the Purposes aforesaid, all Churches, Church-yards, Meeting houics, M^in^-houses, and other Places of public Worship, or intended for that Purpose, with the Ground belonging thereunto,

Hospital, Prisons, and all other public Buildings whatsoever, and all dead Walls, void Spaces of Ground rAted* fenced in, or otherwise situate and being in or adjoining to the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places, to berated as aforesaid, at such Rate as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; but not exceeding Sixpence for every Square Yard belonging to every such Church, Churchyard, Meeting-house, and other Place of public Worship, with the Ground thereunto belonging, Prisons, and rth'T public Building*, dead Wall, and void Space of Ground: And such Rate or Rates, Assessment or AIT Aments, so to be Irom time to time made, shall be paid by the respective Persons following; that is to lay, T’T every Church and Church-yard, by the Churchwardens thereof; lor every dead Wall, or vacant Pie^e of Ground, by the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof; for every Meet-irg-h'iule and other Place of public Worship, with the Ground thereunto belonging, by the Proprietor or Proprietor4, Trustee or Trustees, or their Treasurer, Minister, or Deacon, or other Person officiating th*:*cin; and for every Hospital, Prison, or other public Building, by the Person or Persons who are row liable to pay for paving or keeping in Repair the Pavement in the Front thereof: An ? in case any cA rlv Rerf*m aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay the said lull-mentioned Rates to the said Collector ( C 1 :iors, upon perforial Demand thereof made, or in Writing, left at the usual Place of Abode of t - n or Persons required to pay the same; then, and in every such Case, the same shall and may

\ rec or H of he Person or Persons so required to pay the same, by any Action in any of his Majesty's f irn r: R-. n-d ar IFi/bnhi/hr^ or other inferior Courts, together with Costs of Suit, to be commenced o; oi ecu ted tn uic Name or Names of the Collector or Collectors who shall have so demanded the fane;

U 2 m

14$ C. 23.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

tire Kates,

in which Action or Suit, no Essoin, Protcdion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Vacant Ground

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Landlords, Owners, Tenants or to be fenced in Occupiers, of any wajte or vacant Piece of Ground, or Scile of any Hotife or Tenement, lying in or ad-afthe Q<pence joining to any of the Streets, Lanes, or Places comprised in this Act, which shall lie open and unfenced © c whers. jrom tj,e fanu.? or where the Fence shall be in a ruinous Condition, or out of Repair, shall, within six Days after Notice delivered to him, her, or them, or any or either of them, by Order of the said CommifiLners, or any five or more of them, well and sufficiently fence in the Premises mentioned in such Notice, or cause the old Fence (if any) to be well and sufficiently rcpaiied within the Time aforesaid: And in case such Works shall not be completely finished within the Time aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the fail! Conmillioneis, or any live or mute of them, to order and cause the same to be done, completed, and finished; and the T enant or Occupier thereof, or other Person in Possession thereof, or felled thereof, to whom such Notice as aforesaid shall have been given, shall pay the Expence thereof upon Demand of the Person authorised by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to receive the lame: And in ede of Refusal or Ncgkcl to pay the lame, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall authorise, appoint, order, or direct, for that Purpose, to bring, commence, and prosecute one or more Actions or Suits for the Recovery of such Expence, together with Coils of Suit, from the Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting to pay aforesaid.

Tenants

XLIV. And, to the End the said Rates may be more effectually collcded and received/ Be it further

Occup’trs to payenacted, That dl and every Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupicis, of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouse.', W'naifs, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, are and shall be liable to pay ail and every the Rates and Aildlments that shall have been rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of the Tenement or Tenements by him, her, or them respectively occupied, and all Arrears thereof accruing and becoming due while the said Tenements were empty and unoccupied, when no Composition shall have L cn made as aforesaid, to the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and shall he subject to such Distress and Imp. ifonment as aforesaid, in case of Non-payment thereof as aforesaid: And in case of such Payment, such Tenant or Tenants, and Occupier or Occupiers, shall be at Liberty, and is and are hereby authorised to dedud and detain, out of his, her, and their Rent, such Proportion of f.ch Rates, as he, she, or they shall respectively pay for or on account of the several Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Landlord or Landlords of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or Persons, who hath or have been rated and a fie fled by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Wharf, Shop, Vault, Cellar, or Tenement, whereupon such Rate or Assessment has been made, before he, she, or they shall have paid the lame, and shall act.rwarus refuse to pay the same when due, and demanded as aforesaid, by the Person or Persons authorised and appointed to collect and receive the same; that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commissioneis, or any five or more of them, and every or any of them, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County or Place (which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to grant) into any Place within their respective Jurisdictions, or out of the Limits thereof, such Warrant being fiiit backed or countersigned determined by some Magistrate in the County, City, or Liberty, where the Di-firefs is to be m:^e; to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, and the same to fell, rendering the Cve plus, (if any such shall be) after deduding the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels demanding the same.

XLVI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, with two or more Justices of the Peace of the County or Place aforesaid, and they aie hereby impowered, upon the Complaint of any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any Rate jemit Races. or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made by virtue of this Act, and also to remit or excuse the Payment thereof ^y any Person or Persons, hereby made subject to the Payment thereof, for or on account of the Poverty or Indigence of such Person or Persons, or Inability to pay: And the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint or order the Time and Place of hearing such Complaints; and any two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place aforesaid, are hereby required to attend on the Bu-finess aforesaid, on being rcauefted thereunto determined by Writing, under the Hands of any five or more of the said Commissioners, who shall also cause Notice thereof to be left in Writing with, or at the Place of Abode of, the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay such Rates after Demand made as aforesaid, which Notice shall be sufficient.

Person* paying

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons paying the Rates and Assess-

fll\Rdatf ’ ,eXqt ments by this Act laid, within the Streets, Lanes, and Places to be paved as aforesaid, shall be, and they onic^Exience* an^ ev^ry of them is and are hereby exempted and discharged from all other Charges and Expences of of Paving. paving the same Streets, Lanes, and Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, and also from all Penalties which may or mi^ht be incurred by reason or means of their neglecting to pave the same respectively; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any Collector of the said Rates or Assessments shall become insolvent, or shall imbezzle or make away with, detain or misapply, any Sum or Sums of Money so collcded by him for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall die possessed of any Sum or Sums of Money by him or them collected by virtue of this Act, or so as the same cannot be obtained by the Time the said Commissioners

Occupiers quitting without pav.nf Rates, i>iuj be followed.

Commissioners v.ith two fuf-

Th case of Col-

leflcm becon.in^ insolvcn^ the Woney to be again allelled.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C.

149

Oimmiffi »ners (hd! fl.ir.J in N*cd (hereof for the Purposes for which the Lmc war. coltecteJ; then. :md in every such Laic, such Sum and Sum? of Money shall be again rated and aficfleJ hv the said Commissioner', or any nine or more of them, in the Streets, Lane?, and places, for which Inch Person shall have Ikc;i appointed Code\it< r, in such Proportion a ml Manner us the Rates ate directed to be made by this Act ;: nd Dull fu ColIuLd, !ev\d, and dittr.lined in such Marnier, ard u:i<J^r such Penalties, as are nercin provided t*.r and !e. > ing the Rates due and payable by this Act.

X L! \\ Punided always and be it enacted, Thai pone of the Commissioners hciein named, or who t\f.

Duli be hereafter chosen by virtue of this Act, shall act as a Commissioner, during such Time as he or q*»*;KcJ >> m

they shall execute the Unice ot Collector or Collectors of the Ra.es to be raised anu levied pursuant to this ? a> On.

mil:,oners.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Part or Parts of the Pavements Pavcm-nts li>

of the said Streets, Lane?, Alley*, nr other Places within the Distrtet aforesaid, hath or have been ac- b:e :o i»e rrMyr-

customc i, or ought to be p ued and repaired by any particuLr P.uifh or Parishes, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and not by the Owner or Owners of the Houses or other Buildings adjoining to the Pavenunt ot ^-paired at their the f..:d Street*, Lnnes, Alleys, and Place respectively, the Lme shall be paved and repaired at the Expence E^cuchytht c>f the respective Larish or Parishes, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by the Pavior or Paviors contracting Comr. irmus with or employed by the f*iJ Commissioners. *Jjvl<rs*

LL. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any five or more Commissioners of them, front time to time, to compound and agree for the same with any such Parish or Pat idles, or Bo- m-y compound,

dies Politic or Corporate, for a certain Sum ot Money determined by the boot or other Measure, as the said Com-

mhlioners, or any fi/c or more of them, shall think rc tlonable.

LII. And, for the more effectually enabling the said Commissioners to execute the Purposes of this Act N.^t exce«rJin*

in the moil expeditious Manner/ It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the 60001. mj» he

fa: j Commissioners, or any nine or more of then, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time,

when they shall judge it necessary for the Purpo aforesaid, to borrow and take up at Intcred any Sum or ° iC

Sums of Monty, not exceeding lire thou land Pounds, upon the Credit of the Rates or Aikiiments to be

made by virtue of this Act, and by any Writing or Writings, upon Vellum or Parchment, tigned by the

laid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to assign the said Rates and Assessments, or a competent

Part thereof, to any such Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money thereon, as a Security or

Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with legal or lower interest for the lame; which Interest shall be payable an 1 paid by the said Commissioners, out of the Monies to arise by or from the Rates or Ailcll-

nun*.s to be made by virtue of this Act.

LIII. And whereas many Person? may chuse to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities, to be which Srm nny fee ured upon and payable ou: of the said Kates and Aftellments / Be it therefore further enacted, That bc adv»nc-a n» i: Hull and may b.* 1 wful to in 1 :*or any Person or Persons, to contribute, advance, and pay into the H inds the C o our.* iT; oner the fa* i C or any nine or more or them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to ol Annuiiiei/

receive the same, for the Lies and PurpoLs o» this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the

Whale the Sum of six thousand Pounds, fur the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to Pc paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of every such Contributor or Contributors reflectively, or the natural Life of such otlvr Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such Contributor or Contributors respectively, at the Time of Payment of his, her, or their respective Contribution-money, io as the Lid Annuity or Annuities do not exceed the Rate of nine Pounds oy the Hundred by the Year and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, to be paid as aforesaid; and so as the said Annuities, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, do not, at any Time, exceed in the Whole the Sum of one thousand Pounds.

LIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That, the better to enab’c the said Commis- Annuitant Turners to raise Money to pay the Money borrowed on the said Rates, and until the said Sum of fix thou- l\*rfons (and Pound?, first mentioned to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, shall be fully paid and satisfied, that fM,rc,u.;c when and a* often as any such Annuitant or Annuitants shall die, it shall and may be lawful for any Per- Conmiju/ZcrT fons to purchase of the said Commissioners one or more Annuity or Annuities, in the Room of such Annu- nor exec?d:n* itant or Annuitants lo dying, upon the Life of such Person or Persons, upon such Terms and Conditions, xcoqI, and payable in such Manner, as above mentioned, so that the Sum or Sums to be contributed for the Puchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted by virtue of this Act, shall, at no one Time, exceed the Lid Sum or one thru and Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuity or Annuities, so to be purchased under Annultl?* and by virtue of this Act, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from time cl‘ J "P^n to time out of, the Monies arising by the Rates and AlUllments as aforesaid; and all and every the Contri- the 1Ule5> butor or Contributors upon the Credit of this Act, duiy paying the Contribution or Purclufe-money for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this Act, to have, receive, and cojoy, the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, out of the said Rates or Assessments by this Act appointed for the Payment thereof as aforesaid, during the T erm of the natural Life of the Person to be nonunatcJ by each such Purchaser or Contributor as before mentioned; and that all and every such Pur- and deemed chafer and Purchasers, and their Executors, Adminifbators, or Assigns, shall have good, sure, alrolme, ,n " ‘!,jlc and indetcafible Estates and Intercll in the Annuity or Annuities so by him, her, or them reflectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said An- nn charge »ul€ r.uities shall be subject or liable to the 'Lax charged or to be charged upon Land by Authority of Par- he Lani Lament^ and that every Contributor upon this Act iur me Purchase of any ludi Annuity or Annuities as i,u*

aloitlaiJ,

150 C. 23. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Receipts and aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase- money, shall have Orders for Pay- a Receipt or Receipts for the same, and also an Order on Parchment (which may be made without any ed^and^venYo Stamps) for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities for and during the natural Life of the Person who the Contribu- shall be so nominated as aforesaid, by half-yearly Payments; which Order shall be signed by the said Corn-tors. missioners, or any five or more of them; and after signing thereof, the same shall be firm, valid, and of

good Effect in the Law, according to the true Purport and Meaning of this Avft.

Annuities may

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Purchaser or Purchasers be aligned, of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to assign such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so toties quoties, and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Ordcis and Assignments shall be made, in the Book to be kept as hereafter mentioned, at the Charge of the said Commissioners for which Entry or Memorandum two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid; and no such Alignment shall be deemed valid, unless such Memorandum or Entry shall be first made as aforesaid.

Houses, &c. to

LVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Houses and Buiiumgs hereafter to be arly^whcnn^w kuilt or new’^ronte<^> or any Part thereof, within the District aforesaid, shall, for the effectual and absolute built*'or newtT Prevention of all Manner of Projections, Annoyances, and Inconveniencies thereby, rife perpendicularly fronted, from the Foundation: And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, presume to

build or new-front any House or other Building, or any Part thereof, within the Distritl aforesaid, or cause the same to be done, or rife otherwise than perpendicularly from such Foundation, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be pulled down and removed by any Person, Workmen, or Persons they shall think fit; the Costs $md Charges whereof shall be paid and reimbursed to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or their Order, by the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Buildings, or other Person or Persons ordering or directing the same: And in case of such Refusal or Neglect in paying or reimbursing the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, it shall and may be lawful for any five or more of them to cause an Action to be brought in the Name of any of their Officers, for the Recovery thereof, with Costs of Suit.

As \nnuitantt

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That as such Annuitant or Annuitants shall dieoff, and die, the Rates to such Rates or Assessments can be lowered and reduced, the same shall be so done, in equal Proportions, from

be lowered. time to time.

Monies raised

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies raised or collected, by virtue, verted in the or by Means, or under the Authority of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissionert. Commissioners; and all Monies raised or collected by virtue of this Act shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Expence of

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and the Act to be Expences of procuring and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the first Monies which shall be raised by first paid. virtue of this Act.

Out-Street* may

LXI. And be it further enacted iby the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter four-fifths be paved by the or more in Number and Value of the Householders, and also four-fifths or more in Number and Value of w^ftion'of l^e Landlords or Owners of Houses and Tenements, within any the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, four"fifths of the Paiges, or Places, opening immediately into the said Streets, Lanes, and Places herein before men* Tenants or tioned and authorised to be paved, shall, at any Time hereafter, apply by Petition under their Hands to Landlord*. the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, expressing their Desire to have the same paved, and cleared of Incroachments, Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances; that then it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, to cause the same to be done; and they are hereby impowered to rate and assess the Inhabitants of such Street, Lane, Passage, Alley, Court, or Place, for the Purposes aforesaid (so as such Assessment does not exceed one Shilling and Sixpence in the m*y he. Pound for the Foot and Carriage-way, and Sixpence in the Pound for the Foot-way only; and to raiie t^for Lives"01" Mon‘es upon Annuities for Lives, or otherwise, upon the Credit of such Rates or Assessments, for defray-Such Street then Expences of the said Works, or any Matter or Thin': relating thereunto; and the Pavement of

may be compre- the said Street, Lane, or other Place comprehended in such Petition, (ha)J, after an Order made by the hended in this said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, for the Purposes aforesaid, be from thencetonh vested - in the said Commissioners appointed by this Act; and such Street or Place shall remain under the same Government, Direction, and Management of them and their Officers, or other Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, as the said several Streets, Lanes, and Places, first authorised to be paved; and the said Commissioners, Officers, Servants, Workmen, and other Persons ailing under them, shall have the same Power and Authority, in, over, and through such Street or Place petitioned for as aforesaid, and the several Inhabitants, Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof. Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Officers, Servants, and Workmen, and all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever, interested or intitled to any Privilege therein, and every Matter and Thing relating to the Premises, as the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, and their Officers, Servants, and Workmen acting under them, are invested with by this Act, for the better Management, ordering, regulating, and rendering more commodious the several Streets, Lanes, and Places hereby first authorised to be paved; and every Clause, Matter, and Thing contained in this Act, shall be construed, adjudged, deemed, and taken to extend to every such Street, Lane, and Place, petitioned for as aforesaid, as also to the several Inhabitants, Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof, Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Officers, Servants, and Workmen, and all and every other Person or Persons interested

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 23.

*5*

or intitled to any Privilege therein, and every Matter or Thing relating to or in anywise concerning the Premises, in like Manner as the same Clauses extend, or shall be adjudged or cnnltrued to extend, in similar Cjfes, to the several Streets, Lanes, and Places first authorised to be paved, and the several Inhabitants, Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof. Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever interested or intitled to any Privilege therein* or to any Matter or Thing relating to the Premises; and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, thalJ be inflicted, and for the like causes, as are herein expressed; and shall be 1‘ued for, recovered, levied, and executed in the same Manner.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Accounts of the Receipts and Dffburiements arising upon the Works to be done for the Street or Place comprised in such Petition, and all other Business and Transactions relating thereto, shall be kept separate and di-flin£t from the Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements arising in consequence of the Works to be done in the several Streets, Lanes, and Places herein before first authorised to be paved, and other Bu-finess and Transactions relating thereto 5 but that such Accounts, as also the Accounts of the Business arising in consequence of any subsequent Petition, shall be kept separate and distinct from each other, and in nowile interfere one with the other; and the Monies, Cash, or Fund of each Account, shall be applied to the Uses only for which such Account is kept, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against whom any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, for any Penalties contained in this Act, or in any Contract or Contracts hereafter to be entered into, on account of any Breach or Non-performance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Suin or Sums of Money as they, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and also to mitigate, compound, or lessen any other the Forfeitures incurred under this Act; (o as the Sums so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of any Clause comprised in this Act, or of such Contract or Contracts, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby; and so as the Mitigation of the Forfeitures as aforesaid, do not extend to remit above one Moiety of the said Forfeitures respectively.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or for any of the Justices foe the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London^ although such Justices shall be Commissioners fur the Purposes of this Act, to hear and determine any of the Offences arising within their respective Jurisdictions, which are made subject to and punishable by, any pecuniary Penalty directed to be levied by virtue of this Act.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall think himself or herfelt* aggrieved by any tiling done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place whctcin the Cause of Complaint shall ar.fe, and with n three Calendar Months alter the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, twenty-one Days Notice, at the least, in Wilting, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and within two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or P«acc, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions: And the said Justices, at such oession, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a luminary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be finally binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by L) ft refs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace acting in and for the said County or Places, and within his proper Jurisdiction; which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Paities u'hose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, (the Charges o( such Distress and Sale being first deducted) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the time being, and be appfieJ toward* the Purposes of this Act: And in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for huh Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the C< mmon Gaol or Jioufe of Correction of such County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, be sooner fully paid and fatMkd.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, if they shall ftc Cause, to pay and apply such Parc of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as they

Cull

Accounts of such Pavement, with the Blarin'. is relating the re o, to be kept ieparaic.

Penalties rr*a/ be miti^aUiK

Commissioners who are Tu 4ut| for Mii-f-i c, and the L-terty of the Tov "r W.thour, nuy

a a.

Persons injured may appeal to the Quarter Stk /ions.

Pera!fi*i an! Forfcltuics hen# to be recovered and

C-'rsrr hToner#

n n r-4l.ird

152

Julias may ?d-miniiicr Oaths.

flunks to be kept

for entering Comrr n.0i:cis K.ui.cs, fa',

v bu h rrav be

iji j. t£ted £m:s.

D’. Orffs not to Ve deemed unlawful for want of I orm, nor the Party be deemed a Trcfp after ab

iri:! o.

Plaintiff" not to reeo\ er if Tender of Amends j ath Uen made.

Wirings to be unbuilt Stamp?.

Proceedings to be en cicd in a Book.

proceedings not to be quaf}j<.d lor v ant ot Form, or removable by Ceitiorari.

Limitation of Atlions.

Cencral Issue,

C. 23. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A. 0.1771.

£ <fi! think proper, not exceeding one Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer

or It formers, or any of them; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7 hat in nil Cases where Cognizance is given to any Justice or Justices of the Peace determined by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an "Oath to any Person for his, her, or their more certain Information in the Matter then depending.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books shall be prepared and kept by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, wherein shall be fairly entered, from time to time, the Names of such Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall nominate and appoint to put in Execution the Purposes of this Act; and Copies of all Orders and Proceedings relating the icto; and also an Account of what Monies have been ail'clled, raised, levied, and paid by virtue of this Act, at.d how the same shall have applied j and the Names of the Annuitant or Annuitants, and what Sum or Sums he, she, or they paid for such Annuity or Annuities respectively, and whet he, she, or they is or are to receive for the same; which Bock or Books the said Annuitants, or any of them, and all Persons contributing to the said Rates or Assessments, may, at all convenient Times, peruse and insped without Fee or Reward.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties didraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespass'ers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be hereafter done by the Party or Parties diffraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregula-ii:y* may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cate.

LXXI. Provided always, That no PJaintift’or Plaintiffs shall recover in nnyAdion for 2ny such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by, or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties v. ho shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such 7 ender shall have been made, it shall aVu! may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action flu; 11 depend, at any Time before Blue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they fl 1 all fee lit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Ordcis, and Judgements, shall be had, made, and given in and by tuch Court, as in other Actions, where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

EXXIE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Contract, Bond, Warrant, Judgement, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any other Person or Persons whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, at their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings, so entered, shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks at any Meeting of any five or more of the said Commissioners assembled, as the Case shall require; and such Orders shall be deemed and taken to be Original Orders; which laid Book or Bocks shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted, in or relating to the Execution of this Art, dial] be vacated or quashed for want of Form, or he removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Map fly’s Courts of Record at Wejhnin/lcr; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thnt no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any 7 hing done in pursuanc e of this Art, until twenty Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months next after the Fart is committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County or Place where such Matters and Tnirgs respectively shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Iiilie, and give this Art and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or 7>ials which shall be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pu:-ftiance and by the Authority of this Art; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County cr PI ace than as aforesaid; then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein: And if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff’ or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or fuss'er a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein 5 then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 24. .153

fend ants shall have Treble Costs; and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, a3 any Defendant Treble Cost*.

or Defendants may have for h s, her, or their Costs, in any other Cases by Law.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in Public A a. all Courts of Justice as a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches, and applying the Monies arising thereby.

AI ft Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is found convenient that a greater Number of Hackney Coaches than are allowed

\V by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in-A09Annar.

tituled, An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; and for charging certain new Duties on Si amp t I'ellum, Parchment, and Paper; and on Cards and Dice; and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland; and for securing thereby and by a weekly Payment out of the Post Office, and by several Duties on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of one hundred eighty six thousanafix hundred and seventy Pounds, for thirty two tears, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum not exceeding two Millions, to be raif dfor carrying on the War, and other her Majestys Occasions; should be licensed to be employed within the Cities of London and Westminster, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality May it-therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo-

the Hands and Seals of the major Part of them, over and above the Number of eight hundred Hackney ber of Hackney" Coaches, authorised to be licensed by the said Act, to license, in like Manner, at any Time or Times, Coaches, from and after the passing of this Act, any additional Number of Hackney Coaches, not exceeding twoe, cccd,rK*0-»f* hundred, to be employed for Hire within the Cities and Limits aforesaid, so that the Number of alT the

laid Hackney Coaches licensed, or to be licensed, by virtue of the said former and this present Act* <shall ciiLrano'Vi.6 not at any one Time exceed one thousand; and that, upon every one of the said Licences, to be granted bciti«of Lon-in pursuance of this Act, there shall be reserved and made payable unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- don and Wdt-ccflors, the like weekly Sum of five Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid from the Com- minster» mencement of every such Licence, during the Continuance thereof reflectively, in like Manner, and with £ pe^vaW like Penalties, Covenants, Conditions, and Provisoes, therein to be inserted for the more effectual Pay- tjJcom-

ment thereof, as in other Licences granted in pursuance of the before-mentioned Act; and that the same mencement of Hackney Coaches, and the Persons to be licensed to drive or keep the same, shall, in respect thereof, have such Licence, the same Rates and Benefits, and be subject and liable to all the same Orders, Rules, Regulations, Byelaws, Penalties, Matters, and Things, as are or were lawfully prescribed in relation to any Persons licensed to keep or drive Hackney Coaches; and the Renters of such Licences, and Drivers of such Coaches, before the making of this present Act: And that all Persons who shall presume to drive or let to Hire by the Drivers of Hour or Day, or otherwise, any Hackney Coach or Coach Horses, or to carry any Person or Persons for Coaches, with-H'rc in any Hackney Coach, within the Cities of London and IPefln drifter, or the Suburbs of the same, or°ut Licence, within any of the Parishes or Places comprised within the weekly Bills of Mortality, without such Leave or forn,c?

Licence as aforesaid, shall be liable to all such Forfeitures and Penalties as he, she, or they would have in- cn l‘cs* curred for so doing, if this Act had not been made.

II. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies to arise by Mome«atlfng Rents of the said additional Number of Hackney Coaches, to be licensed in pursuance of this Act, shall by the additional be subject and applicable to the like Uses and Purposes, and under the like Penalties, as the other Rents £?urr£er of up »n Hackney Coaches are applicable and appropriated by Parliament. P;ted formed

111 Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Monies tORcnt, were a rift- by Rents of Hackney Coaches, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the Com- appropriated, missioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the time being, to reward the said Commissioners for Commissionen l*renfing and regulating Hackney Coaches, and the Clerks, Officers, and others that shall and may be cm- °o defr.f^x* ployed by and under them, for their Labour and Pains, and to discharge such incident Exnences as shall ne- p°n/,r}or ijl ccffurily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as any three or more of the said Commissioners cenfin* and of riie Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the time being, shall, from time to time, think fit and rea foil-other lncidmtj, ibF m th.;t Behalf; any 'riling in this Act, or any other Law, Statute, or Ufge, to the contrary not-

v\i’!n! in ling.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced Perform furj may ryaiidt any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defen- the Gc-dm' ', in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter ncrai in Evi Jcncc, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Art; and if it shall appeal so to have been done, a Verdict shall be recorded for the L\ fin T.;nt or Defendants: And if the Plaintiff' shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, i,". r the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Vcr-V n. XL X dict

pwbkCottf

[Preamble.]

Act 7- Geo. III. for completing HI ackfri.tr j« bridge*

C. 25, 26. Anna undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

diet or Demurrer against tTie Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Double Costs* and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants bath Qr have in other Cases by Law, for Recovery of his or their Costs.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for raising,a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bill's, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one. i,$oo, oooo/.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for further continuing the Tolls upon London Bridge, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for impowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London* in Common Council assembled* in certain cases, to grant Licences to Persons possessed of Terms for Years, of and in Houses described in an Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, to build upon and inclose Part of the Ground and Soil of the Streets in the Front of their said Houses.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled*

An Act for completing the Bridge croft the River Thames, from Blackfriars in the City of London* to the opposite Side in the County of Surry, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the ‘ Tolls on we said Bridge* and on London-bridge; for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, in the said City; for repairing the Royal Exchange* within the same yfor embanking Part of the North Side of the said River* within certain Limits 5 and for further^ continuing, towards those Purposes, the Imposition of Sixpence per Chaldron, or Ton, of Coals and Culm, imported into the Port of the said City, established by an Art of the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary; and also for carrying on the new Pave- menu in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parijfes adjacent, and in the Town and Bore ugh of South- wark and for other Purposes therein mentioned; the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds was granted and directed to be applied to and for the Redemption of the prescriptive Tolls, to which the PjfL-e over Lon- don-bridge was then subject, and to and for the Purchase of the Lease thereof; the Reliduc, afeer such Purchase, to be placed out at Interest, upon such Government or real Securities, or laid cut in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, should seem meet, in Trust, for or towards the Uses, Intents and Purposes, which the said Tolls* or the Rents and Fines then payable in respect thereof, were then applicable: And it was thereby enacted, That the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, should pay to the Persons, and for the Uses therein mentioned, certain Annuities of eight hundred Pounds, and four hundred and eighty Pounds, redeemable as therein mentioned: And it was thereby further enacted, That all and every the Tolls which then were or should be payable by virtue of any Act of Parliament, or Prescription, for the Passage over the said Bridge, or for the Passage over the then intended Bridge at Blackfriars, mould have Continuance, and be paid and payable to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, until they should, by and out of the neat Produce thereof, to arise and accrue from and after the twenty-ninth of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy (after deducting the Charges of the Collection thereof, and the Charges which would attend the making and executing, the Bonds thereby directed to be given for securing the Payment of the said Annuities,

and the Charges of obtaining and passing the said Act), receive and be reimbursed all such Sum and Sums of Money as they, should have advanced in Payment of the said Annuities, or for the Redemption thereof,

together with Interest for the Money so advanced* at and after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum $ but that, from and immediately after such Reimbursement should have been made and completed* the said Tolls should cease and determine*and be no longer paid or payable any Law, Statute,

or Prescription to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: And whereas the said Alayor and Commonalty, and Citizens* did, on or about the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy* treat with the LefTce of the said Toll^upon London-bridge, foe the Purchase of his said Lease, wherein there were then fifteen Years and three Quarters to come and unexpired, but found hi» Demand grounded-upon the Increase of the said Tolls, imee the patting of the Lid Act, so high, as being deducted out of the said Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, would not leave sufficient for the Purchase or Redemption of the Reversion and Inheritance thereof: And whereas it is computed that, in order to reimburse the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, what they are directed by the said Act to advance in Payment of the said Annuities of eight hundred Pounds, and four hundred and eighty Pounds, or for the Redemption thereof, with Interest as aforesaid, and the said Charges, which they are by the said in part recited Act authorised to deduct* the said Tolls upon both the said Bridges must have Continuance until Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine* or thereabouts; and that the said Tolls upon London-bridge, if continued till Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and eighty- two, would, together with the fold ’Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, and the Interest or Produce thereof ut the mean, lime* after making good and completing such. Reimbursement^ be a sufficient Fund for purchasing the then remaining Term of the said Lease of the Tolls ior the Passage over London-bridge,

and the Reversion. and Inheritance thereof;.’ May u therefore please your Majesty, upon the Petition of

» the

A.D. 1771. Anno tmdecimo Georgii III. C. 26. 155

the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Tolls, which are now payable by Prescription, for the Passage over London- ToTjs now?1y. hi id?fy shall, from and after the Time in and by the said in part recited Act limited for the Continuance *bic by Prefer ip. thereof, have further Continuance, and be paid and payable to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citi- ion to be mn-yens, until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and no longer; any tinued nil March Thing in the said Act contained, or any other Law, Usage or Prescription, to the contrary thereof in l5> 17 a* anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, shall, as soon as ti^ to conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, cause the said thirty thousand Pounds to be laid out and ,lie

invclied in the Purchase of some of the public Funds, or placed out at Interest upon Government or real V*n°he Securities; and, from time to time, until such Reimbursement to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and pubu r inds 7 Citizens, as aforesaid, shall be completed, pay and apply the Dividends, Interest, and Proceed thereof,

to the Purposes to which the said Tolls are appropriated by the said in part recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, shall, on or be- and, before fore the said twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, by, with, or out of Macli

the net Produce of the Funds or Securities in or upon which the said thirty thousand Pounds shall be then Vt"

veiled or placed; and the Interest, Dividends, or Proceed thereof, which shall then have arisen or accrued, Gf t^e ®cafc 6f from and after such Reimbursement to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, as aforesaid, pur- the Toll*, chase the then remaining Term of and in the said Lease of the Tolls, and keep, place, or lay out the Residue thereof at Interest upon Government or real Securities, or in the Purchase of the Freehold and Inheritance of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as to the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall seem meet, in Trust, for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes, to which the said Tolls were applicable before the passing of the said in part recited Act.

IV. And whereas, after reciting that it might, for the greater Regularity or Beauty of the Streets, Clause in Act7 4 Ways, or Passages, to be improved by virtue of the said Act, as of the twenty-ninth Year of King Geo. Hh 4 George the Second, be proper to build Houses, or Parts of Houses, on some Part of the Ground and Soil of the said Streets, Ways, or Passages, or on some Part of the former Channel of Bridewell Dock, it is by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, for and in Confi- deration of such Sum and Sums of Money, or yearly Rent or Rents, to be paid into the Receipt of the Chamber of the said City of London, as they should think reasonaWe, to grant to the Owner or Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of the House or Houses fronting any such Street, Way, or Paflaee,

Licence or Licences, under the Common Seal of the said City, to build upon and inclose so much of the Ground and Soil, in the Front of the said respective House or Houses, as they should think fit to be built upon, for the Reasons aforesaid; and that the Ground and Soil so built upon, in pursuance of such Licence or Licences, should for ever, or for and during the Time or Term to be expressed in such Licence or Licences respectively, be annexed to and enjoyed with the adjoining Freehold; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas it has happened, and may happen, that the Owner or Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of the House or Houses fronting some of the said Sheets, Ways, or Passages, cannot be found, or is or are unwilling to build, and the Tenants of such Ground, having Leases thereof for Jong Term of Yean, would be willing to build upon the Ground and Soil in the bront thereof, if they might obtain such Licences, and be secured in the free Enjoyment of the said Ground and Soil, during the Tctiti for which they respectively hold their said Houses,

whereby the Regularity and Beauty of the said Streets, Ways, and Passages, would be sooner accom- p’ifhcd Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen M*yor, fcc. m*y and Commons, in Common Council assembled, for such Considerations as aforesaid, to grant such Licence grant Licences or Licences to the Tenant or Tenants of the House or Houses fronting any of the said streets. Ways, or to Tenants, on P-fljgrs, having Leases for long Terms, of which there shall be at least thirty-five Years then to come ££a,n.CoB* and unexpired; and that the Ground and Soil which shall be built upon by Order or in pursuance of such !iuC,4tlcnc* Licence or Licences, together with the Dwellings and Buildings thereon, shall forever be annexed to and enjoyed with the House or Houses thereunto respectively adjoining, by the several Persons interested therein, according to their several Estates and Interests in the same; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this, or in the said former Act con- Nothing Win,

tained, shall give to any Person or Persons whomsoever, except the Owner or Owners of the Freehold or in the h.imcr and Inheritance of the said House or Houses, or the Lessee or Leflecs thereof, who shall have such Terms *renuimu, remaining therein as aforesaid, any Right or Power to build on the said Ground, lying before the said L

Houses rcipectivi-ly; any Thing herein, or in the said former Act contained, to the contrary thereof in bui*dje/erpt CU anvw.fr not with Ih'jndirg. Owner*.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be paid for SurrspaiJt.r any Licence or Licences, to be granted by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be, and the same is and Lic-nce?, i.o*- are hereby appropriated to the Uics, Intents, and Purposes to which the Monies and Rents payable for the bc Licences mentioned in the said in part recited Act, are thereby appropriated, and to or for no other Use,

lnfent, or Purpose whatsoever.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Per-fs>n or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in

156

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

rutiic a a.

C. 27. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

such Action or Suit, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon 5. and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Action or Suit, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein j then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cases by Law.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices* and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same j and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River.

'freioible.

Persons killing Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout,

WHEREAS Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, and Whitlings, and the Spawn or Fry thereof, are

frequently killed, taken, and destroyed at improper Seasons in the River Tweedy and the Rivers

and Streams which run into the same, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, to the great Detriment of the Owners and Occupiers of the Fisheries, and Loss to the Public:* For Remedy

whereof, and for the Improvement of the Fisheries in the said River, may it please your Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

__________y fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

or Whitling, be- Authority of the same, That from and after the twelfth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and tween 06.10. seventy-one, if any Person or Persons shall take or kill any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, between " or take, kill, or destroy the Spawn, Fry, or young Brood of any such Fish, in the said River Tweedy or o’eTockon s*. *n any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill-pool. Mill-lead, Sluice, or Cut, which commu-turday Night nicates with the said River Tweedy or within the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweedy and two o’clock at any Time or Times between the tenth Day of October and the tenth Day of January, or between ten of en Monday the Clock on Saturday Night and two of the Clock on Monday Morning, every such Person and Persons forfcitng*§ftfor forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for every Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, so or "Vuch*Fish. taken or killed, and also the Sum of ten Shillings for every Parcel or Quantity of the Spawn, Fry, or young Brood of any such Fish so taken, killed, or destroyed.

c II. And whereas Disputes may arise touching the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance of the River

Tweed,9 Be it therefore further enacted, That, for the Purposes of this Act, the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance of the River Tweed shall for the future be deemed and taken to be and extend three Miles from a Pier called Queen Elizabeth's Pier, and two Miles from a Rock called Hood's Head Rock.

Any Person who III- And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twelfth Day of May, one thousand seven dull kill, or hundred and seventy-one, if any Person or Persons shall place, lay, set, continue, or draw any Net,

have in his Pof- Creel, Hamper, Engine, or other Device whatsoever in said River Tweedy or in any River, Rivulet, iBrook, session any of the or Stream, or in any Mill-pool, Mill-lead, Sluice, or Cut, which communicates with the said River young Brood o7 Tweed, or within the Mouth or ^Entrance thereof, in order to kill or take any Spawn, Fry, or young Brood

every I

Limits of the Mouth or En trance of the River Tweed*

Fish, between April 1. and of any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, or shall take, kill, or destroy, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession any Spawn, Fry, or young Brood of any such Fish as aforesaid, between the June 1. shall for-first Day of April and the first Day of June, every such Person and Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of pU T7 ten Shillings, for every Parcel of Spawn, Fry, or young Brood of any such Fish which shall be found in are erco. her, or their Possession, between the said first Day of April and the said first Day of June.

If any Person

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twelfth Day of May, one thousand seven

foail beat the hundred and seventy-one, if any Person or Persons shall beat the Water, or place or let any white Object,

*tcr» orin#ny or any other Thing whatsoever in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Mill-prevent the Fish P°°l> Mill-lead, Sluice, or Cut, which communicates with the said River Tweed, or in the Mouth or Entering the Ri- trance of the said River, or in, over, or across the said River Tweed, or any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, ver, &c. he shall Mill-pool, Mill-lead, Sluice, or Cut, or in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, in order to forfeit any Sum prevent the said Fish from entering the said River Tweed, or from going up and down the said River, or any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Mill-pool, Mill-lead, Sluice, or Cut aforesaid, or shall by any other Ways, or in any other Manner, prevent the Fish from entering the said River, and going up and down the said Rivers and Waters before described, every Person so offending shall, for every Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than ten Shillings.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or angle at certain Owners of any Fishery in the said River Tweed, or for the Owner or Owners of any Fishery in any River ownVi£heri«,r runs *nt0 River Tweed, and for all and every Person or Persons having his, her, or their Autho-

own enes. rjty^ Licence^ or Leave so to do, to angle or fish with Rods and Lines at any Time or Times between the said tenth Day of January, and the tenth Day of October, in any Year, for any Kind or Sort of Fish in his, her, or their own Fiftiery or Fisheries, notwithstanding the same shall be let to any Person or Persons; and also to take, carry away, and make use of the Fish so taken; and no such Owner or Person, having such Authority, Licence, ox Leave* shall be liable, on account of any such Angling, to any

Penalty

not more than 5 4. nor left than ic s.

Persons may

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 27. 1ST

Penalty inflicted by this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-

itinding.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, at Laying Dirt, any Time or Times after the said twelfth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, laytheRiver, the or place any Dirt or Rubbish in the said River Tweed below High-water Mark, every such Person shall ForfcUure *01* fortcit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Offence.

VII. And whereas of late Persons have made a Practice of fishing in the Mouth or Entrance of the Perfomkilling River Tzveedy by which Practice the Fish are disturbed and hindered from entering the said River,’ Be it s*lnlon» &c* therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twelfth Day of Mayt one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, at any Time or forfeit lot’.iot Times, fish for, take, or kill any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, within the Mouth or En-each Full j trance of the said River Tweedy every such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings for every Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling so taken or killed, together with the Boats, Tackle,

Nets, Engines, and all other Devices madeUfe of in taking or killing the same, and also the Fish so killed and buying or or taken-, and all such Boats, Tackle, Nets, Engines, and other Devices so forfeited, shall be cut to felling' or ha*-Pieces, burnt, or otherwise destroyed 5 or if any Person or Persons shall buy or fell, or offer to Sale, or»"g such Fish >a hive in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, lenow-5hc, rf0^100* ing the lame to have been killed or taken within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, every Person ftJ^7togbe so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings for every such Salmon, Gilfe, killed, to forfeit Salmon Trout, or Whitling so bought, (old, or which shall be in his, her, or their Custody or Possession. 10 *.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall anyways prejudice or aftedt the Right of Persons having a the Owners or Proprietors of Fisheries, or the Right of any other Person or Persons who now are, or at Right may fish any Time hereafter shall or may be seized, possessed of, or intitled to, any Manors, Seigniories, or Roy- the

altics within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweedy as the same is herein before described; buttheRewUtiora-that all and every such Owners and Proprietors, and other Person or Persons, as last are mentioned, shall herein before- have and enjoy all such Right of Fishery within the said Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed as mentioned, they have hitherto lawfully exercised or enjoyed, or could or might have lawfully exercised or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made (so as such Right be used and exercised at such Times and Seasons only, under such Regulations, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are hereinbefore directed concerning the Fisheries within the said River Tweedy and within the Mouth or Entrance thereof); any Thing in thing Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties or Forfeitures for Offences P^nalon, &c. against this Act may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, bcw to be rcoo*-upon Proof of the Offence or Offences before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within that *ered and Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties pK thereof, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff-dcpute, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the County, Shire, Liberty, or Place where the Offender or Offenders shall be or re fide, either by the Confcilion of the Party or Parties, or upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more Witness or Witnesses, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice-or Indices in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds

and Liberties thereof, or by Warrant or Warrants in due Form of Law of such Justice or Justices, or Sheriff-dcpute, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, (all which Warrants such Justice or Justices or Sheriffs-dcputc, is and are hereby authorised and required to grant, and to administer such Oath or Oaths); and the Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be so levied and paid, shall, from time to time, be applied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place w here the Offender or Offenders shall be or reside; and the Overplus remaining (if any), after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all Charges attending the levying and recovering thereof, are deduced, shall on*

Demand be returned to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and f orfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, that then it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, or Sheriff-depute, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorised and impowered to commit every such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month, as the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff-depute, upon Consideration of the Circumstances, shall think fit.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Conviction or Convictions of all and CVnviflions every Offender or Offenders against this Act, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town ,r‘tn* of Berwick upon Tweed, or the BounJs and Liberties thereof, shall be certified by the Justice or Justices of the Peace, by or before whom the same shall be made, to the next general Quarter Sessions of the Peace-to be hclJ for the County or Place where the Offender shall be convicted, and shall be filed amongst the Records of the said Sessions; and such Conviction shall be in the following Form of Words, or to the like Effect; (that is to say)

To»!t *c< TIE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year Form of Cm-

S" O A.B. was, upon the Complaint of C.D. convicted before me [or us, as the Case JhaUx'^'rnHr Ct hufpen] in pursuance of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King ,cnces- Geotre the Thirdyfor regulating and improving the Fisheues in the River Tw'cd, and the Rivers and Streams running into the famey and alto within the Mouth or Entrance of ti>e said Ri ver. Given under my [or our] Hand and Seal [or Hands and Seals, as the Ca/e shall happen] the Day and Year above written.’*

Which.

C. 27.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Pefjbotpiai&ed for Offence* by

profccvted upon any other Act, Person*

Which said Conviction shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposea, and shall not he quashed, set aside, or judged void or insufficient for want of Form only, and shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, but shall be deemed and taken to be final te all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XI. Provided always, That where any Offender shall be punished for any Offence by virtue of this Act*

- such Offender shall not again be prosecuted, nor incur any Penalty by virtue of any other Law or Statute*

be liable to be ° or be liable to any other runishment for the same Offence 5 and no Person shall incur any Penalty, or suffer any Punishment for any Offence committed against this Act, unless the Prosecution of the same shall be commenced within six Months after such Offence committed.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who shall

grieved by the think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Judgement of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, aq of *ny Juf- in any of the Cases aforesaid, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County, Shire, Liberty, or to the nextPCA where such Judgement shall be given, at their then next General Quarter Sessions; but no such

Quarter Seffiana* Appeal shall be received, heard, or determined, unless the Appellant or Appellants shall first give, or cause

to be given, fourteen Days Notice in Writing to the Justice or Justices from whose Judgement, Sentence, or Determination, he, she, or they shall appeal, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and shall also enter into a Recognizance, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal; and the said Justices, at their said Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice given as aforesaid, shall hear and determine every such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award and order to the Party for whom and in whose Behalf such Appeal shall be determined, such Costs and Charges as they, in their Discretion, shall think reasonable and just to be paid by the Party or Parties against whom such Appeal shall be determined; and in case such Costs and Charges shall not be paid within the Space of six Days, the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons ordered to pay the same; and if the Person or Persons ordered to pay such Costs shall happen to remove or go into any County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court where such Appeal shall be brought or heard, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of or for the County, Shire, Liberty or Place wherein such Person shall inhabit or be found; and every such Justice of the Peace is hereby required, upon Request to him for that Purpose to be made, and a true Copy of the Order for the Payment of such Costs and Charges produced, and proved by feme credible Witness upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer) by Warrant in due Form of Law, to cause the Money mentioned in that Order to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person that is ordered and ought to pay the same; and the Determination of the said Justices, at such Quarter Section, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever 5 and no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever: And that all and every Person and Persons who mall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Judgement of any Sheriff-depute in

Artdthofe aggrieved by the Judgement of Any Sheriff de-

Limitation of Actiont.

[General Issue.]

any of the Cases aforesaid, may appeal to the Lords of Judiciary in the next Circuit Court of the Circuit pute may appeal wherein such County or Shire shall lie, in the Way, Manner, and Form, and under and upon the Limits the Lords of tations and Conditions prescribed by and contained in an Act of Parliament passed in the twentieth Year of cary " lhC the: of his ,ate Majesty,/or taking away and abolishing the hereditable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great

Court. rCUIt Britain called Scotland, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action at Law shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, within that Part of Greett Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, until after fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall be given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be intended to be so brought* or left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode, setting forth the Cause of such Action; and that every Action brought for any Thing done or to be dona as aforesaid, shall be brought within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Fast was committed, and not else-where; and the Defendant or Defendants therein may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by virtue hereof: And if, on the Trial of such Action, it shall appear that the same was brought before the Expiration of fourteen Days next after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the End of six Calendar Months next after the Cause thereof shall have arisen, or if such Action shall be brought or laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, or after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, that then* and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein 5 and in all Cases where any Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinae the same after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or shall be nonsuited; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedies for recovering the same as Defendants have for recovering their Costs in other Cases by Law.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and ocher Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same*

Treble Cofli.

Public A

CAP.

A.D. 1771. Anno underimo Georgii III. C. 28.

JS9

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for punishing Offences committed by Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, within certain Districts and Places therein mentioned; and for renewing the Registry of Ca ts and Carriages*

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether Offences committed by Hackney Coachmen and Chair- Preamble#

men, within certain Places, which, by reason of the great Increase of Buildings, are now become

the Suburbs of the Cities of London or Westminster, are cognizable under an Act made in the ninth Year 9 Ann*

of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in regard such Places were not the actual Suburbs of either of the said Cities at the Time of passing the said Act, and that some of them are not comprised within the

weekly Bills of Mortality For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; After June*4, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the M»rvie Bone fame, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of JuneT one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, st. George the all and every the new Squares, Buildings, and Streets, within the several Parishes of Saint Mary le Bone\ Martyr, Sr, Saint George^ Hanover Square v Saint George the Martyr Queen Square\ and Saint George, Bloomjlury, G'ori*> Han" within the County of Middlesex% and also all the several Burying Grounds within five Miles of the Cities Geo^e^ioomC-©f London or Westminfliry belonging to any of the Parishes within the said Cities of London or Westminster, bury7&c. with," or the Parishes herein before mentioned, shall be deemed, construed, and adjudged, to be within the Cities #11 Burying

of London or Westminster or the Suburbs thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Ground* within Act; and that the Jurisdiction and Authorities of the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches and Mile* of Chairs, and of Justices of the Peace, and all the Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained, '

shall extend, and be deemed, construed, and adjudged to extend to all and every the said new Squares, deemedTo be Buildings, and Streets, and also to the several Burying Grounds belonging to any of the Pariftics within within the Lithe Cities of London or Westminster, or any of the several other Parishes herein before particularly men- nut* of the hid tioned# Cui*,#

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Com- Commissionert jnissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, to order and direct the several Per- *° order Cheque fons who take out Licences for using Hackney Coaches, that they do provide, for the better Accommoda- H^ck^yVoV/h; tion of the Public, Cheque Strings or Wires, to be placed in such convenient Part of every such Coach as andewrry to the said Commissioners shall seem most convenient; and every Hackney Coachman plying for Hire with- Coachman ply-©ut such Cheque String or Wire, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the oum of five Shillings; ine without to be levied and recovered in such Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures arc, by any Law now in being, such Aa!1 fot relating to Hackney Coaches, directed to be levied and recovered.

III. And whereas, in pursuance of the Directions of several former Acts for that Purpose, a very con- An Persons po(-4 siderable Number of Carts, Cars, Drays, Fish Machines, and other Carriages, have, from time to time, Cart*,

been entered with the said Commissioners; which said Entries were, by the late Fire which happened in ^CS’^C*

# the Hackney Coach Office, entirely eonfumed, and also all the Books of Entries of such Numbers were ^16/177©,

totally destroyed, by Means whereof the Public will be deprived of the Benefit intended by the said several to make nn*

Acts, unless some Provision be made to compel the Owners of such Carts, Cars Drays, Fish Machines, Entries before and other Carriages, which had been entered at the said Office, and were in Use at the Time the Lid *9* *77*

Fire happened, to make Entries of such Numbers as they were then possessed of, together with their Names and respective Places of Abode Be it therefore further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who was or were possessed of any Cart, Car, Dray, Fifti Machine, or other Carriages, on the sixteenth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, being the Day on which the said Fire happened, and which had been respectively entered with the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the said former Acts, shall, and they are hereby respectively required to make a new Entry of every such Carr,

Car, Dray, Fish Machine, or other Carriage, with the said Commissioners, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and for that Purpose the Owner or Owners of such Cart, Car, Dray, Fish Machine, or other Carriage, shall make out and deliver, orcuufe o be made out and delivered, in Writing, to the said Commissioners, at the Office for licensing Hackney Coaches, within the Time aforesaid, the true and real Number and Numbers of every such Cart, Car,

Dray, Fifti Machine, or other Carriage so entered as aforesaid, which was or were in Ulc, or which might lawfully have been used and employed on the said sixteenth Dav of November, together with the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner thereof; and thereupon the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, without Fee or Reward, to make an Entry or Entries of every such Cart, Car,

Dray, Fish Machine, or other Carriage, together with the respective Number thereof, and the Name and the Place or Places of Abode of the respective Owners thereof, in Books to be by them provided for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons (Flail nrglcft Person* n or refuse to make such Entry or Entries as aforesaid, with the said Commissioners within the Time herein r to before limited, c^ciy such Pci foil so neglecting or refuiing to make such Entry or Entries, shall be deemed and taken to have and be possessed of no such Number or Numbers, nor to have made any Entry or Entries -

whatsoever, with the said Commissioners, and shall be subject and liable to ail and every the Pena1'its and

Forfeitures incurred by all or any of the several AcU heretofore made lor that Purpose, in the fauic Manner,

UiiJ

l foifelt

160

In all Action* commenced. Defendant! may plead the Gene-xai Issue.

double Costs.

[Preamble.]

Act 19 Car. II.

Act 22 & 23 Car. II.

Act 7 Annas.

Act 8 Geo. III.

inefficient to anther the Put-iufc: intended.

C. 29. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

and to all Intents and Purposes, as if no such Entry or Entries had been ever made; any Thing in any former A<S! or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Inue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had fnereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, a Verdict shall be recorded for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Double Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have, in other Cases by Law, for Recovery of his or their Costs.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual the Powers granted by, several A<ds of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts,' Alleys, Passages, and Places; and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same. - i

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the City of London, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Number and Places for all Common Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, should be designed and set out by such and so many Persons as the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the said City, in Common Council afiem- bled, should, from time to time, authorise and appoint under their Common Seal, or the major Part of them 5 to which Persons several Powers and Authorities are thereby given, for making new Vaults, Drains, or Sewers, or for cutting into any Drain or Sewer already made 5 and for altering, enlarging, % amending, cleansing, and scouring of any old Vaults, Sinks, or Common Sewers: And whereas by another Act made in the twenty-second and twenty-third Years of the same Reign, the said Clause, or Branch of the said in part recited Act, was made perpetual, and the Powers and Authorities thereby given were directed to be for ever thereafter put in Execution, according to the Purport and Effect of the said former Act, and for defraying the Charges thereof, the said Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, were impowered, from time to time, to impose and levy a reasonable Tax or Assessment upon the several Wards within the said City and Liberties, in Manner therein mentioned, to be act’effect as well upon the Tenants or Occupiers of Houses, Shops, or other Tenements or Hereditaments, as upon the Owners or others interested in such Houses, Tofts, or Ground, unbuilt, and other Hereditaments whereof there should be no present Occupier: And whereas, by another Act made in the

seventh Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, it was amongst other Things enacted, That the said Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, should execute, within the said City and Liberties, all and every the Powers and Authorities given to or vested in any Commissioners of Sewers in any other County or Place, by force or virtue of any the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom, or of any Commission to them

granted pursuant to the same, and should be deemed and taken to be Commissioners of Sewers, within the Limits aforesaid, subject, nevertheless, to the Limitations and Directions of the said first in part recited Statute: And whereas, by another Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better pavings cleansing, and enlightening the City of London and Liberties thereof \ and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned \ and for repealing an Act made in the sixth Year of his present Majestys Reign, for those Purposes; the foie Power and Authority of pitching, paving, cleansing, and enlightening the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the said City and Liberties, are vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, to be executed by such Persons as by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled, by virtue and in pursuance of the said in part recited Act of the twenty-second and twenty-third Years of his said Majesty King Charles the Sc- cond, then were, or thereafter, from time to time, should be authorised and appointed to be Commissioners of the Sewers for the said City and Liberties, or by any seven or more of them; which said Persons so from time to time authorised and appointed to be Commissioners of the Sewers for the said City and Liberties, were thereby constituted Commissioners for carrying the said Act of the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty into Execution: And whereas the Powers given and granted in and by the said several in part recited A<5ls have been found defective, and inefficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended: And whereas several of the Streets and Places within the said City and Liberties, for want of proper Sewers, Drains, or Vaults, are frequently annoyed, the Houses and Buildings therein weakened and rendered of less Use, and the Health of his Majesty's Subjects greatly affected: And whereas the Rates and Assessments which the Persons so appointed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, are, by the said Act of the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, authorised and impowered to raise and levy, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the saul

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 29. 161

City and Liberties, will be sufficient, by Degrees, also to defray the Expence of making new Sewers and public Drains and Vaults, where wanted, and of enlarging and altering old ones where necessary, and the Expence of repairing and cleansing all the said Sewers, Drains, and vaults, ought to be defrayed by the Landlords or Proprietors of the Houses and Lands within the said City and Liberties :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing this Act, the foie Power of ordering, designing, making, enlarging, widening, deepening, raising, altering, removing, repairing, cleansing, and scouring, of all Common Sewers, Drains, and Vaults; and of paving, cleaning, and lighting the several Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the said City of London and Liberties thereof, shall be, and the same is hereby vessel in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, to be executed by such Persons as by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, shall, from time to time, be nominated, and, under the Common Seal of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, be appointed for that Purpose $ which said Person so from time to time to be nominated find appointed, shall be, and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Authority of the said Commissioners for The Recorder the time being shall nowise be suspended or taken away, save by the Appointment, from time to time, of and Common new Commissioners for the said City and Liberties: Provided also, That the Recorder and Common Ser- Serjeant: shall be jeant of the said City of London for the time being shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed Coa^mli^,on€Jr, two of the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution.

III. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all the Powers and Authorities The Powers to by this Act granted to or vested in the said Commissioners hereby constituted as aforesaid, shall and may, be exrrcifed by from time to time, be exercised by the major Part of such of them as shall attend at any public Meeting of the m*ior the said Commissioners, to be holden as herein after mentioned, the Number of the said Commissioners

present at such public Meeting not being less than seven, (except for the Purpose of adjourning) and all fioner*

Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners present at such public Meeting, (hair have the same Force and Effect as if done or made by all the Commissioners constituted by this Act.

IV. And it is hereby further declared and enacted, That the first public Meeting of the said Commis- First public sioners, to be had by virtue of and under this Act, shall be at such Time and Place, within the said City Meeting, and Liberties, as the Mayor of the said City shall think proper to order and appoint: And the said Mayor

is hereby directed to order and appoint such first public Meeting to be held on or before the first Day of *Junt next, and to cause the said Commissioners to be summoned to attend the same.

V. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the major Power to t4« Part of the said Commissioners present at such public Meeting, or at any subsequent public Meeting of thej°ttrn*

said Commissioners (the Number so attending not being less than three) to adjourn such public Meeting to any future Day and Time, and to any Place within the said City and Liberties: Provided always, That every Commissioner shall have Notice to attend at such adjourned public Meeting, by Summons from tho Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being.

VI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and Mayor to ap-for the Mayor of the said City for the time being, from time to time, to appoint a public Meeting of the point» public said Commissioners, at any Time and Place within the said City or Liberties, which he shall judge proper Me<tij>«‘ for the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding any Adjournment or Non-adjournment of the said Commissioners \ and shall cause the said Commissioners to be summoned to attend the same.

VIE And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, from time to time, Commissioneri at any of their said public Meetings, cleft and appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks, and one or more Sur- »ppomt veyor or Surveyors, and also such and so many other Officers as they shall find necessary for the due Exe-Clerkf* cution of this Act (fourteen Days Notice of their Intention to proceed to such Election or Appointment having been first printed and publaihed in two or more of the Daily Newspapers, and Notice thereof being also expressed in the Summons for such public Meeting); and the said Commissioners shall take such Security as they shall think proper for the due Execution of such respective Offices 5 and shall and may, from time to time, remove any of the said Officers at their Will and Pleasure, and appoint others in the Room of such as shall die, or be removed as aforesaid: And the said Commissioners shall and may, out of the Monies arising or to arise by virtue of this Act, appoint and pay such Salaries, Gratuities, and Allowances, as they shall judge reasonable, to such Officers, and to all such other Persons as shall have been or shall be employed in, or aiding and assisting about the Execution of this Act.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer or Servant, who cierkt, At. Gull shall be employed by the said Commissioners, in the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, shall not uke Fee. exact, demand, take, or accept any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever (other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards, as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said Commissioners for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or for forbearing to do any Thing hereby or by the said Commissioners directed to be done, on any Account whatsoever, relative to the Execution or Non-execution of this Act, or shall anyway be concerned in Interest, in any Bargain made or to be made by the said Commissioners for any of the Purposes intended by this Act, every Person so offending shall, from thenceforth for ever, be incapable of being employed under this Act; and mall, over and above-forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall fuc for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ or within the said City, by Action of Debt, Bill, plaint, or Information, to be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Offeree cunmitted;

162 C. 29.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Proceeding to be entered.

b^ e.rpioyed.

Notice of Contracts to be given.

No Member of the Common Co jncil to be concerned in any Contract*

in which A$ion no Suit, nor Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, at their said public Meetings, from time to time, shall be entered in a Hook or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, and shall be ligned by their Clerk for the time being j and such Entries shall he deemed and taken to be the original Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners 5 and such Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

Persons not free x. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby authorised h? cry may anj jm powered, from time to time, to employ under them any fit Person or Persons, whether free of the L'ovc ‘ said City or not, in or about all or any of the Works which they shall cause to be performed, by virtue or in pursuanre of this Act, and to contract for the Performance of Inch Works, or any of them, with any Person or Persons whatsoever, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit: And that no Person or Persons who shall be so employed or contracted with, nor any Person or Persons to be set to work by, or under them, or any of them, shall for any Act done, or to be done, in or about any of the Works aforesaid, be subject or liable to any Action, Indictment, or Information, upon the Statute rrnde in the fifth Year of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labour trs, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices, or be liable to be sued for any Breach of the Custom of London, or for any Penalty inflicted by any Bye-law of the said City.

XI. Provided always, That previous to the making of any such Contract, Notice shall be given in some of the Daily Newspapers, that the said Commissioners do intend to make such Contradf, and that all Persons willing to engage therein may make Proposals to the said Commissioners, at a certain Time and Place in every such Notice to be specified; and all Contracts made, or to be made in consequence of such Notice, shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Price or Prices to be paid for the same, and the time or times when the said Works are to be completed, together with the Penalties to be incurred in case of the Non-performance thereof, and the same shall be signed by the Clerk for the time being of the said Commissioners, as also by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works respectively, and shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the said Commissioners.

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person being a Member of the Court or Common Council of the said City, shall be, directly or indirectly, interested, or concerned in any Contract, which shall be made or entered into by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners for or concerning any of the said Works to be carried on or performed in pursuance of this Act, or for or concerning any Materials to be used or employed therein, upon Pain that every such Contract shall be null and void, and that the Person who, being a Member of the said Court, shall be so interested or concerned therein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the said City, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, in which Action or Suit, no Protection, Ffloin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person against whom the said Penalty shall be recovered, shall for ever thereafter be disabled from being elected a Member of the said Court of Common Council.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners may cause such and so many neiv Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, as they shall think proper to be dug, and made, in, along or cross any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the said City and Liberties, and also any of the Sewers, and public Drains, and Vaults, which noware, or hereafter shall be, within the said City and Liberties, to be enlarged, widened, deepened, raised/ altered, removed, repaired, cleansed, or scoured, when and as often as to them shall seem meet; and also may cause all or any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, to be new-paved, or repaired, when, and as often, and in such Manner, and with such Materials, as the said Commissioners shall think fit; and for any of the said Purposes may, from time to time, cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into the said Streets, or Places, or any of them, such Gravel, Stones, Bricks, and other Materials, as they shall judge necessary, and may likewise cause the Ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the Course of the Channel running in, into, or through the same, to be turned or altered, and the Water Pipes which now lie, or hereafter shall be laid under Ground, to be taken up and new laid, in such Places, Manner, and Form, as they the said Commissioners shall judge belt; and may cause such Posts, Bars, and Chains, as they shall think useless or inconvenient, to be taken away or removed; and likewise all Steps, Bulks, Shew-glasses, Shew-boards, Balconies, Windows, Window Frames, and Stall Boards, encroaching upon or extending over the Foot-ways, and also all Steps and Doors opening or leading from the Footways into Vaults or Cellars to be taken away, removed, or altered; any Thing contained in the Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for rebuilding the City of London, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no new Sewer, Drain, or the Drains be- Vault, shall be made, nor shall any Common Sewer, public Drain, or Vault, which is already made, be longing to samt enlarged, widened, deepened, raised, or altered, in any Manner, by virtue of this Act, so as to communicate with, or anywise injure, prejudice, or aftedt any Sewer, Drains, Wydraught, or Vault, now be-Jonging to the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, and which is situate, lying and being in the Church-yard of the said Cathedral Church, as well without as within the Rails thereof, and which hath been made for the Use or Benefit of the said Cathedral, and have been and now are kept in Repair by the Order, and under the Direction of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of London for the time being, as Trustees for the Fabritk of the said Cathedral Church, with-

7 out

Sewers, Arc. to be made, and the Streets ro be paved by the Commissioners.

Not to extend to

nnging Paul’s Cathe dral,

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 29. >63

out the Consent of the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, and of the Dean and Chapter of the said Cathedra) Church for the time being, first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause all Signs, or s-gns, &c. rote other Emblems uftd to denote the Trade, Occupation, or Calling of any Person or Persons, Sign-ports, takedown or Sign-irons, Balconies, Pent-houses, Shew-boards, Spouts, and Gutters, projecting into any of tire said £movc^ by the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, PaiLges, or Places, and all other Incroachments, Pro- omnujuanos. jections, and Annoyances whatsoever, within the said City or Liberties, to be taken down and removed,

and shall caulc all bigns, or other Emblems as aforesaid, Shew-boards and Gutters, or such Parts thereof as they shall think fit, to be affixed or placed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, or were before affixed, and not otherwise; and shall return, or eause to be returned, to their respective Owners, so much of such Signs or other Emblems, Sign-polls, or other Ports, Sign-irons, Shew-boards, Spouts, and Gutters, as shall not be affixed or put up, or cther-vnlemaJe use of in the Alterations directed by this Act; and that for the future, all Signs, Sign-boards, and Gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the fironts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, to which they respectively belong, and not otherwise; and if any Person or Persons shall, ar any lime hereafter, lung, place, erect, or build, any Sign, Sign-port, or other Poll, Sign-iron, Balcony, Pent-house,

Shew-board, Spout, Gutter, or other Projection, Obstrudion, or Annoyance, or eause the same to be done, contrary to the Direction aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit ard pay the Sum of five Pounds, and the further Sum of twenty Shillings for every Day such Offence shall continue.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any CnnesoV Person or Persons to keep any Crane or Cranes already fixed up against any Warehouse or Warehouses, kept dole to the within the said City and Liberties thereof, or to affix any Crane or Cranes to such Warehouse or Ware- ^"s#of VV4, C~ houses, and to make use of such Crane or Cranes, so as such Crane or Cranes be turned and kept close to 10u‘c,‘

the Walls of fin h Warehouse or Warehouses when not in actual Use; any Thing in this Act, or any former Law, Custom, or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

XVII. And, for the more speedy Removal of sundry Nuisances and Obstructions within the said City Wapponr ftMl € and Liberties,' It is hereby further enacted, That if, after the passing of this Act, any common Stage cot rtanlin the ^Vaggon, or other Waggon, or any Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, shall, for the Purpose of loading or above one unloading the same, or any Part thereof, be fuftered to (land or continue in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Hout# Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, above the Space of one Hour at any one Time; or it any Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, shall be placed and fuftered to Hand athwart or across any such Street, Lane, Square, Yard, Court, Alley, Passage, or Place, for the loading or unloading thereof, or for any other Purpose whatsoever; or if any such Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, shall be suffered to (land or continue in any Part of any such Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys,

Passages, or Places, longer than is necessary for the loading or unloading thereof; or if any Goods, Materials, or Things whatsoever, shall be laid or placed, and left in any such Street, Lan-, Square, Yard,

Court, Alley, Passage, or Place, so as to obstruct the free Passage thereof; then, and in every such Case, any one of the said Commissioners, or any one of their Officers, to be by them appointed to remove Nuisances, shall and may seize, or eause to be seized, the Stage Waggon, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, so placed or fuftered to (land or continue, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, together with the Horle or Horses thereunto belonging, or the Goods, Materials or Things, so laid or placed, and left as aforesaid, and remove the same, or eause the same to be removed, to the common Pound of the la d City, commonly called The Green Yard, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, shall and do claim the same, and pay to the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall then he, the Sum of twenty Shillings, together with the Charges of removing and keeping the same; and in case the lame shall not be claimed, and the said Sum of twenty Shillings and Charges paid, within the Space of three Days next after such Seizure, it shall and m ay be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, to eause the same, or a competent Part thereof, to be appiailed and fold, for Payment of the said Penalty and Charges, returning to such Owner or Owncis, upon Demand, the Goods and Things not fold, together with the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arising by such

S.de.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Personor Persons whatsoever, shall crcdl or build, Ont:n ano* of or cause to be erected or built, any Polls, Bars, Kails, Boards, or other Things, by Wav of Inclosure, for ‘}n

the Purpose of making Morar, or depositing Bricks, Lime, or other Materials, for building or repairing bc ^evemed. any House or Houses, Building or Buildings, or other Works, within the said City or Liberties, in any other Manner, or shall fufter the same to remain for any longer Time than shall be necessary for such Building or Repairs, or shall lay any Rubbish within such Inclosure, or in any public Street, Passage, or Tlace withm the said City or Liberties, or eause the same to be done, and Complaint thereof shall be made to the said Commissioners by any two Householders of the said City or Liberties, and the said Commissioners shall, upon View, or other due Proof of the Matter of the said Complaint, find the same to be tme; then, and *n every such Case, the Person or Persons creating and building such Inclosure, and suffering the same to remain longer than shall be necessary as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; and moreover, it shall and may be lawful to and for the faiu Commissioners, to cause such Inclosure or Erection to be pulled down and removed, and the Materials thereof, as also all Bruks, Mortar, Lime, or other valuable Things contained within the lame, or thereto belonging, to be deposited in The Green Yard aforesaid, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or fits, her, or their known Servant 01 Servants, shall and do pay to the Person or Persons in whose Custociy

164 C. 29.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Nt> Lime to be flaked in the Streets, See,

Bricklayers or Plasterers may (like in the

repairing.

Damage being done to the

the same shall be, the Charges of pulling down and removing the same; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Charges paid, within the Space of eight Days next after such Seizure thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners are further authorised to remove such Rubbish to such Place as they shall think convenient, and every Person laying such Rubbish, or causing or procuring the same to be laid, within, or on the Outside, or near to such Inclosure, or in any public Street, Passage, or Place within the said City or Liberties, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, together with the Expence of removing the same.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall flake Lime in the Foot-way or Carriage-way of any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, or in any House or Houses within the same, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

XX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to restrain any Bricklayer or Plasterer from flaking Lime within the Yards or Cellars of Houses which shall be new-building or repairing, or within the Yards or Cellars belonging to the Dwelling-house of any such Bricklayer or Plasterer, so

r^ewTundin^or8 l^e Steam of such Lime be conveyed into and through the Chimney of such House respectively; and w- ' 1 that no Lime be flaked in any Cellar or Yard after the Hour of seven of the Clock in the Morning, from Lady-day to Michaelmas, nor after the Hour of eight of the Clock in the Morning, from Michaelmas to Lady-day; and if any Lime shall be flaked contrary to the Directions of this Act, every Person so offending shall, for each Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall for the future carry, run, drive, roll, or draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, rolled, or drawn, any Bier, or any Wheel or Wheels,

Foot-pavement. empty Cask or Casks, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or other Carriage whatsoever, or shall ride, lead, or drive, any Horse, Ass, Mule, or other Cattle, Coach, or other Carriage whatsoever, along any Part of the said Foot pavements; then, and in any of the said cases, and so often as they or any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing such Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace of the said City; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before him, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching Offenders to for- such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), and if the Party feir, for first Of- or parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or

fence, 101. &c. upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pav the Sum of ten

Shillings for the first Time of offending; the Sum of twenty Shillings for the second Time of offending; and the Sum of forty Shillings for the third, and every other Time of offending.

XXII. And it is hereby farther enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause to be painted,

engraved, or described in Stone, or otherwise, and to be affixed in a conspicuous Part of one or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings, at or near each End, Corner or Entrance, of each of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages or Places, the Name by which each respective Street, Lane, Square, Yard, Court, Alley, Passage, or Place, is or shall be properly or usually called or known; and may also cause every House, Shop, or Warehouse in each of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards,

Courts, Alievs, Passages and Places, to be marked or numbered in such Manner as they shall judge most

proper for distinguishing the same;

IiroyTng^&c! the same.

and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, pull down, obliterate, or deface any such Names, Descriptions, Marks or Numbers, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

Alteration* in

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall, without Authority from the the not Commissioners, alter, or cause to be altered, the Form of the Pavement of any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, or in any Way incroach thereupon, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, over and above the Expence of relaying and reinstating the same, according to the Directions of the said Commissioners; the said Forfeitures and Expences to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, to be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Commission of such Offence; in which Action or Suit, no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any two House-keepers within the said City gnd Liberties shall make Complaint, in Writing, under their Hands, to the said Commissioners of any Defect or Want of Repair in any of the Pavements of any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, either before or after the same shall have been new-paved or repaired by virtue of this Act; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners shall forthwith cause the Pavement so complained of to be inspected by their Surveyor; and if the same shall, by him, be found defective, and so reported to be to the said Commissioners, unless such Defect shall appear to arise from a Defect in the Water-pipes under such Pavement, they the said Commissioners shall forthwith give Orders to their Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, to repair the same; and if the Contractor or Pavior of the said Commissioners, to whom such Order shall be given, shall not, within four Days next after Receipt thereof, repair the said defective Pavement; then, and in every such Case, the said

Namei of Streets, &c. to be fixed up;

Penalty on de-

the Streets, not to be altered.

Bad Pavements to be repaired.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

C. 29. 165

said Contractor or Pavior shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Day that the said defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired, after the Expiration of the said four Days.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and so often as any Pipe or Pipes, belonging to Payment, whea any of the Water Companies, who furnish any Part of the said City and Liberties with Water, and which the Wate*-pipei now lie, or shall hereafter he laid under Ground, in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, arei|lr0^,ov Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall happen to break, burst, or decay, so as to require Reparation, 10 eU cn up* the Surveyor of the said Commissionrs for the time being, or such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, shall forthwith give, or cause to be given. Notice thereof in Writing, to the Pavior of the Water Company to whom he apprehends the said Pipe or Pipes do belong,

who is hereby required to take up the Pavement, and open the Ground at or near the Place where such Reparation shall appear to be wanting; and if the said ravior shall, upon taking up such Pavement, and opening such Ground, discover that the Pipe or Pipes so broken, burst, or decayed, does not or do not belong to the Water Company whose Pavior he is; then, and in every such Case, he shall forthwith give, or cause to be given. Notice thereof in Writing, to the Pavior of the Company to whom the said Pipe or Pipes shall appear to belong, in which Case, such last mentioned Pavior is hereby required, upon Demand, to make Satisfaction for the taking up such Pavement, and opening such Ground, to the Pavior giving Notice as aforesaid; and the Pavior of such Water Company, to whom the said Pipe or Pipes shall bcl ong, is hvrehy required to cause or procure the said Pipe or Pipes to be repaired, and afterwards to fill up the said Ground, and ram down the same, within two Days next after such Notice to him given; and as soon as such Pipe shall nave been so repaired, and the Ground so filled up and rammed down, he shall g:vc, or catife to be given. Notice thereof, in Writing, to the Pavior or Contractor, for the time being, of the said Commissioners: And if the Pavior of any of the said Water Companies to or for whom such Notice shall be given, or left at his last Place of Abode, shall, by the Space of two Days next after the giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to take up such Pavement, and open such Ground; or, if upon discovering that the Pipe or Pipes so broken, burst, or decayed, doth not or do not belong to the Company whose ravior he is, he shall refuse or neglect to give immediate Notice thereof in Writing to the Pavior of the Company to whom the said Pipe or Pipes doth or do belong; or if the Pavior of the Water Company to whom the said Pipe or Pipes shall belong, shall, by the Space of two Days next after such Notice given to him, or left at his last Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to cause or procure such Pipe or Pipes to be amended and repaired, or afterwards to fill up the Ground so taken up, or to g ve such immediate Notice of his having so done, to the Pavior or Contractor of the said Commissioners for the time being; then, anti in every such Case, tie Person or Persons so reflectively refusing or neglecting, shall, for every such Offence, severally forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and if any Pipe or Pipe?, not belonging to any of the Water Companies, shall happen to break, burst, or decay, as aforesaid, in any of the said Streets, Lanes* Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places; then, and in every such Case, the respective Owner or Owners thereof shall forthwith cause the Ground over the same to be opened, and such Pipe or Pipes to be repaired, and Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Clerk for the time being of the said Commissioners, or, in case of Refusal or Neglect so to do, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and if any Pavement mail be broken or taken up, for the Purpose of making, repairing, or altering any Vault or Drain, or for any other Purpose what-(ocver: then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so breaking or taking up the said Pavement, or causing the same to be so broken or taken up, shall, as soon as the Nature of the Work will permit, cause the Ground to be filled up, and Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Clerk, for the time being, of the said Commissioners, or, in case of Refusal or Neglect so to do, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; and the said Clerk of the said Commissioners shall forthwith, upon every such Notice as aforesaid given to him, or left at the Office of the said Commissioners, at the (Juiidhall of the said City, transmit such Notice, or cause the same to be transmitted to the Pavior or Contractor of the said Commissioners for the time being; and if the said Clerk shall refuse or neglect, by the Space of two Days next after any such Notice as aforesaid given to him, or left at his last Place of Abode, to transmit such Notice, or cause such Notice to be transmitted to the said Pavior or Contractor for the time being of the said Commissioners, or if such Pavior or Contractor, to whom any such Notice as aforesaid shall be so transmitted, shall, by the Space of two Days next after the transmitting of such Notice to him as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to relay and repair the Pavement so broken up; then, and in every such Case, the Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Day such Pavement shall continue unrelayed or unrepaired, after the Expiration of the said two Days.

XXVI. Provided always, That if it shall happen that, at any Time, there shall be no regular or fixed Provifi*. Appointment of a Pavior of any of the Water Companies, in that Case such Notice as aforesaid shall be delivered to, or left at the Office of the Clerk or Secretary of such Company respectively; who shall, in every such case, be substituted in the Room of such Pavior, to all the Intents and Purposes aforesaid.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the several and respective Pa\ iors now employed, or Priori of the hereafter to be employed by the said Water Companies respectively, within the said City or Liberties there- Witer Compa. of, shall, within the Space of thirty Days next after the passing of this Act, or within three Days next No^ced'ihci? after they shall be respectively appointed Paviors to such Company or Companies, give Notice in Writing Kama°&c. to the Clerk for the time being of the said Commissioners of their respective Names and Places of Abode,

and of the Names of the respective Company whose Paviors they are, and of the respective District to which they are appointed; and, in like Manner, the Clerk for the time being of the said Commissioners shall, within the respective Times aforesaid, give Notice to the respective Paviors of the said several Water Companies, of the Names and Places of Abode of the Pavior or Paviors, Contractor or Contractors, for the

1 6 6 C. 2 Q i

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Water Companie* to pay the

arc broken, &c.

Expence of Alteration of the

time being, of the said Commissioners; and if any of the said Paviors, or the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the time being, Ih ill neglect to give such Notice within the respective Times aforesaid, each of them shall, for every such Offence, severally forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Charges and Expences of relaying the Pavement which shall be broken or taken up, for the Purposes of repairing or amend-

Frprrice of new ing any such pjpe or Pipes, shall be reimbursed and paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as Tc'pi"0"1 aPP°*nt to recc*ve the same, by the Clerk or Treasurer for the time being, of the respective Wa-

vunt e ip« ^er Oompanics, to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong; or if the same shall not belong to any of the said Water Companies, then, by the respective Owner or Owners thereof, and the Charges and Expences of relaying the Pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the Purposes of repairing, cleansing, or emptying any Sewer, public Drain, or Vault, or of making any new or additional Grates, or of repairing and altering any old Grates belonging to such Sewer, public Drain, or Vault, shall be defrayed and paid by and out of the Rates to be raised under this Act, for the Purposes of repairing and cleansing the said Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults: And if such Clerk or Treasurer to any of the said Water Companies, or the respective Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes, liable to reimburse and pay such Charges and Expences, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same within ten Days next after Demand thereof in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and left at their respective Dwelling-houses, or last Places of Abode, together with a Bill to be annexed to such Demand, containing an Account of such Charges and Expences; then, and in every such Case, the Money so expended shall and may be recovered by the said Commissioners of and from the Person or Persons so liable thereto, by Action or Actions of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, to be commenced within three Calendar Months next after such Demand respectively; in which Action or Actions, Suit or Suits respectively, no Eiloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That if at any Time it shall be found necessary, for the Purposes of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, raising, altering, repairing, or removing any Sewer or Drain, within the said City or Liberties, or of new-paving, or altering the Pave-ft Jo n fc $ of th i s ment of any the Add Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, to raise, fink, or any otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pipes or Plugs laid down or placed by any of the said Water Companies, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, the Charges attending the lame shall be paid out of the Monies arising, or to arise by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said City and Liberties, and making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults, within the same ^For procuring 4

XXX. And, for the more easily obtaining of Water, in Cases of Fire,' It is hereby further enacted.

Water in Times That the several Water Companies, who shall supply any of the Inhabitants of the said City with Water, Fire. shall, from time to time, within the Space of fourteen Days after the passing of this Act, or within seven

Days after the Appointment of any Turncock or Turncocks, give Notice in Writing to the said Commissioners of the Names and Places of Abode of their respective Turncocks, distinguishing the Districts to 'Names of the which they respectively belongs and if any of the said Companies shall neglect to give such Notice within Turncocks to be the Times aforesaid, they shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; ard delivered in, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, yearly, to cause to be printed and distributed under Forfeiture through every Ward within the said City and Liberties, to and amongst the several Householders within the same, a List of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Turncocks of the District or Districts within which every such Ward respectively shall lie. f

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Autho-

shall think fit, and also to cause any Well or proper 5 and also any Pump or Pumps to be erect, d in or near tuch naccs, and also any rumps now Handing for the Purpose of watering the said Streets, or for any other Purpose, to be removed or altered, and to defray the Expences thereof out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said City and Liberties, and making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults, within the same.

Dull Holes, &c. 4

XXXII. And, for the more effectually cleansing, and keeping clean the said Streets, Lanes, Squares,

hjw to bcmadc. Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places,* It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to cause any Number of moveable or fixed Dust Boxes, Dull Holes, or Conveniencies, wherein Dust and Allies may be deposited for the Scavengers or Rakers, to be erected and placed in such of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, as they shall judge necessary; and the Occupier or Occupiers of Houses or Tenements, within the said City and Liberties, are hereby required, daily and every Day, to cause all their Dust and Allies to be deposited in the said Dust Boxes, Dust Holes, or other Conveniencies, where any such shall be; or, in Default thereof, to keep all such Dust and Allies in their respective Houses or Tenements, or the Appurtenances thereof, until the same shall be removed and carried away, by the respective Rakers to be in this Behalf appointed: And in case any such Persons shall deposit, or caure or permit to be deposited, any Allies or Dust in any Part of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages and Places, except in some of the said Dust Holes, Dust Boxes, or other Conveniencies, where any such shall be, or if any Person or Persons shall lay or deposit, or cause to be laid or deposited, in the said Dust Holes, or Dust Boxes, or any of them, any Dirt, Dung, or Filth, other than Dust or Allies, or shall lay or deposit, or cause or permit to be laid or deposited, any Dirt, Dung, or Filth, in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards,

Courts,

of 40 s.

The Streets to be watered.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 29. 167

Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pav the Turn of ten Shillings.

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement within the Foot-ways to said City and Liberties, and (in respect of Houses let to Inmates) every House Owner shall, once in every be clcanted. Day, before the Hour of ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, ferape, sweep, and cleanse the Foot-way all along the Front of their respective Houses or Tenements, or cause the same to be (craped, swept, and clcank J; and in Defiult thereof shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and p3y the Sum of five Shillings.

XXXIV. And, for the better lighting the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Paf- Struts, &c. how*

sages, and Places/ Be it hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said tobeli&hted. Commissioners, from time to time, to cause such an I so many Lamps to be set up in such Places within the said City and Liberties thereof, and to be placed in such Manner, and at such Distances, as they shall judge necessary; and the said Commissioners shall order and direct at what Time the Lights within the same shall be lighted, and how long they shall continue lighted; and shall, from time to time, give such oth r Orders and Directions in the ricmises as they shall think needful for the well and sufficient lighting the said City and Liberties thereof.

XXXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully take away, Penalty on Per* break, or throw down, or damage any Lamp that now is or hereafter shall be set up for lighting any of the so ns imaging; said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Paffuges, and Places, or wilfully extinguish the LamPs*

Light or Lights within the same, or damage the Irons or other Furniture thereof, it shall and may be law-

saul to and (or any Person or Persons whatsoever who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders; and, by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them to the Custody of a Pence Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace of the said City; and such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any credible Witness or Witnesses who shall appear to be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Oath as aforesaid, he, she, or they so’* convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for each such Lamp so broken, thrown down, or damaged, or for every Light so extinguished as aforesaid; and, moreover, shall make full Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done, as aforesaid: And in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, on Conviction, pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the Bridewell of the said City, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding one Calendar Month; and such Offender or Offenders shall not he discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

XXXVI. And it is hereby further mailed, That in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly or acci- Persons earcftfU/ dentally break, throw down, or damage, any of the said Lamps so set up, or hereafter to be set up as or accidentally aforesaid, or the Irons or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately, upon Demand, make Satis-

faction for the Damage done thereto; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for ^'ake SatU- any one Justice of the Peace of the said City, upon Complaint to him made, by one or more credible faction.

Person or Persons, upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) so summon before him the Party or Parties who shall be complained of for doing such Damage; and, upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs upon Oath, touching the same, or upon the Non-appearance of the Party or Parties so complained of, and summoned, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in case of Refusal or Neglect of the said Party or Parties to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded within three Days next after Demand thereof, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods or Chattels, the Surplus (if any) arising by such Distress and Sale to be paid to him, her, or them.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Lamps which are or shall be put up in any of the said Lamp howto Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, by any Person or Persons, at his or be placed, their own private Expence, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be placed in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, appointed to put this Act into Execution, shall direct.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted 6y the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of the Sewers, Property of the and public Drains and Vaults, and of the Pavements, which, at the Time of passing of this Act, or at Sewer? and any Time or Times thereafter, shall be within the said City and Liberties, and all Materials and Things

t)fed, or to be uftd, in or about the making or repairing thereof, (h ill be, and fame are hereby veiled in c

the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City; and the said CYrnmissioners are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of the said Mayor and Commona’ty and Citizens, or to prtlcr, or order the preferring of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall deal, take, or carry away, any, or any Part of such Materials or Things;

and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciouffy dcllroy, or otherwise damage or spoil, any of the ("aid Materials or Things, or any of the Works dune in pursuance of this Act, or any Part or Parts

thereof, every Person or Persons so offending therein, and being thereof convicted, by the Oath or Oaths

of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace, which Oath or Oaths such

Justice is hereby required to administer, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty

Shillings for the fir(t Time of offending, and the Sum of forty Shillings for the fecund, and the Sum of

five Pounds for every other Time of offending, together with all Costs, Charges, and Expences, in icspect

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

163 C. 29.

A.D. 177r.

Private Drains to be made.

and cleansed.

of such Damage or Spoil as the said Commissioners shall be put unto; such Costs, Charges, and Expences, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Name of the principal Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being, in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall, without the Leave or Licence of the said Commissioners, make or branch any Drain or Drains into any of the said public Sewers, Drains, or Vaults, made, or to be made, by virtue of this Act, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the principal Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being, in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all private Drains which now are, or by Permission of the said Commissioners shall hereafter be made, within any of the public Streets or Passages within the said City or Liberties, and which do or shall issue into any of the public Sewers, Drains, or Vaults, shall be repaired and cleansed under the Inspection and Direction of the Surveyor, or other proper Officer of the said Commissioners, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Lands or Tenements to which the said private Drains do or shall respectively belong.

Rate* for Sewer*

XLI. And be it further enacted, That for defraying the Expence of paving, cleansing, and lighting the and Parcment. said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing Annoyances therein, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering and removing, all or any the Common Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults, within the said City and Liberties, one or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall, at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall think fit to order and direct, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any seven or more of them, be made, laid, and assessed in the several Wards of the said City, by the Aldermen or their Deputies respectively, and the major Part of the Common Councilmen of each Ward, upon all and every Person and Persons, who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, possess, or enjoy, any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement or Hereditament within the said several Wards, and who, by the Laws now in being, are, or shall be liable to be rated towards the Relief of the Poor, in the respective Parishes where he, she, or they shall respectively live or reside, for raising such competent Sum and Sums of Money, as the said Commissioners shall, from time to time, judge needful and direct, so as such Rates or Assessments do not in any one Year exceed, in the Whole, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound, of the yearly Rents of such of the said Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, as shall be situate in any Street, Lane, Square, Yard, Court, Alley, Passage, or Place, actually begun to be new-paved by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, or of any former Act of Parliament, and one Shilling in the Pound of the yearly Rents of such of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, as shall not be so situate; such Rates respectively to be from time to time ascertained by the Rates at which such respective Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements or Hereditaments shall be, from time to time, assessed towards the Land Tax.

Major Part of

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the major cuToTo^ound ^art Common Council of each respective Ward, from time to time, to compound with the Owner

forRateToa00 or Owners, Landlord or Landlords, of any House or Houses within the said Streets and Places to be rated Houses, &c. as aforesaid, the annual Rent or Value whereof shall be under ten Pounds, for the Rate or Assessment by this Act authorised to be laid upon such House or Houses, so as in such Composition there be not remitted to any such Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners respectively, more than one half of the Rate to be laid upon such House or Houses respectively.

XLIII. Provided also, and whereas the Farmers or Lessees of the public Markets, within the said City and Liberties, were, by their Leases thereof, or otherwise, bound and liable to pave, cleanse, and light the said Markets; and whereas the Expence of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Markets, greatly exceeds the Rate of one Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound of the respective Rents at which the said Markets Hand rated towards the Land Tax ;' Be it further enacted, That the said Farmers or Lessees, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall from time to time, upon Demand of the said Commissioners, or their principal Clerk for the time being, pay into the Chamber of London all such Sum or Sums of Moneyas the said Commissioners shall actually expend in or about the paving, cleansing, and lighting, the said Markets respectively; which said Sum or Sums of Money shall or may from time to time, in case of Refusal or Neglect to pay the same, be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or within the said City, in the Name of the said principal Clerk for the time being; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from time to time, to compound and agree with the Farmers or Lessees of the said Markets for a certain Sum of Money, in lieu and stead of the Sums to be rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, the Account of which Composition shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose.

XLV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if it shall happen that any of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements within the said City and Liberties, shall, at the Time of making any of the said Rates or Assessments, be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Aldermen of the Ward where such Premises shall lie, or his 2 Deputy,

Lessee* of Mailo «ts to pay the Rates,

The Farmers and Lessees of Markets, to be compounded with.

How empty Houses shall be atfclled.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 29. 169

Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the said Ward, to rate and afllfs the said P,c-m:fcs at the Times the said Commissioners shall direct as aforesaid; and in such Case, as well as in case the said Premises shall, after the making such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, become empty, untenacted, or unoccupied, one half of every such Rate or Afllflment shall be charged on such Premises respectively, and be paid by the first Tenant or Occupier thereof, who shall and may, and is hereby authored to deduct and detain the same out of his or her Rent, and the Landlord or Owner or Owners of such Premises is and aie hereby required to allow such Dedu6tions and Payments upon Receipt of the Refulue of his, her, or their respective Rents, and the said Tenant or Occupier shall he, and is hereby acquitted and discharged of and for so much of his or her Rent, as the Rate or Assessments, so paid by him or her, shall amount unto.

XLVI. And whereas many Houses in several of the Wards of the said City, arc, by the several Landlords FWcsict out u or Owners thereof, let out to poor Tenants, or in Lodgings or Tenements to divers Tenants, whereby Lovi^n.s, how it will be difficult to rate or assess the said Tenants, in respect of such Houses, or to recover such Rates to bcaiUifcJ.

and Assessments when made;’ For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Alderman of each respective Ward, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the said Ward, at the Times the said Commissioners shall direct as aforesaid, to rate and assess, in every such Rate or Assessment, the Owner or Owners of all such Houses or Tenements as shall be so let for a less Rent than ten Pounds per Annuity or occupied by two or more Tenants, which Rate or Assessment shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Houses or Tenements, or of any Part or Parts thereof, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Houses or Tenements, or of any Part or Parts thereof, and the Occupier or Occupiers of whom the same shall be demanded, is and are hereby authorised and required to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so rated or a ill-tied upon the Owner or Owners thereof, and to deduct the same out of his, her, or their respective Rents, and the Landlord and Landlords, or Owner or Owners of such Houses or Tenements, is and are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments, upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their Rents; and every such Occupier paying such Assessment or Assessments, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, as the said Assessment or Assessments, so paid by him or her, shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons to whom his or her Rent shall be due and payable; and in Default of Payment of the said Rate or Rajes,

Afllflment or Assessments, the same shall be and remain a Charge upon the said Premises, and shall and may be recovered of and from the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners thereof respectively, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster% or within the said City, to be commenced and prosecuted determined by the said Commissioners, in the Name of their principal Clerk for the time being; in which Action or ouit, no Protection, Lfloin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XL

VII. And whereas several Manufactures, Trades, Occupations, and Callings, necessarily take up Qwnm of large € and require great Room, by reason whereof the Persons concerned therein are obliged to pay large Rents, Warehouses, *c. c and it may be a great and intolerable Hardship upon such Persons to be rated to the full Extent of their may be relieved respective Rents, towards the Purposes of this A.lt; and whereas it may be reasonable to excuse feme by Commission- Persons from the Payment of the aforesaid Rates and Assessments, in the Whole, or in Part, on accounter,#

of their Poverty;’ For Relief therefore, in such cases, it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in any of the Cases aforesaid, any Person or Persons may apply to the said Commissioners by Petition, in Writing, setting forth the Circumstances of his, her, or their Case, giving Notice to the Alderman of the Ward wherein such Rate or Assessment shall have been made, or his Deputy; and such Petition shall be taken into Consideration by the said Commissioners, at their next public Meeting, of which the Alderman of the Ward, or his Deputy, shall have special Notice; and if it shall then appear to the said Commissioners, upon hearing the said Petitioner or Petitioners, that the said Petitioner or Petitioners is or are inti -tied to Relief, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to award the said Petitioner or Petitioners such Relief as they the said Commissioners shall think iuft and reasonable.

XLVII. Provided always, That if the Alderman, or his Deputy, or the major Part of the Common Councilmen of such Ward, shall think such Award unjust or unreasonable, or if the Party or Parties concerned shall think him, or herself, or themselves aggrieved by such Award, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of them to appeal from such Award to the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, who shall hnally determine whether the said Petitioner or Petitioners is or are intitled to any, and what Relief in the Premises.

XLIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall, in respect wharfs, &c. of any Wharf, or of any Warehouse, Vault, or Cellar upon any Wharf, not fronting any Street or Lane, how to be-i* he raied or afllfllJ, or be liable to pay more than two-thirds of the Rates or Assessments herein before feded. directed to be rated and aflcflld on Lands, Honks, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, and other Te-xif rents, within the llvcral Wards of the said City of London; but the Alderman of the Ward where any Ground, which shall be claimed to be a Wharf, shall lie, or his Deputy, and the Common Councilmen of such Ward, or the major Part of them, shall, and they are hereby directed and imnow’ered to conform to and pursue such Determination as they shall respectively receive from the said Commissioners, and which ru* L.d Commissioners are hereby impowered and required to signify by their principal Clerk for the time l»r ng. in Writing, as to what Part of the said Ground ought to be deemed a Wharf, within the Intent and Meaning hereof, and shall rate and alllfs the lame accordingly; any Thing herein before contained to the entirra'y thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

*7°

C.

29*

A.D. 1771.

Books relating to the Poors Rates, to be examined.

Church's and rublic Birllinp*, Meetin^-houser, a: d void Spaces of Ground, to be assessed,*

Tenets ro Kof-

F’ «'ils to be af« kiled.

The pavements belorg,r>>{ to Cathedral Church of Saint f‘aol to be at*

L. And, in order to enable the several Aldermen of the said City, or their refneflive Deputies, and also the said Commissioners, to form proper Judgement of any Rate or Rates made* or to be made, in pursuance of this Act, and to grant proper Relief,* Be it further enacted, That the said Aldermen, or their respective Deputies, and also the said Commissioners, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to cause any of the Books of the Assessment of the Land Tax, within the said City or Liberties, and also any of the Books of the Assessments of the Rates towards the Relief of the Poor* within any of the Parishes within the same, to be brought before them, or any of them, and to take Copies of such Books, or any Part thereof, as they or any of them shall think fit, without Fee or Reward; and if any Person or Persons, in whose Custody or Power any of the said Books shall be, shall refuse or neglect to attend the said Aldermen or their Deputies respectively, or their said Commissioners, with such Book or Books, or so permit them, or any of them, to take Copies thereof as aforesaid; theh, and in every such Case, every Person who shall so refuse or neglect shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the oum of forty Shillings.

LI. And, forasmuch as it is reasonable, that all public Buildings (fiospitals excepted) and all dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, should be rated and assessed in a due Proportion towards the paving, cleansing, and lighting the said City and the Liberties thereof, and the making and altering the public Sewers, Drains, and vaults, within the same,* It is hereby further enacted, That it shall aird may be lawful to and for the Alderman of each Ward within the said City and Liberties, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Councilmen of such Ward, and they are hereby required, at such Time as the Rates and Assessments herein before directed to be made by them, by Order of the , shall, from time to time, be made, to rate and assess towards the said Purposes, all Parish Churches, Churchyards, Chapels, Meeting-houses, and odier public Buildings whatsoever, not charged to the Land Tax, and all void Spaces of Ground, situate, lying, and being within their Ward, other than and except the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, and the Church yards and Ground within the Iron Rails cn-compnfHng the said Cathedral Church, at such Rate as the Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or the H inds and Seals of any seven or more of them, shall order and direct, for every square Yard of such Churches, Church-yards, Chapels, Meeting-houses, public Buildings, and void Spaces of Ground, not exceeding the Rate of Four-pence per square Yard; and also to rate and assess all dead Walls within their Wards, towards the Purposes aforesaid, at such Rate as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, in Manner aforesaid, for every Yard running Measure of such dead Walls, not exceeding the Rate of Sixpence per Yard; such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so to be, from time to time, made upon any Parish Church, Church-yard, or Chapel, to be paid by their respective Church or Chapel Wardens 5 and the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so to be made, from time to time, upon any Meeting-house within the said City or Liberties, to be paid by the Minister or Deacons, or other Person usually officiating therein: And if such Church or Chapel Wardens, Minister, Deacons, or other Person, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same upon Demand; then, and in every such Case, such Rate or Rates* Assessment or Assessments, mall and may be recovered of and from the Person or Persons so required to pay the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or within the said City, to be commenced and prosecuted in the Name of the principal Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being, in which Action or Suit no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed: And in Default of Payment of such Rate or Rates* Assessment or Assessments, by the Minister or Deacons of such Meeting-house, or the Person or Persons officiating the rein, the same shall be and remain a Charge upon such Meeting-house, and shall and may be recovered by such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, as aforesaid, against the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners thereof;, and such Rate or Rates, Assessment or AJfeflmencs, so to be from time to time made upon any public Building (not being an Hospital) or upon any dead Wall or void Space of Ground, shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof; and in case the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any such void Space of Ground, shall not be known, or cannot be found, then the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be thereon made, shall be advanced by the Chamberlain of the City of London for the time being, out of the Cash of the said City in his Hands, and the said Ground shall be and remain a Security to the said Chamberlain and his Successors for Repayment of all Rates fi) to be by him advanced.

LII. Provided always, and whereas several Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements or Hereditaments, within the said City and Liberties, belonging to some of the public Hospitals thereof, are or may be by Law exempted from being assessed towards the Land 'Fax, in respect of the Rents payable to the f.iid Hospitals/ Be it enacted, That at all Times aficr the passing of this Act, the Tenants or Occupiers of all such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, shall be assessed, and pay towards the Purposes of this Act, at such Rates respectively, in the same Proportion, and to the full Extent as other Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses* Cellars, Vaults, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, within the said City and Liberties, are or shall be a fib lied, without any Exemption or Deduction in respect of the Rent or Rents which is, are, or shall be payable to the said Hospitals, or the Governors thereof\ any Thing herein before contained, or any other Law or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LIII. And whereas, before the passing of the said Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty, the Pavement then lying between the Fence of the Church-yard belonging to the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul\ in the said City of London, and the Channels of the several Streets and Ways adjoining to and surrounding the said Church, contained two thousand two hundred and forty square Yards, and the Charges and Expences of repairing, cleansing, and lighting the same, was then paid out of the Interest and ve rly

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. G, 29. ijt

Produce of the Surplus-money of certain Duties on Coals, granted by divers Acts of Parliament, and vested in the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of the City of

London for the time being ;* Be it hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Alderman of the Ward of Cajllebaynard, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Council of

the said Ward, and they are hereby required, when, and at such Times as the Rates and Ass llrrents herein before directed to be made shall, from time to time, be made, to rate and act'efs the said Cathedral Church towards the paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts,

Alleys, Parages, and Places, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the common Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults within the said City and Liberties, at such Rate as the said Aid erman, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Council of the said Ward, shall judge reasonable, not exceeding the Rate of one Shilling and Three-pence by the Year fur every square Yard of the said Pavement now kept in Repair, out of the Interest of such Trust-monies as aforesaid; and that such Rates or Assessments so to be, from time to time, made on the said Cathedral Church as aforesaid shall be paid by the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of the said City of London for the time being, or their Treasurer, or other proper Officer, out of the Interest and Produce of the said Surplus-monies so vested in them, upon the Trusts and for the Purposts aforesaid.

LIV. And whereas it would be a great Accommodation to the Public, without any Diminution of the Tf,c Ground,

Grandeur or Beauty of the said Cathedral Church of Saint Pauly if the Ground, Area, or Space in the Arc*, or So^ce,

West F row thereof, now inclosed with an Iron Rail or Fence, or some Part thereof, was to be opened >ntWui and laid into the Street ;* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said 0: 6i:nt commissioners under this Act to treat and agree with the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Bishop of

London, and Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, Trustees for the Fabric of me said Cathedral jn.;, the*public Church, or any two of them, and with the Dean and Chapter of the said Cathedral Church for the time Sirccu being, (who Are hereby severally authorised and impowered to contract with the said Commissioners accordingly) for opening and laying into the said public Street all or any Part of the said Ground, Aica, or Space, lying Westward of the great Steps leading up to the said Church, (except that Part encompassed with an Iron Rail, whereon the Statue of the late Queen Anne is erected) and the said Commissioners :\rt hereby authorised and impowered, by and out of the Monies arising from the Rates and Assessments to be < made by virtue of this Act, for paving, lighting, and cleansing the said City and Liberties, to make such Compensation for the same to the said Trustees, as shall be agreed for; and thereupon to cause the said Ground, Area, or Space (except as before excepted) or so much thereof as shall be so agreed for, to be opened and laid into the public Street; any Law or Prescription to the contrary thereof in any wise noc-withstanding.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Alderman of Parrin^don inns of Court Ward Without, for the time being, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the be rated* said Ward, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to rate and act'efs, in every such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, the several Inns of Court and Chancery herein after named, in the several and respective Sums herein after mentioned, as a Composition for the Repairs of the Pavements which they have respectively sustained; that is to say. The Inner Temple, in the Sum of two Pounds two Shillings per Annum; the Middle Temple, in the Sum of six Pounds six Shillings per Annum; Serjeants Inn in Chancery *Lane, in the Sum of ten rounds per Annum; and also to rate and act'efs the several Inns of Chancery herein after named, in the several and respective Sums herein after mentioned 5 that is to say, Staples Iun, in the Sum of fourteen Pounds ter Annum; FurnivaPs Inn, in the Sum of twenty Pounds per Annum;

Bernard's Inn, in the Sum of fix rounds^rr Annum \ Clifford s Inn, in the Sum of two Pounds two Shilling* per Annum 5 which Rates or AIT Aments shall be paid by the Treasurer, Principal, or other proper Officer of the said Inns of Court and Inns of Chancery respectively; and in Default of Payment may be sued for and recovered in like Manner as the Rates and Assessments upon Parish Churches, Church-yards, and Chapels, are herein before directed to be levied and recovered.

LVI. And whereas there are and hereafter may be several new Streets and Places, which are not paved, street? in build* Part of which are or may be built and in building, and small Pieces or Parcels of Ground in several of the in-, n .»>

Streets, Lanes, Squares, Courts, Yards, Alleys, PafTiges, or Places, within the said City and Liber- comiouadid for* tics, unbuilr, which are neither paved, cleansed, or lighted; and whereas it would be a Means of greatly

forwarding the good Purposes intended by this Act, if Builders or others. Owners of Lands or Houses in such new Streets or Places, were to pay such Sum or Sums of Money towards the new-paving the same, as is herein after directed, to the said Commissioners Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to view and inspect any such Street, Lane, Square, Yard, Court,

AILy, Passage, or Place, which now is, or hereafter may be built upon or building upon; and if, upon such View, they shall he of Opinion that the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, is or are fit and proper to be paved, the said Commissioners, at any Meeting after such View, shall and may order their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them appointed for that Purpose, to give Notice to the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, of any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Ware-house, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Tenement, or Hereditament, in any such Street, Lane,

Souare, Yard, Court, Alley, Passage, or Place, or leave the same at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, or wi:h his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, or if no such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, can be found, then such Notice shall be (luck against the said rremifts, or any conspicuous Part thereof; which Notice shall require such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, to meet such Commissioners at the Time and Place therein mentioned, not being kfs than fourteen Days from the Date of such Notice, ou compound for the paving thereof, at

172 C. 29.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Breach of Contract.

20 8.

Recovery of Bates against any Sum not exceeding three Shillings for every square Yard of such Pavement, whether Carriage-way or Foot-way, which Composition the said Commissioners, at their public Meeting, are hereby authorised t<y* make; and if such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, shall not attend, or shall not compound or agree with the said Commissioners as aforesaid; then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at their public Meeting, to order the same to be paved as soon as conveniently can be, and all the Charges and Expences attending such paving shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster% or within the said City, in the Name of the principal Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being, in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of LaW, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Not to vacate

LVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be any Agreement deemed or taken to make void any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement between Landlord and Tenant, between Kand^. touching or concerning any Matter or Thing to be done or performed in pursuance of this Act; and in 01 an Cnant*case any Difptite shall arise concerning such Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall have Power to hear and finally determine the same.

Commissioner*

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

may compound from time to time, and at all Times hereafter, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against wh(,m l^e Commissioners shall bring, or catrfe to be brought, any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, for any Penalty or Forfeiture contained in any Contraft or Contrafts hereafter to be made or entered into in pursuance of this Act, on account of any Breach or Non-performance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, so as the Sum so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of such Contraft or Contrafts; and all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby, and so as such Composition doth not extend to remit more than one half of the said Penalty or Forfeiture.

Persons refuting

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons against whom Complaint shall be made or negicaiRgto to any one Gf the said Aldermen, touching any Offence or Offences to be committed against this Act, shall a^nd aic^r m neglect or refuse, after three Days Notice served upon him, her, or them, for that Purpose, to attend such

nee, to 01 ei Alderman, at the Time and Place for which he, she, or they shall have Notice to attend, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, upon the Oath of anyone or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath any one of the said Aldermen is hereby authorised and required to administer) forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay any Rate or

Assessment to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall become a Bankrupt or Bankrupts before

to or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the Money then due and owing for such Kates and

pay the time] ° Assessments, then, and in every such Case, the Assignee or Assignees of his, her, or their Estate and Ef-becoming Bank- fefts, or other Person or Persons possessing the same, shall, out of such Estate and Effects, after paying to the itpta. petitioning Creditor or Creditors, his, her, or their Costs of filing out and prosecuting the Commission against any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in the next place, pay unto the Chamberlain of the said City of London, for the time being, all such Sums of Money as were due for such Rates and Assessments at the Time of the suing out any such Commission against him, her, or them respectively, or so much thereof as the said Estate and Effects will extend to pay; and the Receipt of the said Chamberlain shall be a good Discharge for the said Money, and every Assignee and Assignees, or other Person as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit commenced or brought against him, her, or them, plead or give in Evidence the Payment of the same, and shall be allowed such Payment out of the Estate or Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, prior to any other Debt or Demand whatsoever (except as before is excepted); and in case of Non-payment of the same, by the Space of one Calendar Month after the same shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to commence and prosecute one or more Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, for the same, in the Name of the principal Clerk of the said Commissioners for the time being, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or within the said City, against such Assignee or Assignees, or other Persons as aforesaid. (

LXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Alderman, or his Deputy, and the major Part of the Common Councilmen, for the time being, in each Ward, within the said City or Liberties, are hereby required to set down in Writing, and sign two Duplicates of the Rates and Assessments, which they shall, from time to time, make by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid; in which shall be expressed the Names of the Collectors who shall be appointed to collect the same, one of which Duplicates shall, within ten Days next after the making thereof, be deposited by the Beadle of the said Ward in the Office of the Chamberlain of the said City of London^ where the same (hdl remain, and every Citizen of London, liable to be rated by virtue of this Act, shall and may have free Access thereto at all convenient Times, and be permitted to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and the Person or Persons neglecting to deposit such Duplicates, in the Manner or within the Time aforesaid, or tefufing to permit such inspection as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

Coikflors, how

LXII. And, to the End that the said several Rates and Assessments may be fully and completely raised o be appointed, and paid for the Purposes aforesaid,’ it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Alderman, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Councilmen of each Ward, at the Court of Wardmote to be holden upon or near the Feast-day of Saint Thomas the Apostle, for the Choice of Ward Officers, to return to the said Wardmote the Names and Places of Abode of a competent Number of substantial Inhabitants of such Ward, of whom so many as the said Alderman, or his Deputy, and the tnajor Part of the said Common Councilmen, shall think fit and diicft, not exceeding half the Number of

Duplicates of Rates, how to be made.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 29. 173,

Persons so returned, shall be chosen and appointed at the said Wardmote to be Collectors of the said Rates and Assessments for one whole Year from the said Feast-day of Saint Thomas the Apostle to the same day then next following, and so yearly, and from Year to Year: And the said Collectors for the time being are hereby authorised and required, in the respective Wards for which they shall be so chosen Collectors, to collect and receive, from time to time, such of the said Rates, Assessments, and Sums of Money, as shall be due and payable by virtue of this Act, of and from all Persons liable to pay the same; and all Persons who, by virtue of this Act, shall be charged therewith, or be liable thereunto, are hereby required to pay such Rates or Assessments unto such respective Collectors for the time being accordingly; such Collectors, from time to time, giving Receipts for the same gratisy if thereunto required, and which they are hereby enjoined to do, upon Request: And every such Collector who shall be so chosen shall, at the Ward- Collectors to mote at which he shall be chosen as aforesaid, or within the Space of twenty Days then next ensuing, before ukc an the Alderman of the Ward for which he shall be so chosen Collector, or his Deputy, take and subscribe the following Oath, or, being one of the People called Quakers, make and subscribe the following solemn Affirmation, for the true and faithful Execution of the said Office.

C1 T A.B. do swear (or solemnly affirm) that I will, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, The Oxtfc*.

X well and truly perform and execute the Office of a Collector within the Ward of 4i according to the Directions and true Intent of an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, /ir consolidating* extending, and rendering more effectual*

the Powers granted by several Atts of Parliament, for makings enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults,

Drains, and Savers within the City of London and Liberties thereof and for taving, cleansing, and lighting 11 the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleyr, PoJJagesy and Places, and preventing and removing Ob-€i Jltufl ions and Annoyances within the same"

Which Oath, or Affirmation, shall be administered without Fee or Reward by the Alderman of each respective Ward for the time being, or his Deputy: And if any Collector chosen in pursuance of this Act shall refuse or neglect to take the said Oath, or (hieing one of the Persons called Quakers) to make the said’. Affirmation, or to take upon himself the said Office, or after having taken upon himself the said Office, shall refuse or neglect to serve and execute the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and shall, nevertheless, continue liable to be chosen into the said Office again the Year following, or at any other Time, and shall be liable to the like Penalty so often as he shall thereupon refuse or neglect to take upon him, and duly to execute the same.

LXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and as often as any Person shall refuse or neglect m can? of Refu-to take upon him the said Office, or to execute the same when chosen, or mall die, or remove out of the fa 1 or Neglect 10 Ward in and for which he shall be so chosen and appointed, before he has fini(hcd his Collection, then, ukc the Office, and in every or any such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Alderman of such Ward for the £ee time being, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the said Ward, by Ap- may arroicii. pointment under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint some other lit and proper Person within oikwi/ such Ward to collect the said Rates therein, or such Sum or Sums of Money as shall remain due and unpaid thereof; and if such other Person so appointed shall refuse or neglect to take and subscribe the said Oath, or (being one of the Persons called Quakers) to make the said Affirmation, or to serve and execute the said Office, then, and in every such last mentioned Case, every Person so refusing or neglecting shall be liable to the like Penalty of fifty Pounds, as if he had been ebofen into the said Office at the Wardmote as aforesaid.

LXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall p?Koni notto extend, or be construed to oblige any Person or Persons to serve the said Office of Collector, who, by the lirvt' who are bj-> Laws now in being, is or are exempted from serving any Ward Office. Llw

LXV. Presided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That if the Alderman of any Ward of the said On Refusal «>r City, or his Deputy, a d the major Part of the Common Councilmen of such Ward, shall at any time Neglect of Aire fuse or neglect to do and perform all or any of the Matters and Things which they are hereby respectively toc directed or impowered to door perform, within the Space of fourteen Days next after they shall rclpcc-lively be ordered or required to door perform the same by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of this Act; p,nvrrci toexe* or if any Matter or 1'hing so directed to be done or performed, shall not or cannot legally be done within cute the same. the Lid fourteen Days, then, and in any such Case, so often as the same shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and ditested to do and perform all such Matters and Things, as fully and effectually as the Aldermen of the respective Wards, or their Deputies, and the major Part of the Common Council of such Wards, might or could do or perform the same, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case it shall, at any Time or Times rf no C llcftor hereafter, happen that no Collector, or sufficient Number of Collectors of the Rates and Assessments, Hi all appointed, Combe chosen and appointed in any Waid of this City, in Manner herein before directed, then, and in every m:,r,onr,» to »p- -such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and difeftcJ to nominate and appoint fit and able Persons, being Inhabitants of such Ward, to collect and receive the said Rates and AUliiments; which Persons, to be nominated and appointed by toe laid Commissioners, shall, and they are hereby impowered and enjoined to collect and pay the same into the Lid Chamber of London, and to do and perform all other Matters and Things which the Colkftors nominated and appointed by, 01 at the Wardmote of such Ward, are hereby before authorised to do or

perform,

174- C. 29.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A. 15. 177c.

penalty on Sugar-bakers and Soap-boilns throwing Lime

perform, and shall be subject and liable to the same Penalties for Neglect of Duty as such last mentioned Collectors are herein before made subject or liable to; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Time for Night

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfotl or Persons shall come with any Night Cart or Cam, *c. h- Carts, or begin to empty any Bog-house or Bog-houses, or to take away any Night-foil from any House wired. or Houses within any of the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places within the said City and Liberties, before the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Night, or shall continue to take away such Soil after the Hour of Five in the Morning; or if any Person or Persons shall put or cast any such Soil, or wilfully or negligently permit the same to run out of any Cart, Tub, or Pail, or otherwise into any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Constable, Beadle, or Watchman, (and they, and each and every of them, is hereby required and enjoined so to do) and to and for every or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to apprehend the Person or Persons so offending, and to carry him, her, or them, to one of the Compters of the said City, the Keepers whereof respedirely ore hereby required to take such Offender or Offenders into Custody, and thereafter, as soon as conveniently may be, convey him, her, or them, before one or rtiore of the Aldermen of the said City, who, upon Oath made of such Offence or Offences respectively (which Oath such Alderman or Aldermen is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) shall and may commit such Offender or Offenders to the Brideunll of the said City, for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor less than ten Days, there to be kept to hard Labour; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to order any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be paid out of the said Rates to be raised by virtue of this Act, to the Person or Persons by whom the said Offender or Offenders shall be so detected, apprehended, and conveyed to aoe of the said Compters.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Sugar-baker, Sugar-refiner, Soap-boiler or Soap-maker, or any other Person or Persons, shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, any Lime or Clay used in his, her, or their Trade, in any of the public Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, raffles, rCia into the or Places within the said City, or Liberties thereof, and suffer the same to remain for any longer Time Stree^t.10 ° than }S necessary for the Purpose of loading or carting away the same; or shall deposit or throw, or permk or suffer to be deposited or thrown, any such Lime or Clay in or mt > any of the Channels within the said City or Liberties; then, and in every such Case, every such Sugar-baker, Sugar-refiner, Soap-boiler, Soap-maker, or other Person or Persons so'offending, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third and every ocher Offence, the Sum of five Pounds.

Rare fbrtepair-

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That for defraying the Expence of repairing and deanfing the inland cleansing public Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, which now are or hereafter shall be within the said City and Liberties, -n t keePing,n it shall and m3y be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of seven or mord of them, to make, lay, and assess one or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, possess, or enjoy any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenements or Hereditaments, within the said City or Liberties, for raising such competent Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall, from time to time, think needful; so as such Rates or Assessments do not, in anyone Year, exceed the Sum of Four-pence in the Pound of the real yearly Rack Rents of the said Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements or Hereditaments respectively: And the several and respective Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of all such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, Tenements or Hereditaments, who shall be rated for the Purpose daft above mentioned, are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be rated upon him, her, or them, in respect of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Te-nements or Hereditaments respectively, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall, from time to time, appoint to collect and receive the same, and to dedud the same out of his, her, or their Rent $ and the Landlord or Landlords, mediate and immediate, according to their respective Interests, are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments, upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rents.

Commissioners

LXX. And, to the End that the said last mentioned Rates and Assessments may be fully rated and to appoint Col- paid, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and Mo*. they are hereby directed, from time to time, to nominate and appoint a substantial Person or Persons to collect the said Rates and Assessments; and shall and may allow unto such Collector or Collectors such reasonable Recompence or Satisfaction for his or their Trouble therein as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet.

LXXI. And whereas there are several Places within the said City and Liberties which are mot subject to the Jurisdiction thereof, but m which the Commissioners of Sewers for the said City and Liberties have exercised the Power of repairing and cleansing the public Sewers, Vaults, and Drams, and of assessing the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, and other Hereditaments, towards the Expence thereof, in the same Manner as the Inhabitants of the said City and Libertie s have been assessed \ Be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from time to time, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, at any public Meeting, to order and direct the repairing and cleansing all and every the public Sewers, Vaults, and Drains, within the Places aforesaid, when and as often as the said Commissioners shall judge fit and necessary, and also to make such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, as aforesaid, for defraying the Expences thereof, on the several Tenants or Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses,

Repair Sowers ad Drains,

Commissioners to repair and

clean re Sewers, < See. in certain € Places out of the Liberties of the City. 4

A.D. 177

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

0.29; 175

houses, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, within the said several Places, to be in like Manner deducted by and allowed to them by their respective Landlord or Landlords.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Sugar-baker or Sugar-refiner. Soap-boiler or Soap* Sug*r*b«ker*f maker, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall convey, throw, or cause, or permit, or fufter to be*c. not to conveyed or thrown, any Lime or Clay used in his, her, or their Trade, into any of the public Sewers, !hrow L,rne Drains, or Vaults, which now arc, or hereafter may be made, within the said City and Liberties, or !neo, IUo e any public Sewer, Drain, or Vault, without the said Liberties, which have been, or now are, or shall hereafter be under the Management or Diregion of the said Commissioners, every such Sugar-bnker or Sugar-refiner, Soap-boiler or Soap-maker, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds; and shall also pay all such Colls, Charges,

Dam igcs, and Expences, which the said Commissioners shall or may be put unto for or on account of the opening, lcouiing, cleansing, closing up, and paving over the Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, Vault or Vaults, into which the same shall be by him, her, or them, conveyed or thrown into as aforesaid, to Vc recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at // *jlm\rf}:ry or within the said City, in the Name of the principal Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being; in which Action or Suit, no Protection, Effom, or Wager of Law, 01* more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall, and Account to be they are hereby required to keep a separnte and distinct Account of a!l the Money raised for the Purposes kept for cican-of cleansing and supporting of all public Sewers, Vaults, and Drains, and the Expenditure thereof. !*ng "nJ rrpair-

LXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any Person or Persons, who shall be *ng c*

rated or affcflbd by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall, by the Space of ten Days next after his her,

or their respective Rate or Rates, Aflblfment or Assessments, shall be due and demanded by the Collector distrain in ofc or Collectors authorised and appointed to collect and receive the same (such Demand being either personally or nv».pomade to the retpeciive lYrfon or Persons so charged, or left in Writing at his, hjr, or their respective House or Huufcs, or Place or Places of Abode); then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, every or any of them, having a Warrant or Warrants under the*

Hand and Seal of the said Commissioners, or any three of them, (which Warrant or Warrants the said Collector and Collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the said Commissioners, or any three of them, are hereby authorised and required to grant) and, with the Assistance of a Constable, or other Peace-officer of the Ward, County, City, or Liberty, where the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting shall rtfiJc, to enter his, her, or their House or Houses, Apartment or Apartments, and then and' there to ciilirain his, her, or their Goods and Chattels; and if the same shall not be replevied, or such Rare or Afkiiment paid, within five Days next after such Distress made, together with the Co(b and Charges thereof, men to appraise and fell so much and such Part of the said Goods and Chattels as shall be (ulfi-cient to pay the said Rate or Assessment, with the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels ;. the said Coils and Charges to be settled and allowed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, who shall haver granted such Warrant or Warrants respectively.

LXXV. Provided always, That no such Distress shall, by virtue of this Act, be made out of the Limits of Warrant of the said City, and Liberties thereof, unless such Warrant or Warrants respectively shall be first backed or Din, ef* to be countersigned by feme Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty, where such Distress is proposed to be backed-made; which Warrant or Warrants any Magistrate who shall be applied to for that Purpose shall forthwith back or countersign, without Fee or Reward.

LXX

VI. And be it further enacted, That where any such Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Dinars not to* Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party be ic^n^i un-or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Default or Want of ,‘w,wl *orw'n5 Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Tref- J^r

pallors tib initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties a^med a uiftraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such liregularity may recover lull Satisfaction for the pjitcc ub initio. Special Damage by an Action on the Case.

LXXVII. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irrcgu- pbintlfinot to lariiy, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall t>c made by or on the Behalf nr.avrr »t Ten. of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Tref- <t=r of Aa»cni» pass, or wrongful Proceedings before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been l!nwac* nude, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or JX-fendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before llfue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think hr, whereupon such Proceedings or Orders and Judgements shall be had* made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court

LXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any such Collector or Collectors shall refuse or ne- PerfoM n rtfrCf* gleet to apply for such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, or to make such Distress and Sale pursuant to ,ni &ulT' the Directions of this Act, except in Cases where such Distress shall be dispensed with by the Alderman, >nr, olini!or or his Deputy, and the major Part of the Common Councilmen of each respective Ward, by Writing under their Hands, in respect of the Poverty of the Party or Parties afllffed, such Collector or Collectors 5i,

shall, for every such Retuial or Neglect, forfeit and pny the Sum of five Pounds; and if any Justice of the Peace, upon such Application to him made, to back or coumerfigu such Warrant or Warrants as afore-

faicJ>

176

Fcccmen, not paying the Ratef, incapable of noting at Elec-tioa*.

Appeal to the Commissioner*

allowed.

Commissionera to hear and determine Complaints of Inhabitants. upon any Deficiency of Rate, or Onaiffion.

The Money collected 10 be paid into the Cham-beilain’s Office.

Collegers to dehvtr in an Ak ci, unt in "Wtiling tinder tho;r Hands.

C. 29. Anno imdecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

said, shall refuse or neglect so to do, such Justice shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and if any Constable, being called upon by any Collector or Collectors, having such Warrant or Warrants, shall refuse or neglect to aid and assist him or them in making such Distrcu and Sale, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

LXXIX. And, for the more effectual enforcing the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments for the Purposes aforesaid,’ It is hereby further enacted, That if any Freeman of London, liable to pay the said Rates and Assessments, or any Re-assessments which shall and may be made in the Cases herein before or after mentioned, shall have neglected or refused to pay the same, or any Part thereof, after such Demand as aforesaid; or if any such Freeman shall, for or in respect of Poverty or Inability, have desired to be excused, and accordingly shall have been excused, from paying any such Rate, Assessment, or Re-assessment 5 then, and in every such Case, every such Freeman shall be under the same Incapacity of voting at Elections within the City of London, as any Person or Persons now is or are who do not pay their Scotland Lot to any of the yearly Rates and Assessments, to which the Citizens of London are at this Time, or shall hereafter become liable.

LXXX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, may, within the Space of thirty Days next after such Rate and Assessment shall have been demanded as aforesaid, appeal to the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and required forthwith to appoint a Day for hearing such Appeal, and the Party or Parties so appealing shall give three Days Notice at the h act of the Day so appointed, to the Alderman of the Ward in which the said Assessment shall have been made, or to his Deputy; and such Notice having been given, the said Commissioners shall and may, upon the Day so appointed, proceed to hear and determine such Appeal, and their Determination shall be final, and no Fees shall be paid on the making, hearing, or determining of such Appeal.

LXXXI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if the Alderman of any Ward within the said City of London, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the said Ward, shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, in any Rates or Assessments by them to be made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, neglect or omit to rate or assess any Person or Persons liable to such Rates or Assessments, or shall neglect or omit to rate or assess any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Inhabitants or Occupiers thereof, within their Ward, in Proportion to the yearly Rent of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, as the same shall be ascertained and rated in the Rate or Assessment towards the Land Tax; then, and in every such Case, upon Complaint thereof made by any Inhabitant of the said City to the said Commissioners, they are hereby authorised and required forthwith to appoint.a Day for hearing such Complaint, and the Party or Parties complaining shall give three Days Notice at the lead of the Day so appointed, to the Alderman of the Ward to which such Complaint shall relate, or to his Deputy; and such Notice having been given, the said Commissioners shall and may proceed to hear and determine such Complaint, and for that Purpose shall and may summon Witness'es before them, and examine such Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered to administer;) and if the said Commissioners shall judge the Matter of such Complaint to be true, they shall make such Alterations in the said Rate or Assessment as shall be just.

LXXXIL. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Collector of the Rates and Assessments for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said City and Liberties, and for making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the common Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults within the same, shall, from time to time, pay the Monies arising therefrom, as he shall receive the same, to the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the time being; and, upon every such Payment, the said Chamberlain, or one of his Clerks, shall, without Fee or Reward, sign and give Receipts in Writing to such Collector, expressing his Name, the Sum paid, and the Name of the Ward to which the said Collector shall belong; and if such Collector shall, at any Time, keep and retain in his Hands, of the Monies so to be colledied by him, the Sum of twenty Pounds or upwards, above two Days (the Chamber of London being within thac Time open to receive the same); then, and so often, such Collector shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for every Day he shall retain the said Sum of twenty Pounds or upwards, beyond the said two Days.

LXXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Collector to be appointed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, to collect the Rates and Assessments for the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Lid City and Liberties, and for making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the common Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults within the same, shall, upon three Days Notice, in Writing, given to or left for him, at his usual Place of Abode, by the Alderman of the Ward to which such Collector shall belong, or his Deputy, attend the said Alderman, or his Deputy, at such Time and Mace, within their Ward, as he shall appoint, or upon Notice in Writing to be given or left as aforesaid by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, shall attend the said Commissioners at such Place as they shall appoint in such Notice, and then and there, if required, deliver to such Alderman, or his Deputy, or to the said Commissioners, upon Oath, (or if such Collector be a Quaker, then upon his solemn Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation such Alderman, or Deputy, is, or the said Commissioners are, hereby impo we red to adminiflci) a true, exact, and perfect Account, in Writing, under the Hand of such Collector, of ail Sums of Money which he shall then have received by reason of the said Office; and also a true Lift of the Names of all Persons within his Ward who shall have refused or neglected to pay his, her, or their laid Rates or Assessments, with a true Account of the several Sums of Money which such Persons shall respect.tciy fie in Arrear, to the Intent that the same may be speedily got in and recovered: And if any Collector, after such rdpeclive Notices given as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to attend or deliver in his Ac-

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 29: 177

counts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver in the Vouchers relating to the same, or to account for any Sum or Sums of Money by him collected or received, and to pay the same, and every Part thereof, as is hereinabove directed; then, and in every such Case, such Collector shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money as the Rates and Assessments, which he shall have been intruded or authorised to collect, shall amount unto, after deducting the Amount of the Sum or Sums try him actually paid to the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being; which Forfeiture shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, to be commenced and prosecuted in the Name of the principal Clerk of the said Commissioners for the time being; in which Action or Suit such Collector shall be held to Special Bail, and no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any Collector or CoUeaor* refu-Collccto. s of any of the said Rates and Assessments shall have, in his or their Hands, any of the said Rates fhcrkmVtoUbe# or Alllflments, collected by him or them, and shall refuse to account for and pay the same as aforesaid, it loiedby Difhcfi shall and may he lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said City, by Warrant under his Hand and Sale, and Seal, to cause such Collector or Collectors to be brought before him, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of such Collector or Collectors, or the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnessls upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) it shall appear to him that any of the Monies which shall have been collected and raised by virtue of this Act shall then be in the Hands of such Collector or Collectors, and that he or they refuseth or refuse to pay the same according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the said Justice is hereby authorised and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Safe of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector or Collectors respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Collector or Collectors can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, then the said Justice may and shall commit such Collector or Collectors to one of the Compters of the said City, there to be detained and kept, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall pay the same, or such Composition as the said C< mmissioners shall agree to accept in full, which Composition such Commissioners are hereby impowered to make.

LXXXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Collector to be appointed, by virtue or in pur- Cowmlrtionfr* fuance of this Act, to collect the Rates and Assessments for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting eximinrcclifc. the said City and Liberties, and for making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the "*'unpc0uoa7ht common Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults within the same, shall, upon three Days Notice, in Writing, touching any given to or b ft for him at his usual Place of Abode, by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, attend the said Complaint or Commissioners at such Time and Place as shall be appointed in such Notice, and then and there, if re- Neglect of Duty, quired, answer upon Oath (or if such Collector shall be a Quaker, then upon his solemn Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation such Commissioners, or any two of them, are hereby impowered to administer) touching any Neglect of Duty, or other Matters of Complaint against him 5 and if any such Collector shall refuse or neglect to attend on such Notice as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any three or more of them, to cause such Collector to be brought before them, and to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if such Collector shall not shew good Cause of Excuse, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners for his neglecting or refusing to attend on such Notice as aforesaid, he shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Collector can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the same and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, then the said Commissioners, by their Warrant as aforesaid, may and shall commit such Collector to any of the Compters of the said City, there to be detained and kept for any Time not longer than one Month, nor less than fourteen Days.

LXXXV7l. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Collector or Collectors, appointed, in pursuance Tn emfeofCol-of this Act, to collect the said Rates and Assessments, shall happen to die, or become Bankrupt, before he or ^c0^,r* they shall have fully paid and fathfied all the Money by him or them received, by virtue of this AdL or«cu»r7or Af-*' such Composition for the same as aforesaid; then, and in every such Case, the Executors or Administra- *int*%top£ tors. Executrix or Administratrix, or other legal Representative or Representatives of such Collector or the Moaty# Collectors, or other Person or Persons postefling his or their Estate and Effects, shall, in the first Place, out of such Estate and Effects, pay unto the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the time being, all such Sums of Money as were in the Hands of such Collector or Collectors, at the Time of his or their Death) and the Assignee or Assignees of his or their Estate and Effects, in case of Bankruptcy, shall, after paying to the petitioning Creditor or Creditors, his, her, or their Costs of suing out and prosecuting the Commit fio 1. against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in the next Place, pay unto the said Chamberlain all such Sums of Money as were in the Hands of such Collector or Collectors, at the Time of the suing out of any such Commission of Bankruptcy against him or them, or so much thereof as the said Estate or Effects will extend to piy, and the Receipt of the said Chamberlain shall be a good Discharge for the said Money; and every Executor and Admimftra'or, Assignee or Assignees, or other Person as aforesaid, may, to any Action or ^iir, commenced and brought against him or them, plead, or give in Evidence the Payment of the same, and shall he allowed such Payment out of the Estate and Effects of such Collector or Collectors, prior to any other Debt or Demand whatsoever; and in case of Non-payment of the same, by the Space of one Month alter the lame shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to co^mrnte and prosecute one or more Action or Actions for Die lame, in the Name of the principal Clerk

178

If Col Ichors or Receivers become inl'oivent, £rc. the Money to be again a/Tefied.

Penalty on Interrupting Woikmem.

Chamberlain to all Sums of Money, by Order of the Com-fniifioners, and p makeJintries.

ComiBifltonei*

empowered to borrow Money upon the Credit of the Rates*.

Money by An* mnties on Lives n»ay be bor-fuwed*

Tf A'TinTJttanti die any ^er/r ns may purchase Annuities for abort Lives*.

C. 29. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

of the said Commissioners for the time being, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, against such Executors or Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other Person as aforesaid.

LXXXVII. And to the Intent that substantial Persons may be chosen and appointed Collectors in each Ward/ It is hereby further enacted, That in case any such Collector or Receiver shall become insolvent, or shall embezzle, or make away with, detain, or misapply any Sum or Sums of Money, so collected by him, so that the same cannot be recovered, or shall die posse/Ted of any such Sum or Sums of Money, and the same shall not be paid by his Executors or Administrators; then, and in every such Case, such Sum and Sums of Money shall be again rated and assessed on the Inhabitants of the Ward, for which such Person was chosen and appointed Collector, by the Alderman of such Ward, or his Deputy* with the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the said Ward, in such Proportion and Manner as the said Rates are directed to be made by this Act, and shall be collected and levied in such Manner and under such Penalty as are herein provided for collecting and levying the said original Rate and Assessment.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, obstruct, hinder, or molest, any of the said Commissioners, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Workmen, Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be employed, by virtue of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of their Duty, every such Person so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings; for the second, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of five Pounds.

LXXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Chamberlain of the said City of London fox the time being, shall and may, and is hereby authorised and required, out of the Monies collected and paid into the Chamoerof the said City, pursuant to this Act, to pay all Sums of Money which the said Commissioners shall, from time to time, draw upon him for, or order him to pay and the said Chamberlain for the time being shall, and he is hereby required to keep regular and clear Entries, in a Book or Books to be for that Purpose by him provided and kept, of all and singular his Receipts and Payments, on account or in pursuance of this Act, to which Book or Books every Citizen of London, liable to the said Rates, shall and may have free Access, at all convenient Times, with full Liberty to insped the same, without Fee or Reward 5 and also that the said Chamberlain for the rime being shall, once in every Year, have the said Accounts audited and passed by the said Commissioners, and shall deliver Copies of the said Accounts to each House of Parliament, within twenty Days after the opening of every Session.

XC. And, for the more effectually enabling the said Commissioners to execute the Purposes of this Act, in the mod expeditious Manner,* It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, when they shall judge it necessary for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting, the said City and Liberties, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing, the common Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults within the same, to borrow and take up at Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be made and payable for the said Purposes, by virtue of this Act, and by any Writing or Writings, upon Vellum or Parchment, signed by them, to assign the said Rates or Assessmenta to any such Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money thereon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with legal or lower Interest for the same, which Interest shall be payable and paid half-yearly by the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates or Assessments.

XCI. And whereas many Persons may chuse to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities, to be- secured upon and payable out of the said Rates and Assessments,* It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said City and Liberties, and of making, enlarging, widening, altering, and removing the common Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults within the same, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of sixty thousand Pounds, over and above all such Sums as have been already borrowed for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said City and Liberties, fop the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, for the natural Life of such Persons, being of the Ageof forty-five Years, or upwards, asmall be nominated by or on Behalf of such respective Contributors, at the Time of Payment of their respective Contribution-monies; which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum jper Annum:for every one hundred Pounds, or for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities for the natural Life of such Person, being of the Age of sixty Years or upwards, as shall be so nominated, which last Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum fox every one hundred Pounds; all which Annuities, so to be purchased, shall be payable and paid by the said Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates and Assessments, by four equal quarterly Payments, the first Payment to be made to the respective Purchasers, or their Assigns, at the Expiration of the first Quarter after Payment of their respective Purchase-monies, the Rate whereof shall be settled and adjusted by a public Sale of the said Annuities, by the said Commissioners, to the best Bidder for the same.-

XCII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That when and as often as any of the Persons for whose Lives any Annuities have been purchased by virtue of or under any of the said recited Acts, or for whose Lives any Annuities shall or may be purchased by virtue of or under this present Act, shall happen to die, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to fell and grant one or more Annuity or Annuities for the Lives of other Nominees, upon the Terms aforesaid, so that the Whole of the Monies paid for the Purchase of such Annuities, then actually existing, doth not exceed the Sum of one*

*79

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 29.

hundred and seventy-five thousand Pounds; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XCill. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the time being, Ckrk to enter shall enter in a Book or Books, to be for that Purpose provided and kept by the Lid Commissioners, all all Securities for Securities for Money borrowed, or Annuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and all Af- ^on, es borrow funments or Transfers thereof, expressing, in Words at Length, the Names, Surnames, Additions, lramedTn"U tlC* Places of Abode, and other Descriptions, of all such Persons as shall, from time to time, be intitled to such 6 Securities, and the Sums received upon such Securities, and also the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Ab ide, and other Descriptions of the Persons for whose Lives the said Annuities shall be respectively granted, and the Days whereon the said Annuities shall respectively be payable; to which Book and Books the Person and Persons intitled to and possessed of such Annuities, and all and every the Person and Persons liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments, shall, at all seasonable Times, have Access, with free Liberty to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward.

XCIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall purchase Annuif‘c< shall such Annuity or Annuities, and shall duly pay the Purchase-monies for the same, at the Rates aforesaid, not be iu>ic t# and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, fuall have, receive, and enjoy T,uct* the respective Annuity or Annuities so purchased, during the Term of the natural Life or Lives of the Person or Persons by them respectively nominated at the Time of such Purchase, and shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the said Annuities respectively, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said Annuities shall be (object or liable to any Tax afhfled upon Land by Authority of Parliament; and every such Purchaser shall, upon Payment of his or her Purchase money as aforesaid, have an Order on Parchment or Vellum for Payment of the Annuity or Annuities so purchased by him or her, for and during the nature Life or Lives of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by him or her as aforesaid, which Order shall be signed by the said Commissioners; and after signing thereof, shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and Meaning thereof, and of this Act.

XCV. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Per- Securiti?* may fons, intitled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Af-be ailigaca. signs, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively, to assign or transfer such Securities, by Indorsement on the Back thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so tjies qunties; and such Assignments or Transfers, after they shall respectively be entered by the Clerk of the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, which he is hereby required to do without Fee or Reward shall intitlethe Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so assigned or trans-tferred.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, Felony In case or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully ad or assist in forging or counterfeiting any Assignment any Person ft*ll of any such Annuity as aforesaid, or any Certificate of the Age, or of the Life of any Nominee, or any ^®e,n&^ny Order or Authority, in Writing, to receive any Annuity due, or to grow due, to any Proprietor thereof, ccriifi^t^ &c. or any Part thereof; or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive any such of ,u Anayi- Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, by virtue of any forged or counterfeited Assignment, Letter of tint*. Attorney, Certificate, Instrument, Order, or Authority, in Writing; or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Annuity or Annuities, or the Assignee of any such Proprietor or Proprietors, and thereby receiving, or endeavouring to receive, the Money of any such true and lawful Proprietor or Assignee, as if such Offender were the true and lawful Owner thereof; then, and in every and any of the said cases, all and every such Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death without Benefit of Clergy.

XCVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money so to be ad- Annultlestote "vanc'.d and lent, and the Interest thereof, and all and every the Annuity and Annuities, so purchased, and paid out of Mo-to be purchased, shall be, and they are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from time to ncy borrowed oa time, out of the Monies arising from the Rates and Assessments, to be rated and assessed by virtue of this lbc 4tc*'

Act, for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said City and Liberties, and of making, en-Jarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing, the common Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults within the same; and all the Persons who shall be so possessed of such Securities, shall be Creditors in equal Degree, without Preference in respect of the Priority of his, her, or their advancing the Money thereon.

XCVIII. And whereas certain Parts of Holborn, the Minor ies% and Aldersgate Street, are supposed to Certain Placet be out of the Liberties of the said City of London, by Means whereof the Pavements of the several Streets Holbfrn*

and Places within the same respectively cannot be completely finished by the Powers hereby vested in the benicsefthe*

said Commissioners ;* Wherefore, for the better and more speedy Completion of the same, be it enacted, city, to be

That the frveral Powers and Authorities hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and all the Provisions and ailctfed. Regulations herein belore rflablished, declared, and provided, for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the Lid City and the Liberties thereof, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing, all or any of the said public Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, within the lame, shall respectively extend, and shall be in Force, and in all Respects be executed by the said Commissioners, within such Parts of H'Jforn, the Minouts, and Aldersgate Street, as are, or are supposed to be, out of the Liberties of the said City of Loud:ny and the Courts and Alleys leading into the same, or communicating therewith; and the Inhabitants of the several Parts and Places aforesaid shall be rated and aflcsswd according to the Provisions

180 C. 29. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

herein before made, by the Alderman of the Ward next adjoining to the same respectively, or by his Deputy, with the major rart of his Common Councilmen 5 and such Rates shall be recovered in Manner herein before directed; any Law, Statute, Custom, Usage or Prescription to the contrary notwithstanding. Prorlfo.

XCIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained, with regard to paving, cleansing, and lighting, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Liberty of St. Martin le Grand, belonging to the Dean and Chapter of Westminster; any Thing in this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Same Powers

C. And be it further enadea, That the said Commissioners shall and may, at all Times hereafter, ex-given to Com- ercife and put in Practice all and every the Powers and Authorities given to and veiled in any Commission-miflnners, aa to ers of Sewers, in any other County or Place, by force and virtue of any of the Laws and Statutes of this of Tountiw.*" Kingdom, or of any Commission to them granted pursuant to the same.

A T 11 to be to End Intent that the useful Purposes of this Act may be the better and more speed-

taken at°the ity carried into Execution, and for and towards increasing the Fund for defraying the Charges of paving,

several Turn-

cleansing, and lighting the said City and Liberties, and of making, widening, deepening, altering, and pikci hereafter removing the common Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults, within the same/ it is hereby further enacted, mentioned, be- That upon and after the first Sunday next after the passing of this Act, there shall be paid to the Receiver or or CamaCefcall Receivers» Collector or Collectors, to be nominated and appointed as herein after-mentioned, before any Se permitted to Cattle or Carriage shall be permitted to pass on a Sunday through any or either of the Turnpikes herein pafson a Sunday, after-mentioned, or through any Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament near the same, (videlicet) The Turnpike at Mile End, the Turnpike at Bethnal-green, the Turnpike at Hackney, the Turnpike at Kingsland, the Turnpike at BaWs Pounds or Pond% ljlington, the Turnpike at Holloway^ the Turnpike at the End of Saint Johns Street, the Turnpike at the End of Gofweil Street, and the Turnpike on the New Road, commonly called The City Road, all which Turnpikes are in the County of Middlesex j the following Tolls, (videlicet)

ThcTolIi#

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by six or more Horses, or Mules, the Sum of Tenpence.

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Cala(b, or other Carriage, drawn by four Horses, or Mules, the Sum of Eightpence.

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by three or two Horses, or Mules, the Sum of Sixpence.

For every Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by one Horse, or Mule, the Sum of Threepence.

And for every Horse, Mule, or Ass not drawing, the Sum of one Penny.

The said Tolls to be taken above and ei-elusive of all other Tolls. Tolls vested In the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizensj to be levied by Distress and Sale*

Distress may be

fold after four Days.

Comm: fillers may erect Turnpikes. Sec,

Turnpikes, &c. vested in the M^vor and Commonalty and Citizens*

Tolls may b* colic&od at ike

Which said respective Sums of Money shall and may be demanded and taken for and in the Name of a Street-toll, over and above and exclusive of all other Tolls, which are or shall be authorised to betaken and collected, upon or on account of the said Roads, or any of them, and the Monies arising therefrom shall be and are hereby vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and shall be disposed of for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said City and Liberties, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the common Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults, within the same: And the said Commissioners are hereby impowered by themselves, or by any Person or Persons by them thereto authorised, to levy the Toll hereby required to be paid, upon any Person or Persons who shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the same as aforesaid, or to deny or hinder any Passage through the said Turnpikes respectively, until Payment thereof; which said Toll shall and may be levied by Distress of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, upon which the Toll is by this Act imposed, or upon any of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons who ought to pay the same j and all such Horses, Cattle, or Goods, may be detained until such Toll, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall be paid j and it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so distraining, after the Space of four Days from the Time of making and taking such Distress, to fell the Horse or Horses, Cattle, Goods, or Chattels, so distrained, rendering the Owner or Owners thereof the Overplus upon Demand, after Satisfaction of the said Toll, and the reasonable Charges in and about making such Distress, Keeping, and Sale, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

CII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think proper, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, to cause to be erected any Turnpike or Turnpikes, at or near all or any of the respective Places aforementioned, for the Purposes of collcding the several and respective Tolls hereby made payable, and also cause to be erected or provided a Toll -house at or near each Turnpike, and, from time to time, to remove or alter the same as they the said Commissioners shall think expedient; and the Right and Property of aft the Turnpikes and Toll-houses, to be from time to time erected and provided by virtue of this Act, and the Right and Property of the Materials provided for building or repairing the same, shall be, and are hereby vested in the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens; and they are hereby impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Ad ion or Actions, in the Name of the Corporation, and to prefer, or order the preferring of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall injure the same, or any Part thereof, or disturb them in the Possession thereof, or take or retain, or hold Possession thereof, after being required by Order of the Commissioners to deliver up the same.

CIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful for the several and respective Receivers or Collectors, and other Persons to be appointed by virtue of this

A.D. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 29. 181

Act, to receive and collect the several Tolls hereby made payable; and they are hereby authorised and im- Turnpikei il-powered, for the Purposes of this Act, without the Let, Hinderance, or Molestation of any Person or Per- ready ercOtd, ions whatsoever, to nuke use of all or any of the Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll-houses, already erected, or hereafter to be erected or continued, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, at or near the several and respective Places whereat any Toll is hereby authorised to be taken, so as such respective Receivers, Collectors, or other Persons, do in nowise hinder or interrupt the transacting of any Business or Purpose for which such Turnpikes and Toll-houses were respectively erected or provided.

CIV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to pay the Tolls to be pat* said Street-toll more than once for passing or re-passing at any Time or Times on the same Day as aforesaid, butoncc* Day. with the same Cattle and Carriage, but that all and every Person and Persons, after having paid such Toll once as aforesaid, shall, during the Remainder of such Day, pass Toll-free, with respect to the said Street-toll, with the same Cattle and Carriages, through the Gate or Turnpike at which any such Toll was paid, and also through all other Gates and Turnpikes whereat the said Tolls are hereby made payable, upon producing a Note or 'Picket, denoting the Payment of such Toll; which Notes or Tickets the Collector of the said Tolls are hereby required to give gratis, on Receipt of such Tolls.

CV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby impower- Commissionera cJ, upen ten Days Notice being given in the London Gazette, to lease, or farm by the Year, the Tolls by imyleife, &c. this Act granted, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at or for the largest yearly Sums the Tolls. that can be got for the same; provided that such Letting3 or Agreements be made in Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons taking or farming any such Tolls, and by the said Commissioners letting the same, and be not made for more than three Years at a Time; and that the Money that shall be so agreed to be paid for the said Tolls, shall be made payable, and shall be paid to the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, by quarterly Payments; and that the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so lett, shall always pay one Quarter’s Pay in Advance; and if any Letting or Agreement for letting the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be made, and any Default shall be made in paying the Money agreed to be paid, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act; then every such Letting and Agreement shall be void, and the Person or Persons to whom the said Tolls shall be lett, shall be liable to account for the same, and to have the same levied and recovered upon and of him or them, in the same Manner as is by this Act directed for the accounting for the said Tolls by the Collectors thereof, and for the levying and recovering the same upon and of them.

CVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commission- Commissioner* ers, at arty Time or Times, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint and appoint such Person or Persons, to be Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the said respectfive Tolls, as they shall think fit; and all Persons by this Act made liable to pay the said Tolls, or any of them, are hereby required to pay the same to such Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors as aforesaid; and all such Receivers and Collectors, shall respectively pay the same into the Office of the Chamberlain of the said City, in like Manner, and under the like Regulations and Restrictions, as are herein before expressed, of and concerning the collecting and paying the Rates and Assessments aforesaid; and shall also upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners constituted by this Act, (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered to administer) from time to time give unto the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, a true, exact, and perfcdl Account, in Writing, under their respective Hands, of all Monies which they, and every or any of them, shall to such Time have received, by virtue of this Act; and if such Receiver or Collector shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to make Payment as aforesaid; then, or in either of such cases, it shall be lawful to or for one or more Justice or Justices of the, to m-Peace, and such Justice or Justices, upon Complaint to him or them made, is and are hereby authorised and quire intoil±e required, to make Enquiry concerning such Default, as well by Confession of the Party as by the Testimony Default, of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer, without Fee or Reward ;) and if any such Receiver or Collector shall in<1 commit the be convicted of any or either of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall commit every such Of- pass<^!e[ untl* fcruJcr to the common County Gaol, without Rail or Mainprize, until he shall give or make a true and composition be perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Commissioners made, constituted by this Act, and shall have paid such Composition, in such Manner as they shall appoint, which-Composition the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to make; and the said Commissioners shall and Commif&mert may, out of the Monies arising by the said Tolls, or otherwise, make such Allowance unto their Receivers to allow. Officer* and Collectors, and all other Persons to be employed by or under the said Commissioners, in the Execution S4i*ne»* of this Act, for their Care and Pains in their respective Offices, as the said Commissioners shall think fit and reasonable.

CVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of For farming the any one of the Lid Turnpikes for the time being, or for any three or more of the Commissioners of each of Toll*, the said Turnpikes, at any of their public Meetings, to treat and agree with the Commissioners constituted determined by this Act, for the taking or farming any of the said Tolls.

CVill. And it k hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners, at any public Meeting, may, Toil«»jvb<* and they are hereby impowered to borrow, and take up at Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money, upon the assignrd *v' Mo-Credit of the To’Is payable by virtue of this Act, and to assign over the same, or any Part thereof, by any ney bonewtd. Writing or Writings, under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any seven or more of them, the Charges of fuc h Assignments and Conveyances to be paid out of such Foils respectively, to any PciCq or Pdlons who shall advance or lend their Money thereon> as a Security or Securities for the.

several,

182 C. 2g.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Alignments to be entered in a Book*

Penalty on forcibly passing through the Gates, tec. or

ment of the Tolls,

several Sums which shall be borrowed, and the Interest thereof, as aforesaid: And Copies of all such Af-signments and Conveyances shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk for the time being of the said Commissioners; and all and every Person and Persons, to whom such Affien-ments shall be made, are hereby impowered, from time to time, to assign and transfer their Right and Interest, by Indorsement on the Back of their Securities, in like Manner and Form as the Securities for the Monies borrowed on the Rates and Assessments, to be made and levied by virtue of this Act, are before directed to be assigned and transferred; and all such Alignments and Transfers shall be produced, notified, and entered in like Manner as is before described, with respc*£t to the Producing, Notification, and Entry of the Assignments and Transfers of the Securities for such Rates and Assessments; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made any Assignment or Transfer of their Securities on the said All Creditor* Tolls to make void or discharge the same, or any Money due thereon; and no Person or Persons advancing Vc&tc*" any Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Tolls, shall be intitled to any Preference with respect to the Priority of advancing any such Sum or Sums, but all Persons to whom any Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall be Creditors in equal Degree, one with another, in Proportion to the Sums therein mentioned.

CIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any Horse, Beast, or Carriage through any Turnpike whereat any Toll is, by virtue of this Act, to be paid, without paying such Toll, or producing a Note or Ticket as aforesaid, at such Turnpike; or giving or rrceiv- shall knowingly or designedly assault, interrupt, or obstru£l any or either of the Collectors or Persons em-ing Ticket*, &c. ployed in the colle&ingor receiving any or either of the said Tolls, in the Execution of his or their respecto avoid Fay- tive Office or Offices, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to, or receive from any other Person or Persons, any Note or Ticket with an Intent to avoid the Payment of any or either of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings, over and besides such Damages and Punishments as they and every of them respectively shall be liable to by Law; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Receivers or Collectors, and for every of them, and all other Persons required by them, to assist in that Respect to seize any Horse or Horses, Cattle or Goods, belonging to, or in the Possession, or under the Care of any Person or Persons so offending in the Premises, and to take such Offenders before any Justice of the Peace, and before him to make Complaint of such Offence or Offences; and such Justice may and is hereby required to enquire into the same, as well by Examination of the Party or Parties, as by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer without Fee or Reward ;) and if the said Justice shall fee Cause, to convict the Party or Parties complained of in the Penalty aforesaid? and for Non-payment thereof, and of the Tolls that shall be due (though the same shall not be demanded) by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the said Horse or Horles, Cattle or Goods, to be sold for Payment of the said Tolls and Penalties, and the Charges of seizing and keeping the same, and of such Sale, rendering the Overplus, if any there shall be, to the Owner or Owners of the said Horse or Horses, Cattle or Goods, or to the Person or Persons under whose Care or in whose Possession they respectively were when so seized as aforesaid; and if no such Seizure as aforesaid can or shall be made, then the aforesaid Penalty and Tolls shall be levied and recovered by such Means, and applied in such Manner, as herein after mentioned: And moreover, it shall and may be lawful for any of the Collectors of the Rates and Tolls hereby granted, or other Officer to be appointed by virtue of this Act, who shall be assaulted, ob-Collectors, they or interrupted in the Execution of any of their respective Offices, and for every of them, and all

tTtaiaMhem other Persons required by them to assist in that Respect, to take such Offender before any Justice of the

before a justice Peace, who is hereby required to enquire into the same in Manner as above directed; and if he shall see

of the Peace. Cause, to convict the Party or Parties complained of in the Penalty last mentioned, to be levied and recovered as hereafter directed.

Money raised by

CX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall be, this Act vested an(j fame are hereby vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City, and shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever. writln sto be ^XI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Nomination, Contract, Bond, Warrant, without Stamps. Judgement, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, or only signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners, conflicted by this Act, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before any of them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, or only signed by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Duty whatsoever.

CXII. And whereas it would be very convenient and beneficial to the Public, if the Number of Hackney Coaches which are allowed to ply for Hire in certain Streets or Places within the said City and Liberties, were, in some Instances, to be limited, and their Distances one from the other, when so plying, were to be regulated and settled, and a proper Register of the Places of Abode of the several Owners of such Coaches was to be kept at the Office of the Commissioners under this Act, at the Guildhall in the said City \ Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Number of Coaches to {land and ply for Hire, between the End of Freeman s Court in Cortihill and the End of Cornhill Eastward, in the said City, shall be no more than ten at any one Time; and from the End of Bucklersbury to the End of Kino-jlrect, Cheapside, no more than five, and not to approach or continue nearer the one to the other than twenty Feet; and that all and every other Coach, (landing or plying for Hire in any other Street or Place within the said City and Liberties, shall so (land or ply, except where the Standing shall be again (I any Dead Wall, at the Space or Distance of eight Feet at the lead from each other; and that all and every Coach or Coaches, plying or (landing for Hire within the said City and Liberties, shall give Way to, and

Person* assaulting. See. the

1 Act vested in the Mayor, &c.

For limiting the Number and Distances of Coaches.

A.D. 17JT. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 29. 183

make Room for all Waggons, Drays, Carts, and other Carriages, to pass or repafe along or across any of the said Streets and Places, upon Pain that the Owner or Driver of every Hackney Coach, which shall stand or ply for Hire in any of the said Places where the Number of Hackney Coaches is hereby limited, after the Number of Coaches so respectively limited shall be (landing or plying the rein, or shall Hand or ply for Hire nearer to any other Hackney Coach than is hereby directed, or shall not, upon Demand, from time to time, give Way, and make sufficient Room for such other Carriage to pass or repass as aforesaid, shall, for every fvich Offence, forfe it and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; to be recovered and levied by such Ways and Methods as by the several Acts of Parliament now in Force concerning Hackney Coaches, or any of them, as all or any of the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by Hackney Coachmen, may be now recovered and levied.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That within seven Days after the Owner of every Hackney Coach Places of Abode Hull be licensed by the Commissioners appointed for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, of Hackney ©very such Owner shall leave at the Office of the said Commissioners under this Act, at the Guildhall afore- P°achTcn laid, with the principal Clerk, or the Assistant Clerk, to the said Commissioners, a true Account in Writ- crcfcl etc* ing, of his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode, with the Figure or Number of each Coach; and the several Owners of Hackney Coaches already licensed by the said Commissioners, shall, within sixty Days after the passing of this Act, leave the like true Account in Writing of their respective Places of Abode, Figures and Numbers, at the aforesaid Office, with the said principal Clerk, or Clerk-assistant 5 and so, from time to time, every licensed Hackney Coachman shall, within seven Days after his Place of Abode shall be changed, give the like Account at the said Office, upon Pain that the Owner or Owners of every such Hackney Coach shall, upon every Refusal or Negjed Co to do, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

[Proviso.]

CXIV. Provided always, That the said Justice or Justices may, and they are hereby impowered, at his

or their Discretion, to mitigate or compound any of the said Forfeitures or Penalties to or for any lesser Sum,

Dot less than one half thereof.

CXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That in every Case where any Person shall, either upon his or Offender* not ber own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witifefs or Witnesses, be convicted before one Pay’tn8 Penalties or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said City, or of the Place where such Person shall be found, to bcc°mnmi» of any Offence by him or her committed against this Act, for which Offence any Forfeiture or Penalty is or axe hereby enacted, the Manner of recovering whereof is not hereby particularly directed, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to administer) it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, and he and they are hereby authorised and directed, upon the said Party’s Refusal or Negied to pay down such Forfeiture or Penalty, immediately to commit him or them to one of the Compters of the said City, for any Time not exceeding one Month, and not less than fourteen Days, unless the said Forfeiture or Penalty shall be sooner paid; and all and every the Forfeitures and Penalties to be recovered by virtue of this Act, shall be paid into the Chamber of the said City, and applied to some of the Purposes to which any of the Rates or Assessments, to be raised by virtue hereof, are hereby directed to be applied.

CXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Proceeding* not Offender or Offenders against this Act, or-any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or tran- to be qua/hed for faded in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form; any Law want of Fojm* ox Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That noAdion or Suit shall he commenced against any Limitation of Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty-one clear Days Notice shall A 10IM* be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk for the time being of the Commissioners constituted by this Act, or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the City or County where the cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the Defendant or Defendants, in such Actions or Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evi- Conenl Iffim-dence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty-one clear Days Notice given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Sa-ti jfadion was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Ju y or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in fu ih Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or fuller a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if Judgement shall he given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such TrebleCofh* Kurudy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Colt9, in any '/.her Cases by Law.

CXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, Thnt immediately after the several Authorities, g Cc0 Powers, and Provisions herein before given or granted, established, declared, and provided, shall com- rr^aied. m net and take tfted reflectively, for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said City, and the Liberties thereof, and the other Purposes of this Act, recording to the cnor and true Meaning the re-©(, the said Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the bet’er paving, clcauiing, and hulking the City of Louden^ and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obstructions a,*J Annoy ees

1 v ithiu

184.

C. 30.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Rates under former Acts not to be annulled.

Not to make void Proceedingi

under the said

Ad.

Act 19, a*, Se 23 Car. II.

2 Gul. & Mary, Vo Geo. II.

17 Geo. II,

33 Geo. II,

6 Geo. III.

Public Act,

within the same, and for other Purposes thereinTnentioned, and for repealing an Act made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for those Purposes, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

CXIX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, annul, or make void, any of the Rates or Assessments made or charged by virtue or in pursuance of any such former Act or Acts of Parliament, which were due and payable, or in Arrear, on the twenty-fifth Day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, or any of the Remedies, Powers, or Provisions given or provided by such former Act or Acts respectively, for the collecting, levying, or recovering the same; but all such Rates and Assessments, and all Arrears thereof respectively, which were due and payable on the said twenty-fifth Daj of Marche one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and all the Remedies, Powers, and Provisions in and by such former Act or Acts respectively granted, enacted, or provided, for the collecting, recovering, and levying the same respectively, shall continue and be in Forte; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void the Appointment of any Officers already appointed, by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed, or to make void any other Proceeding, already had or commenced by virtue of, and under the Authority of the said Act, or to prevent the completing of any such Proceedings; but that the said Commissioners, conllituted by this Act, shall and may carry into Execution and complete all such Proceedings commenced under the said Act, although repealed, in the like Manner as if the same had been commenced under and by virtue of this Act.

CXXI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to revive the said Acts made in the nineteenth, and twenty-second, and twenty-third Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, or the said Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, or the said Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, or the said Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, or an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, or an Act made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, but such Parts of the said several Acts as respectively relate to the public Sewers, Drains, Vaults, or Pavements of the said City and Liberties, shall, and the same are hereby declared to be repealed; any Thing in any of the said Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatio* ever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for cleansing and lighting the Streets of the Town of South Leith, the Territory of Saint Anthony's, and Yard Heads thereunto adjoining, and for supplying the several Parts thereof with fresh Water.

[Preamble.]

Commissioneri

Names.

WHEREAS it would be of great Advantage to the Town of South Leith, Territory of Saint Anthony, and Yard Heads of Leith, lying within the County of Edinburgh, in North Britain, and contribute to the Health of the Inhabitants, if the same were sufficiently supplied with Water, and the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Avenues, and Passages, were properly cleansed and lighted; and all Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances were removed therefrom, and prevented for the future May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable John Dalrymfle, or the Lord Provost of the City of Edinburgh for the time being; Andrew Pringle of Alcmoor, an d James Veitch of Elliock, Esquires, Senators of the College of Justice; Major-general James Adolphus Ought, Major-general Robert Horn Elphingston, Archibald Cockburn of Cockpen, James Balfour of Pi/rigg, Alexander Sheriff of Craig leith, Robert Keith, William Alexander, Alexander Alison, Henry Balfour, JValter Hamilton, William Haggarth, James Edgar, Andrew Alison, George Full art on, Robert Mylne, and William Mfnt, Esquires; the Admiral and Magistrates of Letth for the time being, the Town Clerk for the time being, the Matters of the four Incorporations of Shipmasters, Maltmen, Trades, and Traffickers of Leith, or presiding Officer of these Incoporations respectively for the time being; James Ogilvy, William Pillars, George Ritchie, Richard Scougall, and William Smith, Shipmasters; James Cunde'll, William Comb, George Muckle, and William Scott, Brewers; Walter Gibson Surgeon, John Crokat Slater, James Macdmii Wright, J Vi lit am Bell, Alexander Bryce, John Haddaway, James Hutton, Robert Kerr, James Lindt say, William Mitchel, David Nelson, Alexander Ogilvy, Thomas Parker, James Pillans, James Rannie, R-skrt Ramsay, Charles Sheriff, Richard Tod, and Christopher Wood, Merchants, all in Leith; the Baillie of Saint Anthony for the time being; and Thomas Hadaway, and James Young, Brewers there, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, or any seven or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution; and to be and continue as such for three Years, to be computed from the passing of this Act, and to continue afterwards until the twentieth Day of December next, and immediately following the End and Determination of the said three Years. 3

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 30. 185

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the twentieth Day of December ^ew Commissionext, and immediately following the End and Determination of three complete Years, to be computed oners how to be from the Time of passing this Act as aforesaid, and upon every following twentieth Day of December (un-^ded,

less the same shall tall upon a Sunday, in which Case, and so often as it shall so happen, the Election herein after mentioned shall be made upon the Day immediately following) the Magistrates o{Leith, the Matters of the four Incorporations there, fix Ailittants from each Incorporation (who shall for ttie Purpose be cholen by the said Incorporations respectively), and the whole Heritor*, Liferenters, and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in the said Town of Leith, shall meet at the Convening House of the Incorporations in the Town of Leith, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon, and then and there, by Majority of Voices of the Persons present, and intitled to vote at the said Meeting, shall elefl: and chuse thirty Persons, all Hcritois, Liferenters, or Inhabitants of the Town of Leith for the time being, who, with the Admiral and other Magistrates of Leith, the Town Clerk, the Matter of the four Incorporations ot Leithy and the Baillie of Saint Anthony for the time being, and two Commissioners, to be elected annually by the Heritors of the Territory of Saint Anthony's and Yard Heads (in Manner herein after mentioned) shall be, and are hereby declared to be Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and to continue as such for and during the Space and Term of one full Year next and immediately following such Election and Elections respectively.

III. And be it also enacted, That the Baillie of the Territory of Saint Anthony for the time being, and all Annual Com* the Heritors, Liferenters, and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, in the said Territory of Saint Anthonym^loncru and Yard Heads of Leith, shall also, upon the said twentieth Day of December next, and immediately following the End and Determination of three complete Years, to Recomputed from the Time of the patting

of this Act as aforesaid, and upon every following twentieth Day of December, unless the ftme shall (all upon a Sunday, in which Case, and so often as it shall so happen, the Election immediately herein after mentioned shall be made upon the next following Day, meet in the said Convening House between the Hours of Two and Four in the Afternoon, and then and there, by Majority of Voices, elect and chuse two Persons, Heritors, Liferenters, or Inhabitants within the said Territory of Saint Anthony and Yard Heads, who, with the said thirty Commissioners, and other Commissioners aforesaid, shall be Commissioners for executing this Act for one Year from the Time of such Election as aforesaid; and the Baillie of Saint Anthony for the time being shall be President of the said Meeting: And in case of his Absence, such one of the said Electors, as the major Part of the Voters at such last mentioned Meeting shall appoint, shall be President; and in case of Equality of Voices, the President of the Meeting shall have a catting and detifive Vote (hefides his Vote in common with the rest) in the said' Election.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Ex-No Person flull

ccution of this Act, during the Time that he shall hold any Office of Profit under the said Commissioners, * Com

or during such Time as he shall enter into, be engaged in, or have the Benefit of any Contract, or shall y»>ffmner who have any Interest in any Concradt whatsoever. ntcre kC

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or F»rf> Meeting of more of them, shall nrect at the Convening House of the Incorporations within the said Town of South the Commil-Leith, upon the first Alcnday in June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-onc, and shall have Power, at rioner,#

such first and at every following Meeting, to adjourn t’nemselves, from time to tirm\ to such Place or Places as to the said Commissioners, or to the Majority of them so assembled, shall appear to be necessary and

most convenient, (or the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution: And that, at such first and every

following Meeting, the Admiral, or eldest Magistrate of Leith for the time being, and in care of his Absence, the next senior Magistrate of Leith then present; and if none of the said Magistrates shall happen to be present at the Time, then such one of the said Commissioners as shall for that Purpose be chosen by the Majority of the Commissioners assembled at the Time, shall preside at every such Meeting and Meetings; and, besides his Vote as an ordinary Commissioner, shall, in all Cases of Equality of Voices, have a catting or decisive Voice.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall at all Times For appointing be in the Power of any seven or more of the said Commissioners, to call a General Meeting of the said Com- Pcncrii Mccv* mtflioners by this Act appointed for the Purposes of carrying the same into Execution, by a Notice or Re- m*s* quisition to that Effect in Writing, signed by such Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and

(tuck up on some conspicuous Part of the said Convening House, at Icatt ten Days before such Meeting; and *hat the Meeting and Meetings (o called shall be held at the Place where the General Meeting immediately preceding was held, or (in the Option of seven or more of the said Commissioners, signing such Notice or Requisition as aforesaid, and signifying the rein) at the said Convening House; and that the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, assembled at such Meeting and Meetings, so called as aforesaid, shall have the same Powers and Authorities as any other General Meeting, which shall be held pursuant to the Powers given by this present Act; and that no Bufmtfs shall be done at any Gencial Meeting, called for the Purpose of nutting this Act in Execution, unless seven Commissioners, at lea ft, shall attend, rod ait at the same; and rhat ail Questions and Matters shall be determined by the Majority of Voices of Commissioners present at the Time.

V J I. And be it also enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at a General Town of Leith, Meeting attlmbled, shall have Power, and are hereby authoris'd and impowered, from time to time, and Tc.riLoryof at ail t-mes hereafter, to dire<5(, order, and appoint, in all Matters and T hings respecting the providing, collecting, supplying, and distnbuiing of Water to the said Town of South Leith, Territory of Saint An- to be fim.* theny, and Yard Heads of Leith, and to the Houses and Inhabitants within the same; and to the cleansing piica with Wa-and lighting of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Avenues, and Pattages within the Limits aforesaid; and also ter.

c.

186 C. 30.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

flicers to give Security*

Treasurers, &c. to nominate and appoint Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Scavengers, Rakers, and Cleanfers of the Streets, to be appointed, and Keepers and Lighten of Lamps, and other Officers and Servants, necessary in the Execution of this, present Act 5 and, at Pleasure, to remove and displace them, or any of them, respectively; and to limit and appoint the Salaries, Wages, and other Allowances, to be made and given to such Officers and Servants; and to direct and appoint the Number of Lamps to be set up, and the Places to which they shall be affixed; and to make such other and farther Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as the Nature of each particular Service shall seem to require; and, from time to time, to vary, alter, revoke, or make void, any of the said Rules and Regulations 5 and to do such other Acts and Things as to the said Commissioners, or to the Majority of them, in a General Meeting assembled, shall seem proper and necessary for putting this Act into Execution.

VIII. Provided always, That all and every Officers and Servants, (other than Day Labourers) who shall be employed by the said Commissioners under the Powers given by this Act, shall, before bi< or their Admission into such Office or Service, give such Security and Securities for due and faithful Performance as to the said Commissioners, or to the Majority of them, in a General Meeting assembled, shall appear to be just and reasonable.

Commoner. to

IX. And be it like wife enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the said Commissioners, or of any Brocks a&cfr°m seven or more them, to take, preserve, and use, for the Purposes of supplying the said Town of South

9 # Leith) Territory of Saint Anthony* and Yard Heads of Leith, and the Inhabitants of the same, with Water,

all such Brooks, Streams, Watercourses, and other Supplies of Water which the said Town of South Leith, Territory of Saint Anthony, and Yard Heads of Leith, or the Heritors and Inhabitants of the same have Right to by virtue of their, either, or any of their Charters, Grants, and original Titles; or by immemorial Possession, as Parts and Pertinents of the same: And to contract and agree with the Owner and Owners of any other Brooks, Streams, Watercourses, or other Supplies of Water lying within the Distance of one Mile from the said Town of South Leith, for the Use and Benefit of the same, for the Purposes aforesaid: And to laydown leaden and other Pipes for the carrying and conveying the Water from all or any of the said Brooks, Streams, Watercourses, and other Supplies of Water before mentioned, unto the Reservoir already erected within the said Town of South Leith, and now belonging to, and used

by the said Town of South Leith; or to such other proper Place or Places as to the said Commissioners, or the Majority of them at a General Meeting assembled, shall, from time to time, appear necessary and pro-. per: And for carrying and conveying the Water from the said Reservoir, or other Place or Places aforesaid, into the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, Avenues and Passages within the Limits aforesaid, and to the Houses within the same: And so often as there shall be Occasion for so doing, to cleanse, mend, and repair the said Watercourses and Pipes: And to erect such and so many Fountains and Reservoirs as shall, from time to time, appear to the said Commissioners, or the Majority of them at a General Meeting assembled, to be necessary for the collecting, preserving, and effectually distributing the said Water, according to the true Intentand Meaning of this present Act.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That full Indemnification shall be previously made and given by the said Commissioners to the Owner and Owners, Lessee and Lessees of all such Water as shall be so taken, or of the Grounds in which the said Pipes shall be so laid down as aforesaid, for the Value of the said Watef, and for all Damages that shall be done to the said Grounds, as well by the first laying down of the Pipes, as by the cleansing, mending, and repairing of the same from time to time afterwards: And that in case of Difference between the Parties respecting the Amount of such Value and Damages, the Sheriff of the County of Edinburgh shall have Power, and he is hereby impowered and required, in a summary Manner, and upon the Application of either Party, and after reasonable Notice to the other Party, to ascertain and determine the Amount of such Value and Damages respectively; and that whatever the said Sheriff shall do in the Premises, shall be final and conclusive: And that afterwards, upon Payment or Tender of the Monies adjudged by the said Sheriff in lieu of the Value and Damages as aforesaid to the Person or Persons intitled to receive the same respectively, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall, from thenceforth, have Power, and are hereby impowered, to take and use the said Water, and to lay down, deanfe, mend, or repair the aforementioned Pipes, (as the Cases shall respectively happen to be) without being liable or answerable on that Account for any other or further Damage.

XI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive the Inhabitants of the said Town of South Leith, Territory of Saint Anthony, and Yard Heads of Leith, of any Claim or Right competent to them, for being supplied with Water under or by virtue of any other Statute or Statutes now in force and being, or to hurt or prejudice such Claim and Right, or the Rights and Interests of the City of Edinburgh respecting the same; all which are hereby reserved intire, in the same Manner as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Contra&« may be

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or made for laying any seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to contract with any Person or Persons for laying Pipes for conveying and distributing Water, erecting Fountains, lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Passages of the said Town of South Leithy Territory of Saint Anthony, and Yard Heads of Leith; and that such Contract or Contracts shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Work: And that the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby further authorised and impowered to pay such Sum or Sums as they shall so contract for, out of the Money to be raised for the Purposes of this Act, by virtue of the Powers herein after mentioned.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Contract, Bond, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand or Hands of any of the kid Commissioners, touching, concerning,

Satisfacton to be made for Da» mages in laying down Pipes

Hight of the Town of Leith, &c. to Supplies of Water by vir. tue of former Laws, reserved.

down Pipes to convey Water.

Writings exempt from Sump

Duties.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 30. 187

earning, or in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities by this Act in them veiled, shall be’ charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

\i V. And be it also enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Dung, *cc. of seven or more of them, to let in Tack or Lease, for any Space not exceeding the Term of three Years, the Greets may the Dung or Fulzic of and upon the Streets, Lanes, Passages, Courts, Avenues, and other Places within *>c disposed of, the said Town of Sixth Lcithy Territory of Saint Anthony, and Yard Heads of Leith, to any Person or Perform, on such Conditions as to the said Commissioners shall fecra fit and reasonable; and to apply the Tack-tiurv to the Purposes of putting this Act in Execution.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall throw Dung, Water, or Ashes, Dung, &c. not out of any Door or Window within the said Town of South Leith, Territory of Saint Anthony, and Yardt0 la«d in tbt /for. is of Leith, by Night or Day; or dust Carpets from or over any Window or Stair opening to a Street, Suect*

Court, Ciofe, or Lane, within the Limits aforesaid; or shall lay, or cause to be laid down, any Dung,

Ashes Rubbish, or Filth of any Kind, between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Ten at Night; or Hull ft ft Ashes on the Streets within the said Time, such Person or Persons shall, for the first Commitment of every such Offence respectively, forfeit the Sum of one Shilling Sterling; and for the second and every subsequent Offence of the like Nature, two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling: And that any Person or Persons laying down Furze or Whins, or other Fuel, on the Streets, Lanes, or Passages of the said Town, for the Space of six Hours, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Shillings Sterling; and for every Day the same shall lie after the first Day, the Sum of five Shillings Sterling more: And if any Person Iron, Ship* An. or Persons shall leave any Iron, Lead, Wood, Ships Anchors, Merchandise, or Lumber of any Kind, chors» &c- not upon the Quays, or Shore, or any other Part of the Streets of the said Town more than forty-eight Hours,!? Ieftc°.n lhe he, she, or they shall, for every such Oft'ence, forfeit five Shillings Sterling: And it shall be lawful for the ^,ySor orc* said Commissioners, or any one of them, and they and he are and is hereby impowered to cause to be carried off and removed such Iron, Lead, Wood, Ships Anchors, Merchandise, or Lumber, into the Timber Buffi, or Weigh-house of Leith, there to lie and remain at the Risk of the Owner or Owners, till Payment shall be made of the said five Shillings Sterling, and of the Expenre of carrying off, removing, and keeping the same in the said Timber Buffi, or Weigh-house: And that if any Person or Persons shall leave any Coach, Cart, Chaise, or other Carriage, yoked or unyoked, in any of the said Streets or Lanes over Night, without having some Person attending to take care of the same, he, she, or they shall, for such Offence, forfeit one Shilling Sterling: And every Person or Persons who shall fufter any Hogs or Pigs belonging to them to stray loose through the Streets, Lanes, or Passages of the said 7 own of Leith, such Person or Persons shall not only forfeit the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling for such Offence, but it shall also be lawful for the Magistrates of the said Town, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to declare the said Swine and Pigs confiscated, and to adjudge the Property to such Person or Persons as shall seize the same: And if any Person or Persons shall lay down any Stones, Lime, or other Materials, taken from any Buildings, demolished, or demolishing, or intended to be used in any Building, upon any Srrect, Lane, or Passage of the said Town, without Leave first had from a Magistrate thereof in Writing, hr, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, and the like turn for every Day after, during which the said Stones, Lime, or Rubbish shall lie upon the said Street,

Lane, or railage.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at Sign*, frc. to U a General Meeting assembled, may, if they think proper, cause all Signs, or other Emblems used to denote remove*.

the Trade, Occupation, or Calling of any Person or Persons, Sign-posts, Sign-irons, Penthouses, Shew-beards Spouts, and Gutters, projecting into any of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Avenues, or Paffogts, and all other Projections, Incroachments, and Annoyances whatsoever, within the several Limits ccjinpriled in this Act, to be taken down and removed; and shall cause all Signs, or other Emblems as atorcuid, Shew-bonrds, and Gutters, or such Parts thereof as they shall think fit, to be fixed or placed in the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, or were before affixed, and not otherwise; and shall return, or cause to be returned, to the respective Owners, so rr.uth of such Signs or ether Emblems, Sign-posts, or other Polls, Sign-irons, Shew-boards, Spouts, and Gutters, as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made use of in the Alterations directed by this Act; and that for the future all Signs, Sign boards, and Gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the Fronts of the H >u,es; Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, to which they respectively belong, and not otherwise!

And if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter hang, place, erect, or build any Sign-post, or other Poll, Sign-iron. Penthouse, Shew-board, Spout, Gutter, or other Projection, Obstrucftion, or Annoyance, or cause the same to be done contrary to the Direction aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings Sterling, and the further Sum of ten Shillings Sterling for every Day such Offence shall continue.

XVII. Provided always and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Crane* m«?be

any Person cr Persons ro keep any Crane or Cranes already fixed up against any Warehouse or Warehouses *he

within such rare or Part* of the said ltveral Districts as is or are comprised in this A<fk 5 or to affix any Sldciof Houses* Crane or Crar.es to such Warehouse or Warehouses, and to make use of such Crane or Cranes, so as such

Crane or Cranes be turned and kept ciofe to the Walls of such Warehouse or Warehouses when not in actufl Lie; any Thing in this Act, or any former Law, Custom, or Statute to the contrary thereof in air, wife nocwitl.standm®.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break. To present de-throw down, take away, or cxiinguish, damage, or food any Lamp or Lamps to be put up by virtue of stroying Limps this Act; or damage 1 be Posts, lions, and other Furniture thereof; or Pipes to be lard for conveying and &c.

11 b 2 ddiiibutinj

i88

Rate how to be made.

Assessors to be appointed.

Empty House* exempted from the Assessment.

Proprietors to be relieved from the AflVtTmcat by their Tc-Ainu,

R.tt« how to be applied,

Proceedings to be entered in a Book.

Book* may be in spe died.

C. 30. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

distributing the Water, and Fountains to be erected as aforesaid; every Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit, for the first Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling; for the second Offence, forty Shillings Sterling; and for the third and every subsequent Offence, the bum of five Pounds Sterling, over and above the Reparation of the real Damage done.

XIX. And, in order to raise a Fund for defraying the Charges and Expences of carrying this Actinto Execution,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Stent-masters of the Town of Leith shall be, and they are hereby impowered and required, at the Time of imposing and proportioning the Land Tax or Cess of the said Town of Leith, annually to assess and lay upon all Heritors, Liferenters, andothei Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Town of South Leith, subject to the Payment of the Land Tax or Cess, an annual Assessment not exceeding Sixpence Sterling in the Pound of valued Rent, as the same are now, or shall at any Time hereafter stand valued in the Cess or Supply Books of the said Town of South Leith; which annual Assessment shall be payable in the same Proportions, and at the same Terms, as the Land Tax or Cess for each Year respectively is and shall be payable; and shall be levied and collected by the Collector of the Cess for the said Town of South Leith; and the like Action and Execution shall be, and is hereby directed and appointed to be competent for Recovery and levying such Assessment as by the Law and Practice of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland is authorised by Law, and used for levying and bringing in of the Cess or Land Tax; and the Collector of the Cess for the Town of Leith for the time being is hereby impowered and required so to levy, collect, and afterwards to pay over the said Assessment to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any seven of them, shall appoint.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in order for levying a like proportional Assessment within the said Territory of Saint Anthony and Yard Heads of Leith, the Baillieof Saint Anthony for the time being, and whole Heritors, Liferenters, and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the said Territory of Saint Anthony and Yard Heads> shall, on the last Monday in the Month of y/a-gust that shall first happen after the passing of this Act, and on the last Monday in August annually thereafter, between the Hours of Three and hive in the Afternoon, meet and assemble in the said Convening-house, and then and there, by the Majority of Voices of the said Meeting, elect and chuse four Persons as Assessors, who are hereby impowered and appointed to take up a Valuation of the Rents of the Houses, Lands, and Tenements, in the said Territories of Saint Anthony and Yard Heads, in the same Proportion as is or shall be done within the Town of Leith, and to assess and impose on the said Lands, Houses, and Tenements, an annual Assessment not exceeding Sixpence Sterling in the Pound of valued Rent aforesaid; and toelecl and chuse a Collector for levying and collecting the said Assessment, which shall be payable in the same Proportions, and at the same Terms, as the Land Cess for each Year respectively; and the like Action and Execution competent for recovering the same, as is provided for levying the aforesaid Assess-roent in the Town of Leith; and the said Collector so to be elected is hereby authorised and impowered accordingly so to levy, colle£, and pay over the said Assessment to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, That empty or untenacted Houses shall be, and are hereby declared to be free and exempted, so long as they shall respectively continue in that State, from the Assessment by this Act imposed; any Thing in the same to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That each Heritor, Liferenter, or other Proprietor liable to the Payment of the said Assessment, shall have Relief of and from the Tenant or Tenants of the said Houses, Land?, and Tenements, within the Limits aforesaid, for and in respect of all Assessments which, under and by virtue of this Act, shall be paid by such Heritor, Liferenter, or other Proprietor, or which shall be levied out of his or her Houses, Lands, and Tenements; and that the like Action and Execution shall be allowed and competent to the said Heritors, Liferenters, and Proprietors, for their Relief and Repayment of the said Assessment, as by Law is competent to them for the levying and recovering Payment of the Rents of the said Lands, Houses, and Tenements.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sums arising from the Assessment aforesaid, and pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures before recited, shall be by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, in the first place, applied to the defraying the Charges of passing this Act, and afterwards wholly and foiely to the Uses and Purposes herein before mentioned for the putting this Adfc in Execution, respecting the cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Avenues, and Passages within the Limits aforesaid, and for bringing in Water to the same, and to no other Intent, Use, or Purpose whatsoever; and that no Allowance or Allowances shall, on any Account whatsoever, be made out of the Funds aforesaid, to any Commissioner or Commissioners for his or their Attendance or personal Labour in putting this Act in Execution.

XXIV. And be it likewise enacted, That all and every Act and Acts of the said Commissioners shall be entered in a Book, so be for that Purpose kept by their Treasurer or Clerk; which said Book, and all Books and Entries respe£!ing the same, or which otherwise contain any Account or Accounts relative to the Purposes of this Act, shall be produced at every public Meeting, to the End that any of the Inhabitants of the said Town may, if they think proper, then inspeef and fee the same, without Fee or Reward.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, some time between the first Day of August and the first Day of November yearly, shall cause a fair and Just Account to be made and wrote out of all Money received and paid by virtue of this Act; a Copy or Duplicate of which Account, signed by seven or more of the said Commissioners, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Commissioners, who shall permit any Person so assessed as aforesaid to inspect the same at reasonable Times, paying one Shilling Stirling for each Inspection; and the said Clerk shall, upon Demand, give Copies of the same, or any Part

thereof*

A.D. 1771.

r Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C.

3*<

189

[Proviso.]

Offencei how triable.

Saving of Right* to thtf City <A Edinburgh.

Public Act*

Tart thereof, to such Person, upon his paying at the Rate of Three-pence Sterling for every hundred Words, and so in proportion for any greater or leiler Number of Words.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Stent-masters of the Town of Leith for the time being may notwithstanding, at all Times, be and exercise the Office of Commissioners under and by virtue of this Act.

XXVII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Offence and Offences committed again!}, and made punishable by this Act, shall, in the first Instance, be tried and cognizable before the Magistrates of the Town of Leith for the time being (notwithstanding of their being Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution); and that all Parties having an Interest shall be at Liberty to apply for Redress, in case of Wrong done, or apprehended to be done therein, by the said Magistrates, in the same Manner, and by the like Form of Proceeding, as by the Laws now in being are allowed to be done neainst the Decrees of Magistrates within Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

XXVIII. Saving and reserving to the City of Edinburgh all Jurisdictions, Commodities, Rights, and Privileges, competent and belonging to them within the Village of Leithy and other Places mentioned in this Act, in the same Manner as the City and Community now have and enjoy the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and of which Notice shall, by all Courts in the Kingdom, be judicially taken, and all Judges, Justices, and ©ihcr Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the carrying on and Improvement of the British White Herring Fisheries are of great

Importance to these Kingdoms, by increasing the Trade and Navigation thereof; and being a Nursery for Seamen, and otherwise a Means of employing and providing for great Numbers of industrious Poor, provided that reasonable Encouragement be given to such Persons as are willing to carry on the said Fisheries :* Therefore, and for the better Regulation of the said Trade, and for preventing Frauds and impositions in the Management thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That as an Encouragement to all Persons whatsoever, as well Bodies Politic and Corporate as others, to engage in the said White Herring Fisheries, that, from and after the twenty-second Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, a Bounty of Bounty of 30*. thirty Shillings per Ton shall be paid annually, in Mannet1 as herein after provided for, to the Owner or per Ton on the Owners of all decked Vessels from twenty to eighty Tons Burthen, which shall be fitted out and employed VeflcU employed in the said Fisheries, in Manner and under the Regulations herein after mentioned, and that for the Space in the and Term of seven Years, from and after the said twenty-second Day of October^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and to the End of the then next ensuing Session of Parliament.

II. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bounty of thirty Shillings per Ton Howandwhert shall, for every Vessel or Vessels proceeding to the said Fisheries immediately from any Port or Place within the kail that Part of Great Britain called England, be paid out of such Monies as shall be produced out of his Majesty's Customs there; and for all other Vessels which shall take their Departure from any Port or Place within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, out of the Monies which shall be produced out of his Majesty's Customs or Excise within that Part of the united Kingdom last mentioned.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Protifo. Persons shall be allowed or intitled to receive the Bounty herein before granted for any Buss or Vefie) which shall not proceed directly upon the said Fishery from that Part of the united Kingdom to which such Buss or Vessel shall belong, and where her Owners reside; and that the Master and Owners of such Buss or Vessel shall take out their Licence from the Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Buss or Vessel was bona fide manned, victualled, furnished, accoutred, and fitted out for that Voyage; any Thing in this Act, or any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Buis or Vessel which shall be employed in the said All Buffo or White Herring Fisheries, whose Owner or Owners shall be intitled to the Bounty of thirty Shillings per 10 Ton by virtue of this Act, shall be a decked Buss or Vessel, built in Great Britain after the first Day of dc<

January^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and shall proceed on the said Fisheries from some Port in Great Britain, manned and navigated as by the Law now in Force is direct'd; and before such Buss or Vessel proceed on such Voyage, or be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, (he shall be visited by such Officer or Officers of the Customs belonging to such Port, who shall be appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs to examine into such Buss or Vessel, and who shall take an Account of the Tonnage thereof by Admeasurement, and shall certify such his or their Visitation, Examination, and Admeasurement, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs; and that she hath on board such a Quantity of Fishing nets, and other Stores, to be used in the said Fishery, as herein after mentioned, and otherwise is a proper Vessel to be employed in the said Fishery; and upon its further appearing, by the Oath of one or more Owner or Owners, or Agent appointed by them, and of the Master or chief Officer of such Vessel, written at the Foot of the said Certificate, and made before the Collector or Comptroller of such Port, who are hereby unpowered and required to administer the same, That it is really and truly their firm Purpose and determined Resolution, that such Buss or Vessel shall proceed respectively, so manned, furnished, and accoutred, either to Tarmuthy in the County of Norfolk; ft'hitebaven> in the County of Cumberland; Leith^ in the County

190 G. 3 r.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

County of Edinburgh \ Inverness, in the County of Inverness; or to Brass y Sound, in Shetland; Cample!* town, or Oban, in Argyleshire; or Kirkwall, in Orkney; and be it the Rendezvous of the said Fishery there on or before the twenty-second Day of and shall not (hoot or wet their Nets before the twenty-fourth Day of the said Month of June, and shall continue fflhing to the twelfth Day of October\ or shall proceed to Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk*, Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland; Leith, in the County of Edinburgh; Inverness, in the County of Inverness; or to Brajfey Sound, in Shetland; Campbd« or in Argyleshire; or Kirkwall, in Orkney; and be it the Rendezvous of the said Fisheries on

or before the first Day of October, and shall continue fishinz to the eleventh Day of January following, unless they shall have sooner completed their Loading of Fim 5 and shall fish in an orderly and regular Manner, without impeding or obstructing other Vessels which shall be employed in the said Fishery; and shall keep a Journal of their Proceedings: And if, after such Certificate had, and Oath made, such Owner or Owners, or their Agents, and Master, or chief Officer of such Vessel as aforesaid, do also become bound, with two sufficient Sureties, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of such Sums as shall be equal to Treble the Bounty on the Tonnage of his Vessel intended by this Act (which Bond the Collector, with the Approbation of the Comptroller, is hereby required to take, and is to be in Force for the Space of three Years, against the Master and his Sureties, for the faithful Dealing of the said Master and Ship Company, in regard to the said Vessel and Voyage); then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller of such Port to give and grant, and they are hereby required to give and grant to the Master and Owners of such Buss or Vessel, full Licence and Authority to proceed on such Voyage as aforesaid.

Such decked

V. And, to prevent any Disputes which may arise, whether a Vessel be properly qualified and duly Vctrd to have fitted out for the Herring Fishery, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and intitled to Winchester a Certificate from the Custom-house Officers,’ it is hereby enacted, That every such Vessel shall he a Bnfhds of Salt decked Vessel, built in Great Britain, after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and iixtv, for every Latt of and shall have on board twelve Winchester Bushels of Salt for every Last of Fish which such Vessel is capable of holding \ which Salt shall be barrelled up in new Barrels, and as many more new Barrels as such Bui's or Vessel is capable of carrying, and shall have on board, at the Place of Rendezvous, two hundred and fifty square Yards of Netting for each Ton of Buss Measurement, together with the customary Quantity of other Materials for the Equipment and Mounting of the said two hundred and fifty Yards of Netting in the Fishery Business; but with Liberty to make use of such Nets in the same as they shall find belt adapted to the said Fisheries.

Xvrry Vessel of

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Vessel of twenty Guns which shall be employed in the wTom to ha\fcfay Fiftiery, shall have on board, at such of the Places aforementioned as shall be appointed for their board.*" °" Rendezvous, not less than fix Men; and every Vessel of greater Burden shall, over and above the fixMen aforesaid, have one for every five Tons which (he shall exceed twenty Tons.

Vessels to be Jo-

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, on the Return of such Vessel into any cerf^of the Cuf- ^ort Great Britain for her Discharge, the chief Officer of the Customs, or such other Officer of the cer o u - Customs as he shall appoint at such Port, shall immediately repair on board such Vessel, and view the Condition of such Vessel and her Lading, and certify the same, together with their Observations thereon, and also the real Tonnage of the said Buss or Vessel; and the said Officers are also to take an Account of the Names of the Master and other Persons on board, and to certify the same; and the Master shall make Oath before the Collector and Comptroller of such Port (who are hereby impowered and required to administer the same), which shall be wrote on the Back of, or annexed to the Licence granted as aforesaid, and which they are hereby required to deliver up, and what they did in pursuance thereof. That such Vessel was at one of the Places before mentioned at the Time appointed by this Act, and has not fined been on any other Voyage, or pursued any other Design or View of Profit; and that they did remain fishing according to the Directions of this Act, and had, at the Time of their Rendezvous, the Quantity of Nets and other Stores and Number of Men herein before directed to be on board the said Vessel; which Certificate, Schedule, Licence, and Oath, together with the Account of the Fifti taken by the said Vessel, shall be transmitted by the Collector or Comptroller of such Port, in case the said Buss or Vessel departed with her Licence from any Port within that Part of Great Britain called England, to the Commissioners of the Customs of England \ and in case such Buss or Vessel departed with her Licence from any Port within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to the Commissioners of Customs or Excise for that Part of the united Kingdom; and such Commissioners respectively, being fully satisfied of the faithful Dealings of theiMaster and other Persons employed in such Vefibls with respect to such Voyage and Fishing, shall, on Demand, cause Payment to be made to the Owner or Owners, or to his or their Assigns, by the Receiver-general of the Customs or Excise, as the Case shall happen, the Sum of thirty ShillingsTon, according to the Admeasurement of such Vessel, duly certified as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner and Owners aforesaid shall not be intitled to have and receive the Bounty of thirty Shillings per Ton by this Act given, or allowed to Vessels employed in the said Fisheries, in respect of such Vessels as shall return into Port with a less Number of Hands than such Vessel is required by this Act to have on board ar the Rendezvous, unless it shall be made appear, that such Number hath been reduced by Death, or that such shall return with Reduction is occasioned by Sickness, or Desertion, without any Default, Fraud, or Coliufion, on the Part a lefsi Number of of tp,e Owner and Owners, and, than re- jx. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Owner and Owners shall not be deemed liable to forfeit or incur a Forfeiture of the said Bounty of thirty Shillings per Ton, so given to Veilds employed in the said Fisheries, in respect of such Buflcs as shall not arrive at one of the Biaces in

2 aid

toms.

Owners not intitled to have the Bounty of 30 s per Ton,

in respect of such Vessels as

quired.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 31. 191

find by this present Act appointed for the rendezvousing of the BufTes or Vessels to be employed in the said Ownm not Ffhcrics, by or on the respective Days appointed for the Rendezvous of such Buttes or Vessels; provided cmed li bie ro that such Buttes or Vdiets did really and bona fide take their Departure for such respective Places of Ren- the Bcun-tkzvous, or one of them, at leatt five Days before the respective Days herein before named and appointed f^ls did de for the Vessels employed in the said Fisheries to be at such respective Places of Rendezvous, and that such fo/fi/ch resp-r. Bulks or Vessels be fitted out in all Respe&s conformable to the Directions and Regulations herein before tive Places at the

provided. Time appoinud.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the respective Bufles in case Bufoi do employed in the said Fisheries, and taking their Departure for such respective Places of Rendezvous at the not arrive at respective Times before mentioned, shall not arrive at the said respective Stations at Yarmouth, in the their Ren^x" County of Norfolk \ Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland; Leith, in the County of Edinburgh; Inver- varied!

n-js, in the County of Inverness or to BraJJiy Sound, in Shetland\ Campbeltown, or Oban, in Argyleshire \ y

or Kirkwall, in (Jriney, or one of them, on or before the respective Days herein before directed and appointed, the before-mentioned Oath, recpiired to be made by the respective Matters of such Buttes or Vef-uls at their Return into Port for their Discharge, with respect to so much of such Oath as relates to their having arrived at such respecttive Places of Rendezvous, or one of them, on such Days as is for that Purpose already mentioned and appointed, or either of them, and to their having remained fishing, according to the Directions of this present Act, may and shall, from henceforth, be varied, and made conformable to the particular Circumstances attending such respective Buttes or Vessels so quitting their respective Stations at Sea, from whence the said Fisheries are directed to be carried on, or either of them, or to their not arriving at any of the said respective Stations of Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk; Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland \ Leith, in the County of Edinburgh \ Inverness, in the County of Inverness \ or to Brajjey Sound, in Shetland; Campbeltown, or Oban, in Argyleshire \ or Kirkwall, in Orkney, herein before appointed for the Rendezvous of such Buttes or Vessels; and that such Oath shall be made and taken by the M.-tter or other chief Officer of such Buss or Vessel so returning into Port for a Discharge.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons employed Persontem-in the f±v\ iin.cries may fish in any Part of the British Seas, and shall have and exercise the free Use of all ployrd in the Ports, Harbours, Shores, and Forelands in Great Britain, or the Blands belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, below the highest High-water Mark, and for the Space of one hundred Yards on any waste or uil of all Ports uncultivated Land beyond such Mark, within the Land, for landing their Nets, C?.fks, and other Mate- Harbour*, &c. rials, Utensils, and Stores, and for erecting Tents, Huts, and Stages, and for the landing, pickling, in Britain ami curing, and reloading their Fitti, and in drying their Nets, without paying any Foreland or other Dues, lhe Island* or any other Sum or Sums of Money, or other Consideration whatsoever, for such Liberty (except as thereto btlon£* herein after is excepted), any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any108'

Person or Persons shall presume to demand or receive any Dues, Sums of Money, or other Consideration

whatsoever, for the Use of any such Ports, Harbours, Shores, or Forelands, within the Limits aforesaid,

or shall obstruct the Fishermen, or other Persons employed in the taking or curing of Fish, or drying their

Nets, in the Use of the same, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Offends to for*.

one hundred Pounds, to be recovered and levied in Manner herein after directed. fcii lcoi*

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this Actt contained shall extend to exempt the Vessels or Boats employed in the said Fisheries from the Payment of such Harbour or Pier Duties as are, and by the Law ought to be, demanded for Ships, Vessels, or Boats, in Piers or Harbours, which are built or artificially made, but that such Harbour or Pier Dues shall be paid in like Manner as the same were liable to be paid before the patting of this Adh

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalty herein before mentioned Penalty to b« shall and may be prosecuted and determined by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts determined b* of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed \ and one Moiety oftlon*

such Penalty shall be to the Use of his Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as will sue for and prosecute the same.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Commissionfr^ the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs for England and Scotland respectively, to order the said Bounty of Customs to to be paid by the Receiver-general or Cashier of the Customs for that Part of Great Britain from whence oxAtx;Pavrrc"t the Buss or Vessel shall have departed as herein before directed, out of any Money in the Hands of such *cccrding° Receiver-general or Cashier, arising from any of the Duties, Revenues, and Customs, under the Manage- Veii'H, &c. shall rr rnt of such respective Commissioners 5 and if the Receiver-general or Cashier of the Customs at Edin- hire departed. hrmrh shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands to pay the said Bounty, the Commissioners of his Ma- Receiver-pmo jetty’s Customs at Edinburgh, or any three of them, shall forthwith give the Person or Persons intitled to ral of Cmioms receive such Bounty a Certificate, certifying the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Excise for that al Edinburgh Fart of Great Britain called Scotland; which Certificate, being affixed to the Licence, and other Certificates and Documents required by Law, and being produced to the said Commissioners of Excise, they the Br^.nu^Coni-LrJ Commissioners are hereby authorised and required, on Demand, to cause the Money therein certified mifiioAwsto ar aforesaid to be due, to be paid by the Receiver-general, or Cashier of the said Excise, out of any give Crmficats Monty in his Hands arising from any of the Duties and Revenues under the Management of such Commii- 10tU P",f*nin-f.oncrc; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas the Revenue in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, hitherto applicable to of Fir.f, \K'i,

the Payment of the Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Rritifn White Herring hilhery, hath liut been fuiEcicni to satisfy and pay the said Bounties for several Vessels and Buiics which have pro-

cecdul

192 C. 32, 33. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

cceded determined by Licence on the said Fishery from thence, and divers Certificates and Orders for the Payment of such Bounties do for that Reason remain unsatisfied Now, for making a reasonable Compensation persons to for such Delay of Payment, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Per-whom Bounty fons who, from and after the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, shall be remauis un,.u'f- |Cga]iy intitled to receive any such Bv)untv which shall then remain due and unsatisfie.l, for or in respe&of April s *77*9* an^ or whichj before the first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, pro-

he inti tied to in ceeded from Scotland upon the Lid White Herring Fishery, shall, for the Forbearance of such Moneyas terertof 3 per shall be so due, be allowed Interest, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum for the same, Coit. for For- such Interest to be computed from the 1’aid fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, bearance. and continued until Notice shall be given in the London Gazette, and Edinburgh Courant, by Order of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the time being, that the Money due Tor such Bounties shall and will be paid off and discharged.

Commissioners

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for of the Customs the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ to cause the said in Scotland may Interest allowed by this Act to be paid annually by the Receiver-general of the Customs in Scotland, out of to b* paid- any Money in his Hands arising from any of the Duties, Revenues, and Customs, under the Management rnully. of such Commissioners.

Commissioners,

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for preventing any Difficulties about Scc. in Scotland, ascertaining, getting in, and receiving all such Sums of Money as shall for the future become due and pay-to tr^nsmit able by Law, as a Duty of Sixpence per Month from all Seamen who are or shall be employed in the Ser-cTr^ateTto^ v*ce l^c White Herring Fishery, for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, the Commissioners

the Offic^in0 for the time being of his Majesty's Customs, or of Excise, if in Scotland, as the Case maybe, London, for shall, and they are hereby required, from time to time, after the Commencement of this Act, to transrait, Recovery of Mo- or cause to be transmitted, with all convenient Speed, to the Office of the Receiver for th^ time being of neydue to the said Duty in London, a true and exact Copy of every Certificate which shall, from time to time, after fro^Sea- r!?c Commencement, be transmitted to them the said Commissioners, by all or any of the respective men employed in Collectors and Comptrollers of the several Outports in Great Britain, in order to the said Commissioners the white Her- causing Payment to be made of the Bounty of thirty Shillings^ Ton, pursuant to the Directions of an ring Fishery, Act of Parliament made in the twenty-third Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one j for indemnifying the Landholders of the Isle of Wight from the Payment of the Monies due by virtue of an Act of the ninth Y,ear of his present Majesty; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages within the Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

[Preamble.]

Comrr.iflionen

Names.

Co mm I flioners living, &c. o'.bers 10 be clocked.

WHEREAS the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Yards, and other public Passages within the Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, are extremely ill paved, and the Passage through the same greatly obstructed by Posts and Projections, and annoyed by Signs, Spouts, and Gutters, projecting into and over the same, and are in general very ill paved, and not duly lighted, and the present Methods prescribed by Law are ineffectual for paving, cleansing, and lighting the same: ‘ And whereas, if Powers were given to new-pave, and to maintain and preserve the Pavements of the said Streets, and other Place?, and to remove all the Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and to prevent the same for the future, and also for lighting, cleansing, and watching the same in a proper Manner, it would tend greatly to the Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and be of public Utility:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Reverend Sir George Booths Baronet; the Reverend Roger Parry Rector, and the Rector of the said Parish for the time being; Uriah Bri/low and Joseph Faikncy, Churchwardens, and the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the time being; Widiam Montague, Giles Grindey, Heaton Wilkes, William Wildman% John Crages, William Spencer senior, Humphrey Gammon, Francis Peter Mallett, William Storey, John Lunn, Thomas Farren, George Ion, Janas Bailey, John Kirk* William Nightingale, James Emonfon, James Upjohn, Thomas Titter, Vestrymen; Js* frph Wimpey, William Gomm, Gabriel Wirgman, David Henry, Richard Barwell, John Court, John Parfin, Benjamin Lyon, William Fosbrooke, Richard Ruggc, Thomas Boys, William Blackborrow, Joseph Keeling, and Richard Gomm, shall be and be called Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as often as any Commissioner by this Act appointed, or to be elected, mall die, or refuse to act, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any Meeting assembled, by Writing under their

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 33. 193

their Hands and Seals, to elect and appoint one other Person a Commissioner in the Room of the Commissioner lo dying, or rcluling to act; but Notice in Writing, or printed, and signed by the Clerk or Clerks shall be given to or left for such Commissioners at their last or usual Place of Abode, one Day al ie.dt before inch Electron; an! all Persons who shall be so elected and appointed (being qualified as herein aider mentioned) are here oy veiled with the same Powers and Authorities as any Commissioner or Commissioners hereby appointed is or are veiled with.

1*1. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of adding as a Commission jr in No c-rmif. the execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hoiti any Place of Profit, or enter in:o any Conti a-T, ,‘ >rtCrT. 1,1 or h-ve any dnaie or Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act. il, ccor

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That i.o Person Hull be capable of acting a CommilMoner Qu.iifjcition of in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the cupmiUioi.cu, actual Polidlion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents, Lines, or Profits of Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, of the clear ycarlv Value of sixty Pounds, or shall be Heir-appatent to some Per fun having

Each Lilate of the clear ycaily Value of one hundred and twenty Pounds, or be polLiEd of or intitled unto aptrlonai Elfate to the Amount or Value of two then land Pounds: And if any Perfn, r.ot being so Penalty on lSr-cualilkd, shall prclume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person Hull, (o"s uct'.'?> for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who 0. ,11 sue ,1U /b 1 the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or 0:1 the Case, Bid, Suit, or Information, wherein no Eilbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall he allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforef. i I, or otherwise fh ill pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the CommiHi^ncM laid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to to anoint oiH-appoint one or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Colledlots, Surveyor or Sur- ccr!# vc, cr<9 with inch Allowances as shall be judged reasonable by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of

them, at such Meeting or Meetings; and also may, from time to time, appoint such other Officer or Officers as they shall hnu nectlfiiry and convenient; and shall or may take such Security as they shall think takeSecu-proper from such Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, rity* or other Officer or Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid; and likewise may, from time to time, remove any or either of Inch Officer or Officers, or orher Person or Persons, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or that shall die; and such Commissioners as aforesaid shall and may, Commissiontr; out or the Monies arising or to arile by virtue of this Act, pay or cause to be paid such Salaries or other to 1PPj,nt Uin-Allowances as they shall judge reasonable to be paid or made to the Officers or other Persons so appointed, Cfrs ancj* for jnd in conlidtration of his and their Office and Offices respectively, and to such other Person or Persons a> have been or shall be aiding and assisting in and about the Execution of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any'Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or penalty on Offi* Clerks, Collector or Collators, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, ceni

whuh shall or may hereafter be appointed by the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, or any ^c‘r Uul.v» &c* Tart thereof, shall exact, demand, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries and Rewards as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by such Commissioners as aforesaid, for or on account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or for forbearing to do any Thing ordered or directed by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or on any Account whatsoever relating to the Execution thereof, or shall any Way be concerned or interested in any Bargain made, or to be made, by such Commissioners, or any of them, for any of the Purposes intended by this Act, every Tcifon lo offending shall for ever he incapable of being employed under this Act, and shall, over and above, ft >tfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, PLint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, within fix Month? next alter the Offence committed, wherein no Protection, Lifoin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, Hull be allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall meet First M f together in the Vdlry-room in the said Parish, on the second Monday next after the passing of this Act, Co.r.nv.fii ».*n. between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall proceed to the Execu-

ti an of this Act; and shall then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn them lei ves to meet at the Place aforesaid, or at any other Place or Places within the said Parish, as such Commissioners shall think proper cr convenient for putting this Act in Execution, and of which Adjournment Notice in Writing, or printed, and signed by the Clerk or Clerks, shall be given to or left for such Commissioners, at their l id or usual TLcc or Places of Abode, one Day at lealt before such intended Meeting: And if it shall happen that there Hull not appear at any Meeting which shall be appointed to be had or held by fuel: Commissioners, a ft:friticnt Number of such Commissioners as are hereby appointed to constitute a Quorum to act at such Meeting, and to adjourn to another Day; then, and in such Case, the Clerk or Clerk^ uf such Corrsinif- Powrrt sioners for the time bring shall, and is and are hereby required to summon such Commissioners to meet at^JU,u* the Phcc where the bill Meeting was appointed to be held, within eight Days next after the Day on which fu» h Meeting was to have been ncld as aforesaid, such Summons to be signed by the Clerk or Clerks, and to be delivered at the lad or ifiual Place of Abode of such Commissioners, at lead two D .\s belLre inch Meeting; and in calc the bid Lleik or Clerks shall happen to die before full Summons ilfiud, or Hull iv f Icffi o> dlue such Summons in Manner aforesaid, then the Treasurer or Trtulurers lor th^ tree l»- n g tj ‘rich Commissioners finii and may, and he or they is and are hereby required to iliac such Suimm »>.

194*

Commissioners to defray their own Expejices, Proceedings to be entered i»ft Book,

to be read io

Evidence.

No Act valid

onless done it a public Meeting.

Majority at public Meetings to atf.

"Property of Pavements verted in Com* miAioncis.

Penalty on damaging Works, See,

to be levied by Dirt refs and Bale.

For want of D.fliefs, Of., fencer to be committed.

Old Material;, See, verted in Commissioners, tnd may be fclJ,

or maile Use of

in paving Stuarts, Sec*

Commissioner* irav hue Ground

frr getting

Ctavci,

Commissioners

may coitraft With l’ersons fer pavi.if. Sec,

C. 23. Anno imdecfmo Georgii III. A. 0.1771.

within eight Days from the Tim* the said Commissioners ought to have been fiirtimoned by the Clerk or Clerks in Manner aforesaid; and such Commissioners shall at their Meetings pay their own Expences.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Acts, Orders, and Proceed* ings of such Commissioners, from time to time, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the Chairman for the time being, at their next Meeting; and such Orders shall then be deemed and taken to be original Orders; and such Book or Books &alJ and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courrs whatsoever-

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no A & of such Commissioners shall be valid, unless done or made at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, where either five or more Commissioners fas may be necessary under any Part of this Act) shall be present.

X. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or verted in such Commissioners shall and may, from time to time, be exercised by thema* jor Part of them who shall afttend any public Meeting to be holden as herein before mentioned’, the Number of such Commissioners present at such public Meetings not being less than five (except where a great Number is declared necessary by this Act); and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of such Commissioners present at such public Meetings shall have the same f orce and tiffed as if done or made by all such Commissioners for the time being.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Property of the said Pavements, Ports, Lamps, Iron, Timber, Furniture, and all other Materials and Things which shall be made use of for the Purposes of this Art, shall be, and the same is hereby verted in the Commissioners for the time being; and they, or any five of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any one or more of them, or to prefer and order and direct the preferring of Indirt-ments against any Person or Persons who shall deal, take, or carry away any or any Part of such Materials or Things; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break up, destroy, or otherwiseda* mage or spoil any of the said Materials or Things, or any of the Works done in pursuance of this Art, or any Part or Parts thereof, every Person so offending therein, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, and for the second, and every other Offence, any Sum not exceeding three Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made; which Forfeiture shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act: And in case the Person or Persons so offending and convicted shall have no Goods or Chattels whereupon the same can be levied; then, and in such Cale respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for one or more of such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Person or Persons respectively to the House of Correction, there to remain for any Space not exceeding two Calendar Months, nor less than ten Day?, to be reckoned from the Day of Commitment; and the Person or Persons so incurring and being convicted of any of the said pecuniary Penalties, shall not be discharged until he, she, or they shall have paid the Sum forfeited as aforesaid, or until the Expiration of the said respective Times*

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of all Stones, Ports, and all and every Part and Parts of the old Materials which shall belong to the old Pavement, as well of the Carriage as of the Foot Ways within the Limits aforesaid, shall be verted in the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and their Successors; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and their Successors, or the ir Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, by their Order, or the Order of any five or more of them, to sell or dispose of the same, or of all or any Part or Parts thereof, to such Person or Persons who shall be willing to buy or purchase the same, and to apply the Purchase-mo-ney arising by such Sale to the Purpose of this Act.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order all or any of the said old Materials to be made use of in paving or repairing any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place within the Limits aforesaid; and the said Commissioners may, from time to time, hire apiece of Ground to convey, lay, and dispose of all or any of the said old Materials as aforesaid, for and until such Time as they shall have Occasion, or judge it necessary to use the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to hire a Piece of Ground for the Purpose of digging Gravel for the better paving the said Streets, Squares, and Places, for such Time, and for such Sum and Sums of Money, as to them shall appear reasonable; which Sum and Sums of Money shall be pa d out of the Monies arising, or ro arise by virtue of this Act; and also to buy such Carts, Horses, Teams, or Carriages, as may be necessary for the Purpose of carting such Gravel, or for cleansing the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Gums, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, or for any other Purpose dueded by this Art; and shall and any hire such Persons, buy such Materials, and make such Regulations for the better cleansing the same, as they, or any five or more of them, in their Discretion, shall think proper; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, at any of their said Meetings, to contract with any fit Person or Per foils for paving, keeping in Repair, cleansing, and lighting all or 2ny of the

195

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 33.

he said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Yards, Paflagrs, or Places, within the Limits aforesaid; which Contract and Contracts shall specily the several Works to be done* and the Prices to be paid ^or the Tame* and the Time or Times when the said Works (hah be completed* and the Penalties to be uffcred in case ol Non-performance thereof* and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, ami also by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works respectively; which Contract shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to such Commissioners; but, previous to the making of any such Contract* fourteen Days Notice at the lead shall be given in some public Newspaper, expressing the Intention of such Contract, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the same may make Proposals for that Purpose to the said Commissioners, at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, other than the Scavenger contrafting Penalty on T\*-with the said Commissioners or those employed under him, shall, without the Privity and Content of the fom carrying Owner, carry away any Cinders or Allies from any House or other Preraifes in any Square, Street, or

Place, within the Limits aforesaid, that such Person or Persons so carrying away such Cinders or Allies, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding five Shillings for every such Offence.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case the Person who shall carry away the Cinders or rwtyonOwo^ Allies, without being properly authorised by the Scavenger, cannot be apprehended, that then a like Pe- er»ofC*iu. nahy of five Shillings shall be forfeited by the Owner of the Cart in which such Cinders or Ashcs shall be

placed in order to be carried away.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioner.c, or any Works to be five or more of them, to cause all and every the Works done in pursuance of this Act, to be inspected by inspecte4. their Surveyor or Surveyors, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall, from time to time, appoint

and in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently performed* according to the Intent and Meaning of such Contract or Contracts, or shall not be finished and completed at or within the Time or Times that the same is or are agreed to be completed by the said Contractor or Contractors, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, shall report the same to the said Commissioners at their next or any fub-lequent Meeting, who shall or may thereon* in their own Names, or in the Names of any five or more of ^them, or in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, bring an Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster* against any Person or Persons so contracting and neglecting to perform any such Contract or Contracts, and for any Penalty or Penalties which shall be contained in such Contract or Contracts; and on Proof of the Signing of the said Contract or Contracts, and

on-performance thereof at the Time for that Purpose therein mentioned, the said Commissioners shall be intitled to, and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties; which* when recovered* shall be applied for the Purpr»fc6 of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Commissiontn the Lid Commissioners, or any seven or more of them* to compound and agree with any Person or Persons may compound, igainfi whom such Commissioners shall bring, or cause to be brought any Actionor Actions, Suit or Suits* Uc*

L>r any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contract or Contracts hereafter to be made or entered into, in pursuance of this Act, on account of any Breach or Non-performance of any such Contract or Contracts* for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper* so as the Sum so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of such Contract or Contracts, and all Colts, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for pa^r5> Cart«f* the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to order and dire# such and so

many Paviors, Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, in the respective Works aforesaid, F°mvC as they shall judge necessary for the due Execution of such Works; and no Person or Persons shall, for any Act done in consequence of his or their being so employed by Order of such Commissioners, be subject or liable to any Action, Indictment, or Information upon the Statute made in the fifth Year of the Reign of CJucen Etiznbstbj intituled, An Act containing divers Orders Jcr Artificers^ Labourer sy Servants of Hijbandryf an i Apprentices*

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for putting this Act Comm^orn

in Execution, or any five or more of them, may cause all or any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, CJU<; th€

Court* Yards, Alleys, Passages and Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, whether Foot or Carriage-way, £c'Yv J?

within the Limits aforesaid, to be now paved or repaired; and for such Purposes, may cause to be dug, c *‘CW carted, and carried out of or brought into the same, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, such

Gravel* Stones, and other Materials as they shall judge necessary; and may likewise cause the Ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the Course of the Channels running in or through the same to be turned or altered, new Grates to the common Sewers to be added or replaced, and in what Numbers or Places they shall think proper, and the Water-pipes which now lie, or hereafter shall belaid under Ground to be taken 110 and new-laid in such Places, Manner, and Form, as they shall judge best; and may cause all or any

1*< 1L or Rails in such Streets or Places within the Limits aforesaid, as they shall judge useless, or to be a Nuisance or Obfiruition cither to Foot Passengers or to Carriages, to be taken up and removed; and ike-wife all Steps, Bulks, Stalls, Dung-holes, Saw-pits, Shew-glafies, and Shew-boards, encroaching upon she Foot-way, as also all Steps and Doors opening or leading from the Poot-way or Carriage-way into Vaults, Cellars, or other Places, to be removed, hiled up, or altered, as they the said Commissioners shall judge necessary.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall alter, or Penalty©n Vt*r-cautc to be altered the Form of any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Pallligcs, ^,r;

i56 C. 33.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Occupiers of Houses may znjke Areas*

Notice to be given when

or Places, which shall be new-paved by Order of such Commissioners as aforesaid, or the Manner of the Pavement thereof, or in any wise incroach thereon, or put up any Pott or Potts, Step or Steps, or erect any Bulks or Stalls, or place out any Shew-glafTes or Shew-boards, so as to be an Incroachment, or make any Dung-holes or Saw-pits, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, over and above the Expences of relaying and reinftaiing such Pavements, or taking down such Potts, Bulks, or Stalls, and removing or altering such Shew-boards or Shew-glasses, or filling up such Dung-holes, or Saw-pits, according to the Direction of such Commissioners.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Owner or Occupier of any House, Shop, Ware-house, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the Limits aforesaid, to make any Area or Areas, either in the Front or at the End of any such House, Shop, Warehouse, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, after the same shall be paved; but they shall have like Power to make such Area or Areas as before the passing of this Act any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-ftcinding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Householder or Householders, within the Limits aforesaid, shall make Complaint in Writing

)-*vcmcnia want unjer his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and shall leave the same at the last or usual Place of Abode of the lu-pdir. Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Commissioners of any Defect or Want of Repair in any of the Pave-

ments of any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, either before or after the same shall have been new-paved or repaired by virtue of this Act, three Days before the Meeting of the said Commissioners; then, and in every such Case, the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall view the said Pavement, and report the Condition thereof to the said Commissioners at their next Meeting; and if the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to whom such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall, upon such View, find the Pavement complained of to be bad and defective (unless it shall appear to arise from a Defied! relating to the Water-pipes lying under such Pavement) the said Commissioners shall give Order to their

Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, to repair the same within such Time as they the said Commissioners shall judge necessary for the Repair thereof, which Time shall be specified in such Order; and if

traet °^cCOn" Ciontradtor or Contractors, Pavior or Pavior, to whom such Order shall be given, shall not repair and

jJfcirOmgto amend such Pavements within such Time as he or they shall be diiedted by the said Commissioners to repair and amend the same; then, and in every such Case, the said Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Day that the said defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired alter the Time limited by the said Commissioners in their said Order 5 and one half of every Rich Penalty shall be applied and paid to such complaining Inhabitant for his or her Loss of Time and Trouble in and about the Premises.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That if the said Surveyor or Surveyors thiok such l\Tve- shall, on any View or Views, be of Opinion, that the Pavement or Pavements mentioned to be bad and

defective by fdch Householder or Householders in such Notice is not bad and defective, then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall forthwith proceed to view the said Pavement, and their Opinion and Order concerning the same, after such View, shall be final and conclusive; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to cause all or any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the Limits aforesaid, to be watered as often as they shall think fit; and also to cause any Well or Wells to be dug or sunk in such Places (not being a Vault, Cellar, or other Building, under any of the Streets and Places aforesaid) as they shall think proper, and also any pump or Pumps to be crecte I in or near such Places, and also any Pumps now standing, or which shall hereafter be erected for the Purpose of watering the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, to be removed and altered, and to defray the Expence thereof out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act.

Projections, &c.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any five or more of them, to be removed, shall and may cause all Trees, Signs, Sign-potts, Sign-irons, Dyers, Scourers, and Barbers Poles, or any other^ Poles, Porches, Pent houses, Boaids, Spouts, and Gutters, projecting into or over the Highways or l'ootwuys, and all other Incroachments, Projections, or Annoyances whatsoever, within the Li-mi'-> afi.rcsaid, to be taken down and remove i; and shall cause ail Signs, Boards, and Gutters, to bealtixed anil phued close to or on the fronts of the Houses. Shops, Wairhouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectti. ely belong, or otherwise, as the said Commissioners shall think proper and convenient; and shall return, or caute to be returned, to the respective Owners, all or so much of such Signs, Sign-polls, Poles, Sign-irons, Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made use 0/in the Alterations directed by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of this Act; and that for the future, all S.gns, Sign-boards, and Gutters, shall be placed and fixed close to or on the Fronts of the H aifes, Shops, ,u i noiiies, or Buildings, to which they rt fpccmdv belong, and not otherwise; and if any Person or Per-

r ... 11 at any Time hereafter, hang, place, erect, or build, any Sign, Sign-pott, or other Pott, Sign-

ction, Oldtrudion, or Annoyance

pave, after Notice.

If Surveyors

tive, &c. Com-rr.uiioners to view the same.

Streets, &c. to tc watered.

Mfr«t £-c. how oe alhxid.

ilia

iron, Bole, Porch, Pent-house, Board, Spout, Gutter, or other P/oj

wirusoever, or cause

Meaning of this A not exceeding five Pounds, fame shall be continued.

the fame t > be dune, contrary to the Directions aforesaid, and the true Intent and every Peri on so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum

nor less than forty Shillings, and the Sum of five Pounds for every Week the

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 33.

*97

XXVIII. And whereas it might tend to the public Convenience if all Buildings and Erections project- Building*, ing into or upon the Footways, were taken down and removed, as also all Doors of Cellars leading from projeaing may

and out of any of the Squares, Stre ets, Lancs, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and all Steps bercrnovc<i*

belonging thereto, and all other Projections whatsoever, and not herein before mentioned, were taken down, removed, and altered, as the said Commissioners shall think fit \ Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever in anywise interested in any of the said Premises, upon ten Days Notice to them given or left in Writing at the House or Houses, Place or Placcs of Abode of such Person or Persons, or at the House, Shop, Shed, or other Place of tiic Tenant in Possession of such Premises, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree for the Sale of any such Premises, in any Person* refuting Part or Parts thereof, or for their Intercll therein; then, and in every such Cale, the said Comm dinners shall cause the Value of the PremiLs to be inquired into and ascertained by and on the Oath of a Jury of c° e um‘u' twelve indifferent Men of the County of Middlesex (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, is and are hereby impowered to administer) what Damages will be fuftjined by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested in the Premhes before mentioned, or any Part or Parts thereof, which the said Commissioners shall think proper to be pulled down and removed for their respective Interest therein; and in order witnesses to be -thereunto the said Commissioners are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, as there shall be fonimoned, &c. Occasion, to summon and call before the said Jury, and to examine upon Oath, all Persons whatsoever who shall be thought necessary or prop:r to be examined as Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, is and are hereby impowered to administer); and it any of the Parties interested shall requeff the same, or the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think it necessary, shall also cause the said Jury to view the Place or Places in question, and shall also use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury's Information in the Premises, in such Manner as they the said Commissioners shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall jury so f^rte-have so inquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Commissioners the Damage, shall thereupon order and adjudge the Sum or Sums ot Money so addled by the said Jury for such Penalties as aforesaid, to be paid to the Persons interested in the said Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, according to the Verdict and Inauilition; and the Order and Adjudication so had and made shall be final and con- whrfe reterim-'-elusive to all Intents and Purposes against all Parties and Persons whatsoever claiming in Pofiedion, Rever- nurion Ault 6c-fion. Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors respectively, as final-well absent as present. Infants, Fcmes-covert, Lunatics, Idcots, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever, as well as all other Persons whomsoever j and all and every Person and Persons in anywise interested in the Premises, or in any Part or Parts thereof, shall, from and after Payment or Tender of the Money so assessed and adjudged as aforesaid, in Manner hereafter directed, be hereby, to all Intents and Purposes, di-vefteJ of ail Right, T itle, Claim, Interest. or Property of, in, or to the uire.

XXIX. And be it hereby further enacted, That if any Person shall be intitled, either in Reversion or Money awarded

Remainder, to any such Premn s, the Money so awarded by a Jury as a Satisfaction shall be settled to the for premif s Lmc l ies as the Premises were, unk.s such Person so interested shall content to give up such reversionary ferried to like Inure ft

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the summoning and returning of How a Jury may-such Jury or Juries, the Lid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered, from be fumawned* time to time, to ifiuc their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the iaid County, thereby requiring him'

to impmnel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of tweny-four Persons to appear before the said Cormmmomrs at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, of which Time and Puce all Parties interested shall have ten Days Notice given or left in Manner herein last before mentioned; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputvor Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon*

and return such twenty-four Persons accordingly; and out or the Persons so impannelled, summon d, and rcturmd, or out of such of them as shall appear accordingly to or upon such Summons, the said Com nif-(loners shall cause to be sworn twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return so many of the Stand :rs-by a-, shall be necessary to make up the Number of Twelve to serve on such Jury.

XXXI. Provided always, That in case the u:d Sum or Sums so aiiefied by the iaid Jury, and ordered VtrA\& not

and aujuJged by the said Commissioners to be paid as a Satisfaction to the Owners, Occupiers, or others, 5

f^r rh ir respective Interests in t!ie said Premises, shall not be paid, tendered, or left as herein mentioned, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, within one Calendar Month after the same (liali nave

been so unified, ordered, and adjudged, then, and in such Calc, the Verdict of the said Jury, and Order and Adjudication of the la.u Commissioners, fn?.ll 11 ->t be binding upon the said Parties; any T'hing herein conti ine 1 to the comnry notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons concerned juror* may be P a l, from time to time, have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to d.-l'eng. j. be iwoin; and the Lid Commissioners acting in the Pu miles shall have Power, from time to time, to im- ivmity *»n

r -V aoy reaJvmble Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or Agents, making Shen.i, IJ-' tult in the Ptemi't-i, ami cn any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and Pi .11 not at-near, or lie. ! le'.use to be sworn on such Jury, or to give their Verdict, or in any Manner wil-1 tVy n yEciing their Duty therein, contrary so the tine Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of tin* Perl- ns wn>, being required to give Evidence touching the Premills, (lnll rttufc to be ex; mined or £i\c Evidence; and hum tune to time, to levy such Fine or Fines in such Manner as any Penalties in thi* Fin.nof to

6 Act eccj iul.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

198

In cpf<? of Dif* futes, &c. Mo. ries to be paid imo the Bank,

Consideration Money how to be paid*

Names of Streets

to be affixed up, and Houses numbered.

Pen.al’v on defacing Numbejs, &c.

Annoyances bow to be !«medicd.

Penalty on not removing Catk«, &c. after Notice,

c. 3 s-

A.D. 1771.

Act are directed to be levied and recovered* so that no Fine shall exceed the Sunt of ten Pounds upon any one Person for any one Offence.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Person or Perform to whom such Sums of Money shall be so afleilld or due as aforesaid cannot be found, or if by reason of Disputes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Default of Evidence, or otherwise, it shall not appear to the said Commissioners what Person or Persons is or are intitled to the same, or if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees fitall refuse to take in his, her, or their Mortgage-money, due upon the Premises, after Notice given to him, her, or them for that Purpose; then, and in all and every such Case or cases, it shall arJ may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, to order the Sum or Sums so addled and awarded as aforesaid, or as shall be due on any such Mortgage, to be paid into the Bank of England* in the Name or Nanus of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners for the time being, for the Use of the Parties interested in the said Premises, to be paid to them and every of them, according to their respective Estates and Interests in the said Premises, as the said Commissioners shall, by any Order to be by them made, direct.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money, or other Consideration, Recompence, or Satisfaction to be paid, made, or given, pursuant to any Agreement, Award, Judgement, Sentence, Decree, or Determination, as shall be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be and are hereby chargedjuid chargeable upon all or any Part of such Money or Monies as shall be received by virtue of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any live or more of them, shall and may cause to be painted, engraved, or described in Stone or Wood, or otherwise, and to be affixed in a conspicuous Part of one or more House or House?, Building or Building?, at or near each End, Corner or Entrance, of each of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yard?, Alleys, Passages, and Places, the Name by which each respective Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, and Place, is properly or usually called or known; and may also cause every House, Shop, or Warehouse in each of the said Streets and Places to be marked and numbered in such Manner as they shall judge most proper for distinguishing the same 5 and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, pull down, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Names, Descriptions, Marks or Numbers, or any Parts or Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter drive or place, or cause to be driven or placed in any of the Carriage-ways within the Limits aforesaid, any Coach, Cart, Waggon. Dray, or other Carriage, or on any Part or Parts thereof, so as to occasion any Annoyance whatsoever, and shall not immediately remove the same when required so to do by any Person or Persons whatsoever, or if any Person or Persons shall set or place any such Carriage for the Purpose of loading or unloading thereof, or for any other Purpose, upon any Foot-way or Crofting in any Square, Street, Way, Lane, Passage, or Place within the Limits aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every or either of the said Offences, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings \ and one of such Commissioners, or any Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, may seize, or cause to be seized, any such Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, together with the Horse or Horses, if any shall be thereunto belonging, and drive or remove, or cause the same to be driven or removed to the Pound, or other proper Place within the said Parish, there to be kept and detained until the Owneror Owners thereof, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, shall and do pay to the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be, the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the same, and of keeping such Horse or Horses, if any/; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid within the Space of five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter set or place, or cause to be set or placed in any of the Carriage-ways or Footways within the Limits aforesaid, any Casks, Package, Timber, Stones. Wheels, Bricks, Lime, Sand., Mortar, or Wood, or any other Materials or Things whatsoever for the Purposes of making Mortar, or of building any House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, or Tenement, or for any other Purposes (unless the same shall be inclosed in a Hoard or other Erection, as herein after is directed) and shall not remove the same within the Space of one Day next after Notice to him or her given for that Purpose, or left at the Premises where the same shall be, or if empty and unoccupied, or in building, stuck against the Wall thereof by any one of such Commissioners as aforesaid, or by any Person or Persons by them appointed for that Purpose, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings; and any one of such Commissioners, or any Person or Persons so appointed by them, may seize or cause to be seized such Casks, Package, Timber, Stones, Wheels* Bricks, Lime, Sand, Mortar, Wood, or other Materials (not being inclosed as aforesaid) ami take or remove, or cause the same to be taken or removed to the Pound, or other proper Place within the said Parish, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, shall and do pay- to the Person in whose Custody the same shall be, the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the same; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid within the Space of five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

| A.D. 1771 Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 33* 199

XXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That rf any such Nuisance, ObUrufHon, or Annoyance Perulu ;fNui-shall be afterwards replaced, and be continued for the Space of one Hour alter Notice to remove the same, fences arecon-tke Person or Persons convicted of such second Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings, and linued*

the like Sum of ten Shillings for every repeated Offence.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever Vances may be shall eu tf\ or build, or cause to be credled or built, any Hoard, or erect any Polls, Bars, Rails, Boards, or

ether Thing by way of Inclosure for the Purpose of making Mortar, and depositing Bricks, Stone, Lime, 108 h

band, or any other Materials for building or repairing any House, Tenement, or othrr Works, or for any other Purpose, without Leave or Licence first had and obtained under the Hand or Hands of the Surveyor

or hurveyors for the time being to such Commissioners, who is and are hereby required to grant the same

f rrhw;th to every Person so applying for such Licence, paying to the fr.id Surveyor or Surveyors the Sum of one Shilling; and no Person whatsoever shall erect or build any such Kind of Hoard or Inclosure as afore-

L:d in any o:ner Manner, or suffer the same to remain for any longer Time than shall be expressed or al-

Lut J in (u<h Licence from the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to befigntd ai nr'oresaid, upon Pa:n of forfeiting

any Sum not exceeding twenty Shilling?, nor less than five Shillings, for every twelve Hours tint the same,

or any Put thereof, shall be continued contrary to the Directions of this Act; and if any such Kind of In-

cIofdiT shall be erected or built without the Leave of the said Surveyor or Surveyors so had and obtained, and

signcJ as aforesaid, or shall be set up in any other Manner, or continued for any longer Time than shall be allowed and exprelRd in such Licence; then, and in either of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful for

such Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to cause the same to be pulled down and removed, and the Materials thereof shall be deposited in the Pound, or any other proper Place within the said Parish,

tneie to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, shall

3uJ do pay to the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be the said Penalty, together with the

Charges of remox ing the same; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges

paid within the Space of five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the laiJ Commissioners, or any ftve or more of them, to order the same to be appraised and fold, and life

Money arising thcic'iom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XL. And.it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Cft, fcrccn, or flack any No Limeiir Iftmc (except within such Inclosure as aforesaid) in any Square, Street, Way, Lane, or Passage, or cause ^le^’ *7c>,n&c the same to be so done, he or they shall for fJt and pay for every such Offence the Sum of ferty Shillings. ny Ct

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall for the Penalty on ariv-future carry, run, drive, or draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn, on any of the Foot-*'rriaPrr» pavements within the Limits aforesaid, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or any Carriage &c* on the whatsoever, or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive, any Horse, Ass, or other Cattle, Coach, or other Car- Mvement,# riage wha:foe\cr, upon any Part of the said Foot pavements, or shall throw or call any Dung, Ashes,

I)ircr or Rubbish, into or upon any of the Carriage or Foot-ways; then, and in any such Cale, and as often as they or any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to aftift in Seizing the Offender or Offenders, and they are hereby required so to do by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Of-

Leer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County; and the Party or Parties accukd being brought before any such Justice, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence ( which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), and if the Party or Parties ac-cu'cJ shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confection, or upon Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted of any such Offence respectively, shall forfeit the Sum of ten ‘

Shillings for the first Time of offending; the Sun of twenty Shillings for the second Time of offending; and the Sum of forty Shillings for the tiiird, and every other Time of offending: And in case such Offender or Offenders shall not upm such Conviction pay such Forfeitures by him, her, or them incurred as afore-fjid, the Justice before w hom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted is hereby required to commit him, bar, or them to the House of Correction for the said County, there to be kept to haul Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding ten Days, nor less than three Days.

XLII. And whereas b 4 with their Coaches and Ch 4 the Carriage and Foot-way

said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, may direct and regulate such Stands as they shall in their discretiort think proper within the Limits aforesaid; and if any Hackney Coachman or Hackney Chairman shall not comply with such Regulations, he or they shall forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings for cvciy

ing ten Days, nor less than three Days.

both Hackney Coachmen and Hackney Chairmen frequency take their Stands ^n^, OJ0/|J^ccu5c" Chairs in such Parc of a Street to occasion considerable Obstructions bath on £7toV^icju- /ays/ Be it therefore enacted, Thu from and after the passing of this Act the 6

icncc.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever Time ofpmp-shall come with any Cart or Carts, or begin to empty any Boghoulc or Boghouses, or to take away any ^y»ng Night-foil from any House or Houses within the Limits aforesaid, before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock in *6, the Nfghc, or shall continue to take away the same after the Hour of Five of the Clock in the Morning, from Ahcbaelmas to Lady-day, or after the Hour of Four of the Clock from Lady-day to Michaelmas; or if any Person shall put or cast, or cause to be put or caff out of any Cart, T ub, or otherwise, in or near any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, within the Limits aforesaid, or within Half a Mile thereof, any such Night-foil, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Constable, licadlc, or Watchman (and they are hereby strictly required and directed so to do) or ;ny other Person or

200

C. 33.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

to be given j

a»-.d the Expellees of relay ing the Pavement to bt paid.

Persons whatsoever, to apprehend and carry him or them, guilty of either of the said Offences, to the Watch-house of the said Parish, and from tiitnce, as soon ?s conveniently m:.y be, before some justice of the Peace for the said County, who, upon Oath made of such Offtr.ce or Offences as aforesaid (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer), shall and may commit such Person or Persons, guilty of any of the said Offences, to the House of Correction for the said County, for any Time not exceeding two Months, nor lets than fourteen Da\s, there to be kept to h rd Labour; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at *ny Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to order any Sum not exceeding twemy Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, to b paid to the Person who stall detect, apprehend, and convey before any such Justice or J tilt ices of the Peace any such Personor Persons guilty as aforesaid, to be paid out of the Races to be raised determined by virtue of this Act.

Where any of

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as it shall happen

the Water Pipes any Pipe or Pipes belonging to any Water companies shall break, or burst, in any of the said Squares,

hre^k, Notice Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Parage*, or Places, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor for the time being to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or such other Person as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint lor that Purpose, to give immediate Notice thereof to the Pavior of the Water-company to whom be apprehends luc h Pipe or Pipes does or do or may belong, and require him to take up the Pavement and open the Ground at or near the Place where the Water shall or may issue by reason of such Pipe or Pipes breaking or bursting, within two Days after such Notice given to such Pavior, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode; and if, upon taking up of the Pavement and opening of the Ground, it shall appear that the Pipe or Pipes so broken or burlt do not or doth not belong to the Water-company whose Pavior shall have taken up such Pavement, and opened such Ground; that then, and in such Case, the Surveyor, or other Person as aforesaid, shall give immediate Notice to the Pavior of that Company to whom it shall appear that the said Pipe or Pipes do or doth belong, such Notice to be given or left with such Pavior, or at his last or usual Place of Ab de; and the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong is hereby required to repair the same, and fill in the Ground within two Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid; and also within two Days after such Pipe shall be repaired, and the Ground filled in, to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors contracting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor, or other Person aforesaid, of such Pipe or Pipes being repaired, and such Ground being filled in, such Notice to be given to such Contractor, Surveyor, or other Person, or left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode: And in case it shall happen that the Pavior who first receives Notice to take up the Pavement and open the Ground for the Purposes aforesaid, shall take up such Pavement and open such Ground, and it shall then be discovered that the Pipe or Pipes which is, are, or shall be burst or broken do or doth not belong to the Company to whom he is Pavior, that then, and in such Case, the Pavior of the Campany to whom such Pipe or Pipes do or doth belong shall make Satisfaction to the Pavior who so took up such Pavement and opened such Ground, for such Work; and in case the Pavior to whom such Notice shall be so given to take up such Pavement, and open such Ground, shall neglect or refuse to do the same within the said two Days after Notice given, he shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, for the second Offence the Suni of forty Shillings, and for the third and every other Offence the Sum of three Pounds; and in case the Pavior of the Company, to whom such Pipe or Pipes so broken or burst shall belong, shall neglect or refuse to repair and amend the same, and fill in the Ground so taken up for the Space of two Days next after such Notice given, or shall neglect to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors contracting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, or to such other Person as aforesaid, such Pavior shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, for the second Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, and for the third and every other Offence the Sum of three Pounds: And if any Person or Persons contracting with the said Commissioners to relay such Pavements, so broken or taken up for the Reasons aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to relay such Pavement in a good, sufficient, and effectual Manner, within two Days after such Notice given to him as aforesaid, or if the Surveyor or other Person to whom such Notice shall be given shall neglect to acquaint the Contractor of such Notice; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for the fir 11 Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, for the second Offence the Sum of forty Shillings and for the third and every other Offence the Sum of three Pounds: And if any Pipe or Pip $ (other than such as belong to any of the Water-companies) shall happen to break or burst in any of the hid Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, the Owner or Owners thereof shall cause the Ground to be opened, and such Pipe or Pipes to be repaired, within the Times before respectively limited for such Purposes; and also shall forthwith give Notice to the Contractor or Contractors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid, to relay the Pavement so brokenani taken up, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Neglect or Refusal the Sum of forty Shillings: Or if any Pavement shall be broken or taken up by the Commissioners of Sewers for the Purposes of making, repairing, or altering any Sewer or Drain, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, the Surveyor for the time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers, or such other Person or Persons so breaking or taking up the said Pave-mem, flmll forthwith give Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Surveyors, Contractor or Contractors, or ncsKw'Sr °^ier Person or Persons appointed by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, to relay or makirg RtPa rs, repair the Pavement so broken or taken up as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Negledo: See. Surveyor ro Refusal, the Sum of forty Shillings; or if the said Surveyor or Surveyors to or for whom such Notice shall ptve No it-: to given or left as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to acquaint the Contractor or Contractors, or other Per-ihe Coi.t ,n or persons f0 appointed as aforesaid of such Notice, or if such Contractor or Contractors, or such other

nine and Pc Ecrfon or Persons, shall not, within two Days next after such Notice respectively given, relay or repair the i^lq oi^os. lame; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so respectively offending, (hull, for cverv

fliCil

Pipes breaking in any Square, #cc. Owners to open the Gkouiid and repair the P,res;

giv ng Notice to t: e Contractor, &. to relay the J'- \cn;ent on Fain f torleiting 40 J-Pavc.nent talcn

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III.

c. 33.

201

such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, and the like Sum of twenty Shillings for every Day such Pavement shall continue without being relayed or repaired, alter the Expiration of the said two Days.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Faviors and Turncocks now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, in case of the Death or Removal of any such Pavior or T urncock by the said several and respective Water-companies, shall, and they are hereby required within the Space of twenty-one Days next after the passing of this Act, or within the Space of three Days next alter he or they shall be appointed Pavior or Faviors, Turncock or Turncocks, to such Company or Coiripanics, to give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be by them, or any five or tnorc of them, appointed for that Purpose; which Notice shall contain such Pavior’s or Turncock’s Name and Place of Abode respectively, as also to what Company he is Pavior or Turncock, and in what District he has the Care of such Company or Companies^Pipcs; and in like Manner, the Surveyor or Surveyors to such Commissioners for the time being shall, within the respective Times aforesaid, give Notice to the respective Paviors and Turncocks of the said several Water Companies, of his or their own Place or Places of Abode, and also to the Surveyor or Surveyors to the Commissioners of Sewers, of the Names and Places of Abode of such Contractor or Contractors, and of the Pavior or Paviors employed by such Commissioners; and every Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to give such Notice as aforesaid, within the Times before respectively specified, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Sewer or Drain, which shall or may be under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers in any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall require to be repaired or altered, or any new or additional Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, shall be necessary to be made, or any new Grate or Grates to be made and put over any Sewer in any of the said Squares, Streets, or Places, or any old Grates over the same, Gall require to be removed or altered for the Purpose of paving any of the said Streets or other Places; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the time being for putting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, to cause such Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, to be made, repaired, or altered, or such new and additional Grates to be made and put down, or such old Grates to be repaired, removed, or altered, as the Case may require, and the Expence thereof shall, from time to time, be paid out of the Moncv arising, or to arise, by virtue of this Act.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Charges and Expences of relaying or repairing the Pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the Purpose of repairing or amending any such ripe or Pipes not belonging to any of the Water Companies, shall be paid to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, by the respective Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes; and in calc the respective Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so laid out and disbursed for the Purposes aforesaid, within ten Days next after Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Chrk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and left at their respective Dwelling-houses or last Place of Abode, together with a Bill annexed thereto (which Notice shall contain an Account of such Charges and Expences); that then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in their own Names, or in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, against all or any or either of the respective Persons aforesaid, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums ot Money as they shall have so laid out and expended for the Purposes aforesaid, in which Action or Actions no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLVIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That if, at any Time or Times, it shall be found necessary to raise, fink, or any otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pipes or Plugs laid down or placed by any of the Companies who furnish the Inhabitants within the Limits aforesaid with Water, or of any Leaden or other Pipes belonging to any of the said Water Companies, or to any other Person or Persons which, for the Purposes of conveying Water into any House, Area, or other Place, have been, or shall be laid into or from any such Pipe or Pipes, for the Purpose of new-paving or altering the Pavement of any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, the Expence thereof shall, from time to time, be paid out of the Money arising, or to arise, by virtue of this Act, and shall always he done with as little Detriment and Inconvenience to the said respective Companies or Inhabitants as the CircumfLnces of the Case will admit.

XLIX. Provided always, That when and so often as any Part of the Pavements of the said Squares, Streets Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall be taken up by any Person or Persons for the Purposes of placing, altering, or amending any such Pipe, the same shall, with all convenient Speed, be reputed by the Pavior or Paviors contracting with or employed by the said Commissioners, or under the Direction ot thiir Surveyor or Surveyors, at the Expence of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Leaden or other Pipes respectively, if such Pipe is replaced, altered, or amended, at the Request of such Pro pnetor, r.nd n< t otherwise.

L. Provided also. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from time to time, to compound and agree with any of the said Proprietors for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or other Measure, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, in lieu and stead of their laying dowfn and repairing such Parts of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, as shall be iKccflary to be taken up for the Purposes aforesaid.

Pavior*, &c. to give Notice of the Dea'h or Rtmoral of Turncocks, Ac*

Commissionrri of Sewer* to repair Drains, &c*

Pioesnot belonging to any Water company. Charges of re-l«yinn, Arc. 10 be paid by Owners to the Cumin issioners*

Fxrcnrc of altering Pipe* to be borne by the Commissioneri«

Pipe* rrplarei? *t Rrquert, Proprietor* to pay Expences, Jcc.

Commissioner* may compound *ith said Pro-pnetor*

202

c. 33-

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

the Rates laid upon such Squares, Arc.

Commissionert to make Rates

inhabitants may

LI. And whereas it is apprehended, that if the Inhabitants of particular Squares, Streets, and Places »vne a Sum to within the Limits aforesaid, or others, would raise such competent Sum and Sums of Money as would be ne'v-pave any sufficient to new-pave such particular Square, Street, or Place, under the Direction of the Commissioners

Square, &c. for putting this Act in Execution, it would be a Means of greatly forwarding the several Improvements

intended to be made by this Act 9* Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Inhabitants of any particular Square, Street, or Place, within the Limits aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to raise, from time to time, such competent Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to new-pave such particular Square, Street, or Place; which Sum and Sums of Money, when so raised, shall be paid to such Commissioners, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, or to such other Person or Persons as such Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct and appoint to receive the same, and for which such Person and Persons so ad-Monies foraised, vancing any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be Creditors; and the Principal and Interest shall be charged charged upon and chargeable upon the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made, laid, and a lie lied upon such particular Squares, Streets, or Places for that Purpose by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; and which Money, when so paid and received, shall be deposited in the Bank of England, and thence issued and applied by such Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, for new-paving such particular Square, Street, or Place; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to agree to pay and allow legal or lower Interest Half-yearly to any Person or Persons who shall raise any such Sum or Sums of Money, to commence from the Time that such Sum or Sums of Money shall be received by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, or any other Person or Persons so by the said Commissioners appointed to receive the same in manner aforesaid.

LII. And, in order to enable the said Commissioners so to do,* Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Time that such competent Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid and to repay the Mo- received for that Purpose in manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, ncy so advanced. or any seven or more of them, yearly and every Year, or oftener, if Occasion shall require, to make, lay, and assess one or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, poflrfs, or enjoy any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Ware-house, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, in any such Square, Street, or Place within the Limits aforesaid, for railing such competent Sum and Sums of Moneyas the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall in their Discretion judge necessary, for and towards repaying the Money so raised and received, together with legal or lower Interest for the same; which said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall commence from the Time that such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so received as aforesaid, over and above any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Asseflfnents herein after directed to be made for repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching such Squares, Streets, Lanes, Rate* may be Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commis-assigned. sioners, or any seven or more of them, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to assign

over and convey the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments of such particular Square, Street, or Place, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall lend and advance their Money as aforesaid, as a Security for the Repayment thereof, together with Interest for the same; and the Treasurer q, or Treasurers for the time being to such Commissioners shall, from time to time, keep the Accounts relating to such Rate and Assessment, and the Payment of the Interest of the Money borrowed, separate and distinct from the other Accounts of such Commissioners; and if any Sum or Sums of Money shall at any Time remain over and above what shall be sufficient to pay such Interest as aforesaid, then such Sum or Sums shall be applied towards paying off the Principal so advanced and received as aforesaid, and for that Purpose may be placed out at Interest on Government Securities in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being to such Commissioners, at such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, until the same shall amount to the Sum of five hundred Pounds; which Sum shall be applied for and towards the Payment of the Money lent and advanced on the Rate of such particular Square, Street, or Place.

Notice to be

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act

given before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise and impower the Commissioners for putting

cuUr? any Pam" ^ft *n Execution to new-pave any such particular Square, Street, or Place, upon Application made to

ar o^aie, them by the Inhabitants as aforesaid, unless one Month’s Notice at the least of such Application shall be

published in the London Gazette, and also in one or more of the Daily Newspapers; in which Notice the Owners of Houses, or the Occupiers thereof, having a Term of seven Years or more in any House or Houses in such particular Square, Street, or Place, shall be required by himself, herself, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies, Agent or Agents, to meet at the Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned, to signify their A (Tent to or Diflent from the new-paving such particular Square, Srt et, or Place, as shall be specified in such Notice; and also unless either printed Notice, or Notice in Writing, shall he left at every Home then occupied in such particular Square, Street, or Place, one Month at least before the Time of such Meeting; and also unless Three Fourths of the Owners or Occupiers of Houses, having a Term of seven Years or more as aforesaid, in such particular Square, Street, or Place, shall, by himself, herself, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies, Agent or Agents, then present, con font rhereto in Writing under their respective Hands; which Consent is hereby directed to be preserved and filed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners.

Creditors deemed

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Preference shall be given to any qu-i m Degree. Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, in respect to the

Priority

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 33; 203

Priority of advancing the same, bat that all Persons shall, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money by them advanced, he Creditors in an equal Degree one with another.

1 Ll\ And, for the better enlightening the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Paf- Lamps to be set sages, and Places,’ Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commis- UP» &c* fnjners, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, to cause such and so many Lamps to be set up in such Places within the Limits aforesaid, and to be placed in such Manner, and at such DistancvS, as they shall judge nccelltry, not exceeding sixty Feet; and may contract or agree with any Person or Persons for such Lamps, or may find and provide the same, if they shall think: fit; and all'o may contract or agree with any Person or Persons ror the lighting, supplying, maintaining, and repairing such Lamps, and appoint how and where (he said Lamps shall be placed, according to the Limitation aforesaid, and at what Time, and how long the said Lamps shall be and continue lighted and burning, so that they shall be lighted at Sun-letting, and continue burning tili Sun-riling, and what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to the Person or Persons so to be contracted or agreed with to light, maintain, and repair the said Lamps; provided that no such Contract or Agreement shall be for a longer Term than three Years from the Commencement thereof.

LVi. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Lamp-froi* the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order and direct Lamp-irons to be put or affixed where to be »i;uinft the Walls of nil or any of the several Houses or Tenements within the Limits aforesaid, or into, affixed-upon, or against the Rails before the Area, or in such Manner and in such other Place as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper and convenient; and if any Person or Persons shall Persons damag-wilfully takeaway, break, throw down, or damage any Lamp that shall be set up for the Purposes of inS LamP5» enlightening any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, or wil- 10 forfeit 20 8* fully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or throw down or damage the Irons or other Furniture thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to Icize, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and l>y Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, bar, or them into the Custody of a Peace-officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County; and Inch Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who fh iil appear, or be produced, to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby author led and required to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence either by his, her, or their Confession, or upon such Information or Evidence as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for each Lamp or Lamp-iron so broken, thrown down, or damaged, or for every Lamp so extinguished as aforesaid, and moreover shall make full Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture, On Non-oajr-and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to ment» Offender* tiic House of Correction for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not 10 bccom routed, exceeding one Calendar Month, nor Itfs than seven Days; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unless such 0 Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall Persons accident# carelessly or accidentally break, throw down, or damage any Lamp or Lamps hung out or set up by Order ally damaging of the said Commissioners within the Limits aforesaid, or the Irons or other Furniture thereof, and shall Lamos to m«ke not immediately, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto; then, and in every such d ion* Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one Justice of the Peace in and for the said County, upon Complaint to him made by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to summon before him the Party or Parties who shall be complained of for doing such Damages as aforesaid, and upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or Non-appearance of the Party or Parties so complained of, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by Way of Satisfaction to the Owner of such Lamp or Lamps, or to the said Commissioners, as the Case shall be, for such Damages as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in case and on Non-of Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, within ten Days after Demand, to payment, to be cause the same to be levied as Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures aie by this Act herein after directed to be Fme«

11 J we 10 be levied,

levied.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any faven Watch.houses; or more of them, shall and may cause a proper YYratch-house or Watch-houses, and proper Watch*boxes, be built, and to be erected and built within the said Parifih, and appoint such a Number of fit and able-bodied Men as Watchmen ap-fhry shall think proper at any Time to watch and guard the said Streets and other Places, and give such Orders and Directions concerning the Manner in which the said YYratchmen shall be armed and ltationed, and for the due and regular Performance of the said Service, as they the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall judge expedient, and from time to time remove any of the said Watchmen, and appoint others in their Stead; and out of any Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, pay the Expences attending the building and fitting up such Watch-house or Watch-houses, and Watch-boxes, and all'o the A lowances to such Watchmen for their Attendance, and all other necessary Charges and Expences incident to and attending this Service.

LIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That rveiy Occupier of any House or Tenement within th^ L;- Fo^t-viv* so frits aforesaid and in respect to Inmates, every House-owner, shall once in every Day, between the Hours f*-o, once

of ieven and Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon of cadi Day, ferape, sweep, and cleanse the Foot-way all a

« D cl a along

204

Where Materials for Footways may be lodged.

Rates not to exceed 2 %. in the Pound*

Commencement of Rates.

An additional Hate, &c. on ffw paving Squares, Sec,

F.k Sorrowing Money.

An; Ijjation of ALnLs.

F'’r printing Annuities.

C. 33. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

along the Front of their respective Houses and Tenements, or cause the same to be feraped, swept, and cleansed; and in Default thereof shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings, to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, upon the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses, which Oath the said Justice or Justices of the Peace is and are hereby required and impowered to administer.

LX. And it is hereby further enacted, That during the Time any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place, shall be new-paving or repairing under the Direction of the said Commissioners, they shall have Power to order the necessary Materials to be lodged in that or any adjoining Street or Place, or Streets or Places, according to their Discretion, as also to stop the Way through any adjacent Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place, so long as they shall judge necessary; and all Persons acting under their Direction as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified from any Prosecution or Action whatsoever, except where such Materials shall be lodged upon or over or within fix Feet of the Fire-plug or Cock; and no such Materials shall be deposited in or near the End of any Street or Place, in such Manner as to prevent the Admission of Fire-engines.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, one or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall, for the Purposes of repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Pafljges, and Places, within the Limits aforesaid, be made, laid, and a fie fled by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, once in every Year, or oftener, if they shall judge it needful, upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possess, or enjoy any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, in any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, in such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, so as such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of two Shillings in the Pound in any one Year, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate as aforesaid.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said first Rate or Rates, AlTdT-ment or Assessments, shall commence from the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and every such future Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall commence from the Time that the last preceding Rates or Assessments ended, and not otherwise; and the Monies therein and thereby charged and aiTcfled shall be payable and recoverable, Quarterly, in Manner herein after directed.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as soon as the said Commissioners shall have caused any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place within the Limits aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be new-paved, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, as soon as conveniently may be, and so in like Manner yearly, or oftener, if Occasion shall require, to make, lay, and assess upon all and every Person and Persons who door shall inhabit, hold, use. occupy, possess, or enjoy any such Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament respectively, as far as such new Pavement shall extend (excepting such Squares, Streets, and Places, as shall be new-paved at the Request of Three Fourths of the Inhabitants of any such Square, Street, or Place, in the Manner herein before directed) a further Sum not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound of the yearly Rent or Value of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Building?, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, to commence from the Time that such new Pavement shall be respectively completed.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, when they shall judge it necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as any Person or Persons is or are willing to lend and advance upon the Credit of the said several Rates or Assessments; and by any Writing or Writings, upon Vellum or Parchment, signed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to assign the said Rates or Assessments, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money thereon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with Interest for the same; which Interest shall be payable and paid Half-yearly by the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, out of the Monies to a rife by or from the said Rates or Assessments.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Sum or Sums of Money, when so received by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pur-fun nee of this Act, or by their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, the Lmo shall be deposited in the Bank of England, and thence issued and applied by such Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, for the Purposes of this Act.

LXV71* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, for the Purposes of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Tern of the natural Life of such Persons as shall be nominated by and on Behalf of such respective Contributors at die ime of Payment of their respective Contribution-monies to be advanced and paid as aforesaid; al* which Annuities ib to be purchifed shall be payable and paid by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time be.ng, out of the Monies-to arise by or from the said Rates and Assessments, by four equal quarterly Payments,

205

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 33.

merits, the first Payment to be made to the respective Purchasers or their Aligns, at the Expiration of the fir it Qurter after Payment of t heir respective Purchase-monies; all which Annuities shall be sold to the belt ladder at a public Sale, N« tice whereof shall be given in ibme public Newspaper ten Days at the least before such Sale 9 and all and every the Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased shall be, and they are hereby cha ged u^on and payable, from time to time, out of the Monies arising from the Rates and Af-(cllmer.ts to be raised and afleiild by virtue of this Adh

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall purchase such Annuitictto bt Annuity or Annuities, and shall duly pay the Purchase money for the same, and his, her, and their respect ,r‘r *rom live Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, (hdl have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity or An- Ta*e,# nuitiis so purchased, during the Tfcim of the natural Life or Lives of the Person or Persons by them respectively nominated at the Lime of such Purch ife, and shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible E’ffatcs and InteieiL in the said Annuities respectively, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said Annuitants shall be subject or liable to any 'Lax assessed upon Land by Authority of Parliament; and every such Purchaser shall, upon Payment of his or her Purchase money as atoicluid, have an Order upon Parchment or Vellum for Payment of the Annuity or Annuities lo purchased by him or her, for or during the natural Life or Lives of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by him or her as aforesaid; which Order shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and, after figmng thereof, shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and Meaning thereof, and of this AoL

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be for that Pur- Securitiri to be pole provided and kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, all Securities for Monies bor- cn rred in rowed by virtue or in pursuance of this Aef, and all Alignments or Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions of all such Persons as shall, from time to time, be intitled to such Securities, and the Sums received upon such Securities; to which Book or Books the Fcrfnns inti tied thereto, and a! 1 and every other Person or Persons liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Aiifinents, shall at all fcafomble Times have Access, with free Liberty to irdpedt the same without Fee or Reward: And if any Sum or Sums of Money shall at any time remain over ami above what shall be sufficient to pay such Interest and Annuities as aforesaid, then such Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied towards paying off the Principal so borrowed and taken up at interest as aforesaid; and, lor that Purpose, may be placed out at Interest on Government Security, in the Name or N.:mcs of the TreJurer or Treasurers for the time being 10 such Commissioners, at such Time and in such Manner as the Lid Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, until the same shall amount to the Sum of five hundred Pounds; which Sum shall be applied for and towards the Payment of the Money le nt and advanced on such Rates; and no Preference either in the Payment of Interest or Creditors Principal shall he given to any Person or Persons w'haToever on account of the Priority of advancing any cd cSuai 1,1 ^e-such Sum or Sums, but that each Person shall be a Creditor in equal Degree, according to the Sum orgfee‘

Sum* lo by him, her, or them, lent and advanced as aforesaid.

LXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar Copies of all Alignments, Con-Copies of Afllpn. veyanecs, and Securities made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be entered in a Book or Books n,rnt? 10 rf*-to be kept for that Pur pc ft* by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and all and every Person and teitd in a Bc©k# Persons to whom any such Alignment, Conveyance, or Security shall be made, is and are hereby im-powared, from time to time, determined by Alignment under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and to be indorsed on the Bac k of his, her, or th.ir Stem icy, < r by miy other Writing or Writings, which shall be executed in the* Presence of two or more credible WkiKjFes, to aliign over and transfer his, her, or their Right to the Princ nun:s or the Date

Date, Nanus of the Parties, and Sums of Monty therein mentioned to be aligned and transferred in the

Lid Bo' k or Books to be kept for entering the said original Alignments and Conveyances, for which the

(a:d I It 1 k or Clerks, or one of them, shall be paid the Sum of two Shilling? and Sixpence, and no more;

and win h fan! Book or Bonks shall and may, at all seas >n.*ble Times, beptrufed and inspected without Fee

or ktward, by any Person or Persons inteielled in such Security or Se-urnics, Alignment or Alignments 5

and after such Entry shall be made, such Alignment and Transfer shall intitle fm h Aligner, his, her, or^(p^nmcn»,

their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, to be Benefit thereof and the Payment thereon, and such n be inaf-

AlTE j ce m ty in such Manner align or transfer again, and so teties quuh's \ and it shall not be in the Power ferred.

ot m»v Peric n who shall have made such Alignment or Transfer to make void or discharge the lame, or

any M>nas due thereon.

LXX. And it is hereby further cnaffcrl. That where any of the Lands, IToufvs, Shops, Warrhnufcs, Untcnan'rd Co.u h honks, St.ibbsJ C ellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall, at the T me of hnuie* n> ;»ay

making any of the said Rates or Assessments, be empty, imten.mted, or unoccupit d, then, and4 in every OIll> K-tes,

such case, it shall and may be lawful so and for the 1 id lorn m'dioners, <r any seven or more of them,

to rate and aflc‘s such Pierri cs respectively at on* half of f.ch Rates or AiElIments dui ing the lime

only ihu such Pom iles shall be empry, tinfenacted, or uuo< cupied *, and also, in case any fin h Piemilcs, after the nuking :mh Rao < 1 R o s, Assessment Oi Afiflmdnts, shall become empty, untenacted, or un-

occu; ic J, one h 1 only of such K.rc 01 Assessment shall be charged on such Premises rr Ip* iv«! v, for and

during so 'ong *» Tu e as the f»ne flu'l c^nrinu* empty, untenacted, and tin*. ruj-ied i and then,; n^l in pa:d by the any ot ir* lain C. ics, toe I iid !v 1te »i Kut- s, >!» fiment or Act llments, an 1 all Arr< ars due thereon, shall ^c.

be p»ud ty the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Ldiee 01 Luieis, or 1 y the tirfl or ar.v other

Tenant

pal and Interest Money thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever; all which Assign- ^otififd to Tiaiufcis shall be produced, and notified to the said Clerk or Clerks within thirty Djys next after the cJr'k thereof, who shall cjufe an Entiy of such Transfers or Alignments to be made, containing the tn

206

C. 33. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Tenant or Occupier thereof, and in which last Case such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall and may, and is and are hereby authorised to deduct and detain the tame out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents respectively, and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of such Premises, is and are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment, upon Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their respective Rents; and the said Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be, and is and are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of his, her, or their Rent, as the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, and so paid by him, her, or them, shall amount unto.

Leflces liable to

LXXI. And whereas there are many Houses, Buildings, Stables, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, He-pay the Rates 5 < reditaments, and Premises, within the Limits aforesaid, which are taken on Leatcs for Years or other- wife, and by the Leflecs or Tenants, and also by Landlords or Owners, let out in Parcels or separate Apartments for Under-tenants, and other H uses and Pic-mises let ready furnished to Lodgersf Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Li llee, Landlord, Owner, or Proprietor of each and every such House, Building, Stable, Land, Ground, Tenement, or Hemlitament so let out, orwhich shall be let out in Parcels or separate Apartments, or ready furnished, to a Lodger or Lodgers, shall be deemed and taken as the Oc cupier or Occupiers thereof, and shall be liable and subject to the Payment of the Rates or Assessments directed by this Act to be made, raised, and levied, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Premises.

In case of Rc-

LXXII. And, for the more easy Recovery of such Rates or Assessments,> be it further enacted by the fulal, shall be Authority aforesaid, That each and every Person so renting or occupying any such Parcel or separate Apart-compelled so ro rnent as aforesaid shall be liable and compellable to the Payment of the said Rates or Assessments, and all 0* Arrears due thereon, to be recovered in Manner hereafter directed.

but to be al-

LXXIII. Provided always, That each and cvci y respective Occupier or Occupiers who shall pay such lowed the tame respective Rates or AUdlments, and any Arrears due thereon, or from whom the lame shall be recovered in Rent. in pursuance of this Act, shall and may deduct the lame from and out of the next or any other Rent due and payable from him, her, or them, to such respective Lessee, Landlord, Owner, or Proprietor, and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Di (charge for such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, to his, her, or their Landlord, for such Money as he, she, or they shall pay, or shall be levied on the Goods and Chattels of him, her, or them, by virtue of this Act.

Public Build- 4

LXXIV. And forasmuch as it is reasonable that all public Buildings, and all dead Walls and void

ings, &c, to be ‘ Spaces of Ground, shall be rated and assessed in a due Proportion towards the paving, cleansing, en-raled# lightening, and watching, within the Limits aforesaid;’ it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at their Discretion, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to rate and afleL, towards the Purposes of this Act, all Parish Churches, Parochial and other Chapels, Meeting-houses, Schools, Markets, Warehouses, and all other public Buildings whatsoever (charged or not charged to the Land-tax) situate, (landing, and being in any Square, Stieet, or Place, within the Limits aforesaid, which now is or are, or hereafter may be built, or in building, at a Rate not exceeding two Shillings in the Pound, according to the clear yearly Income arising from such Parish Church, Parochial and other Chapels, Mtcting-houses, Schools, Markets, Ware-houses, and other public Buildings respectively; and where there is not any such clear yearly Income, or the same cannot be fully ascertained, then, and in ciiher of the said C-les, the same shall be charged and adclled, at a Rate not exceeding Sixpence per square T ard, in any o ,e Year, of the Pavement, paved or repaired under the Direction of the said Commissioners, and situa e, lying and being in any such Square, Street, or Place, and belonging to such Parish Church, Parochial or other Chapel, Meeting-house, School, Warehouse, or other public Building; and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall also, at their Discretion, yearly, or oftener, if needful, assess all Church-yards, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, towards the Purposes aforesaid, and which are not charged in respeeT of any Dwelling-house or other Building by the Pound-rate or otherwise, by virtue of this Act, so that in the Whole such Rate or Assessment shall not, in any one Year, exceed the Sum of Four-pence for every square Yard of Pavement, paved or repaired under the Direction of the said Commissioners, situate as aforesaid, or belonging to or lying before such Yards, dead Walls, or void Spaces of Ground; which Rates and Assessments shall commence the twenty-fifth Day of Mcnc}\ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and By whom said the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made and paid for such Parish Church, Church-Rates to be paid, yard, and Parochial Chapels, shall be paid by the Church-wardens or Chapel-wardens respectively, out of any of the Monies payable to and received by the said Church-wardens or Chapel-wardens reflectively, either for Seats in the said Church or Chapels, or for Burial Fees; and the Rate or Rates, AffeiTnrntor Assessments, to be made and paid for any other Chapel, Meeting-house, School, Market, Warehouse, or other public Building, dead Wall, or void Space of Ground, shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, and shall be charged and chargeable on the said Premises, and be recovered and applied in such Manner as other Rates and Assessments are directed to be recovered and applied by this Act.

Unfinished 4 Houses, &c. to

LXXV. And whereas there are several Houses and other Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, frequently begun to be built, but are not finished nor let: And forasmuch as it is reasonable thic such berated. c Houses and Buildings should be rated and assessed for the Purposes aforesaid Be it therefme enacted,

That until such Houses or other Buildings which now are or hereafter may be built, or in building, iWl be finished and tenacted (if the Street, Square, Lane, or other Place, wherein such House or other Building shall be situate, shall be paved and lighted by virtue and in pursuance of this Act), it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby

207

A.D. 177T. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 33.

required and directed, when and as soon as conveniently may be, to rate and assess, according to their Dif-cretion, all such Houses and other Buildings which shall be fuuate within the Limits aforesaid, and which are or shall be created and cover- d in, at a Rate not exceeding Four-pence for every square Yard of Ground paved, or to be paveJ, by virtue of this Act, and belonging to the Fronts or Sides of such Houses or other Buildings; and for al! Houses and other Buildings which aie or shall be ereifted and not covered in, at a Rate not exceeding Two-pence for every squaie Yard of Ground paved, or to be paved, by virtue of this Act, and belonging to the Fronts or Sides of such Houses and other Buildings, until the same shall be covered in as aiorel.tid, and then at a Rate not exceeding Four-pence for every square Yard, until the same shall be let or occupied; which Rate* or Assessments shall commence from the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-onc, and shall be paid by and recoverable from the Proprietor or whom pVyable/ Proprietors, Le(lee or Lessees, Owner or Owners of such House or Houses, Building or Buildings respectively, and shall be charged and chargeable on the said Premises: And if the said Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lei tecs, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same upon Demand; then, and in every such Case, such Rate or Rates, Assessment or AlkfTments, and nil Arrears due thereon, shall and may be levied on the Goods and Chattels of the Per foil or Persons so required to pay the same, in Manner herein after directed; and in case the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lefice or Lcfices of such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, shall not be known, or cannot be found, or shall be under Commnlion of Bankruptcy, then the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments made thereon, shall be and remain charged and chargeable on the said Premises, until the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Le (fee or Lessee s, can be found, or until Assignees, in case of Bankruptcy, are appointed, when the same, and all Arrears due thereon, shall be levied on the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors, or Lefice or Lrliecs, or upon the Goods and Chattels of such Assignee or Assignets, who is and are hereby made liable to pay the same, or upon the said Premises, in like Manner as other Rates made by virtue of this Act are made recoverable.

LXXVI. And whereas there are, and hereafter may be, new Streets and Places which are not paved, New Street*,

Part of which is built and in buiMing, and (mail Pieces or Parcels of Ground in several of the Squares, *c-10 Pave<

Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the Limits aforesaid, unbuilt upon, Proprietor*,

are neither paved, clearfed, nor lighted: And when as it would be a Means of greatly forwarding the good Purposts intended by this Act, if Builders and others, who by Law are liable to pave the same,

were to pay such Sum or Sums of Money for that Purpose as is herein after directed to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same ;* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to view and inspect any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place within the Limits aforesaid, which now is or hereafter may be built upon, or in building; and if upon such View they shall be ot Opinion that the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, is or are fit and proper to be paved, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, after such View, shall and may order their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them appointed for that Purpose, to give Notice to the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lefice or Lelfces of any such Lands, Grounds, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach house, Stable, Cellar, Vault,

Tenement, or Hereditament, in any such Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place, or leave the same at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, or with his or their known Servant or Servants; or if no such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, can be found, then such Notice shall be fiuck against the said Premises, or any Part thereof; which Notice shall require Owners, &c. to such Own r or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, to meet such Commissioners at the most com-Time and Place therein mentioned, not being Ids than ten Days from the Date of such Notice, to com- round ,or P*'v pound for the paving thereof, at any Sum not exceeding three Shillings for every square Yard of such Pave- ,/ig# ment, whether Carriage-way or Foot-way; which Composition the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised to make; and if such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors,

Lessee or Lessees, shall not attend, or shall not compound or agree with the said Commissioners as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to order the f*me to be paved as soon as conveniently may be; and all the Charges and Expences attending such paving shall bepaid by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, and shall be recovered. nd levied upon tiicir Goods and Chattels in the Manner herein after directed.

LXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained Owners of wi-shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower the kid Commissioners to charge, or make charge- cant Ground*, able, any me Proprietor, Owner, or Lefice of such vacant Ground, with more than two hundred square *c* hf‘w to be Yards of Paving* on account of any such vacant Ground in any one Square, Street, or Place, until the same shall be built upon, or shall be in build ing.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk or Clerks for the time clerks to make he ing to the said Commissioners lhull, ami he or they is and are hereby required to keep proper Entries in a Entries of Book or Books to be kept for that Pui pole, anu ligned by the said Comm dinners, who shall have made RatC5* such Rates and Airdlments respectively of ali and singular the Rates and Assessments which they shall make by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid; to which Book or Books r vciy Person liable to pay the said Rates or AficlUnents shall and may have free Access at all convenient Times, and shall be permitted to inspect the same without bee or Reward.

LXXIX. And, for the better and more effectual raising and levying the Rates and Assessments dircefird Rate* howto he to be made by this Act/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Inhabitants

recovered on Rc-

fulall°f

ao8 C. 33.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Recovery of Rates.

or Occupiers, or any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, of any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the Limits aforesaid, and herein before made liable to pay any Rate or Assessment made, laid, and assessed by virtue of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money rated and assessed upon him, her, or them respectively, and all Arrears due thereon, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors appointed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to collect or levy such Rates or Assessments by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, and all Arrears due upon the said Rates or Assessments, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refusing, which shall be found either within the Limits aforesaid or elsewhere; and if within five Days next after such Distress shall be made, the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, shall not be paid, together with the reasonable Charges of talcing and keeping the same, the said Collector or Collectors shall cause the said Goods to be appraised and fold, or such Part thereof as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the reasonable Charges of making such Distress, and of keeping and selling the same, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively.

LXXX. And whereas it may happen that many Persons liable to, and who may be charged, rated,

and assessed towards defraying the Expence of paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, may, before the Payment of the Sums which may be rated on them respectively, quit and leave their Lands, Grounds, Dwelling- houses. Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Square, Street, or Place where the same shall be rated and addled, and remove to some other Square, Street, or Place, which are not within the Limits aforesaid, and thereby endeavour to avoid the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments Be it therefore enacted, That when any Person or Persons who hath or have been so rated and assessed shall quit his, her, or their Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, in any Square, Street* or Place, wherein such Rate or Assessment has been made, before he, she, or they shall have paid the fipne, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the same when due and demanded by the Collector or Collectors au'horned and appointed to receive the same, that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, or one of them, by Warrant obtained under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of Peace for the County of Middlesex (which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant in any Place within the County of Middlesex

aforesaid) and such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty where the Distress is to be made (which Warrant such Magistrate is hereby required to back or -countersign without Fee or Reward) to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, and to sell the same, rendering the Overplus (if any be) after having deducted the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made.

LXXXI. Provided always, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, may, if they shall think proper, sue, in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers, for all or any of the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, which shall be made by virtue of this Act, and all Arrears due thereupon and unpaid; in which Action no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

No Contra for

LXXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nc thing in this Act contained shall

paving, ice. to be deemed or taken to make void any Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement between Landlord and Tenant,

touching or concerning the paving, repairing, cleansing, or lighting any or any Part of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, within the Limits aforesaid; but that every Person who is now, by virtue of any such Contract or Agreement, obliged to pave, keep in Repair, and cleanse any or any Part of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made and assessed, or so much thereof as such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, shall deem just, and according to the true Meaning of such Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during the Time that such Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, shall remain in Force; and in case any Dispute shall arise concerning such Covenant, Contraft, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have Power to hear and finally determine the same.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That all and every Person or Persons paying the Rates and Assessments by this Act laid and a fie fil'd, shall be, and they and every of them is and are hereby exempted and discharged from the Expence of paving, cleansing, lighting, or keeping in Repair the said Squares, Streets, or Places, or any of them, and also from all Penalties which may or might be incurred by reason of their neglecting to pave, cleanse, light, or keep the same in Repair.

LXXXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent the collecting any Arrears due from any Person or Persons within the Limits aforesaid for any of the Purposes of this Act.

Olirftorsto pay

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector or Collectors of the M.'rifvasre- Rates and Assessments aforesaid shall pay the Money as he or they shall receive the same, to the Treasurer

env otothe or Treasurers for the time being to the said Commissioners; and upon Payment of every such Sum of

~ rc?.!urer j Money to such Treasurer or Treasurers, such Collector or Collectors shall take a Receipt for the same of the

Rates may be lued for in tike Name of the Treasurer.

the void by this Act.

'Persons paying Ra*es exempted from paving, &c.

but not to excuse Arrears,

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 33. 209

the said Treasurer or Treasurers, which shall be given without Fee or Reward, and therein the Name or Names of such Collector or Collectors shall be expressed, and the Sum or Sums of Money paid shall be specified; and if such Collector or Collectors shall at any time keep and retain in his or their Hands more than ar.) Urr it ^!. if

the Sum of one hundred Pounds, for any Time longer than the Sp»:e of two Days (provided the Trca- d.eyke ? ve

forer or Treasurers to such Commissioners shall within that Time be ready to receive the lame), he or they two*L>i\-«

shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for every Day that he or they shall retain any Sum exceeding Ian "°

the saul Sum of one hundred Pounds beyond the said two Days.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be if;cr the Person or Persons, Tre surer to py or any or either of them, acting as Treasurer or Treasurers to such Commissioners as aforesaid, shall at inw the any Tune have received the Sum of five hundred Pounds of the Monies appointed to be received by him or B,mt* tn< m, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, he or they shall, from time to time, pay the same into the Dank of England, in the Name and on the Account of such Commissioners, and the same shall be disposed of by Order of such Commissioners, or any seven or moie of them, for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers, Off ers to ae-Collector or Collectors, and other Officers to be appointed as aforesaid for the time being, shall, upon three Days Notice in Writing given, or left for them respectively at their usual Places of Abode, by the Clerk a or Clerks to such Commissioners as aforesaid, deliver in upon Oath (if thereunto respectively required) to such Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at such Time and Place as they shall appoint (which Oath such Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) a true and prriect Account in Writing, under the respective Hands of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, and other Officers and Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also all Monies which he or they shall have received by re a loti of his or their laid Office or Offices, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed by Order of the said Commissioners appointed for the Execution of this Act, or any seven or more of them, and for what Purpose, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; also a true Lilt of the Names of all Persons who shall have neglected or refused to pay the Rates or Assessments laid on them as aforesaid, and of the several Sums of Money from him, her, or them respectively due and in Arrear, together with the Dates that tr.c fame respectively become due, to the Intent that the same may be speedily g >t in and recovered; ard if any Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, or other Officer or Officers, after such Notice Officers refusing given, shall neglect or refuse to bring in his Account as aforesaid, and to produce and deliver the Vouchers to account, relating to the lame, or to account (or any Sum or Sums of Money by him or them received and collected, and to pay the same and every Part thereof, as is herein before directed, such Treasurer or Treasurers, Col- forevrryNcglef* lector or Collectors, Officer or Officers, shall, for bvery such Neglect or Refusal respectively, forfeit the or Refusal for-Sum of ten Pounds; and it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed for the fcit ,o1* Execution of this Act, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, an^ Action in the Names of such Commissioners, or any five or more of them, against such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, for the Recovery as well of the said Forfeiture as of the Monies which shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officers or Persons respectively; or if Ju/Hcestom-Complaint shall be made by such Commissioners, or by any Person or Persons by them, or any seven or thi

more of them, appointed, of any such Neglect or Refusal, any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place u

wherein such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Persons so neghxting or refuting shall be and reside, may, and is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Persons so neglecting or refusing, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not bein^ to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) it shall appear to such Justice, that any of the Monies which shall have been collected, raised, and received by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Officers or Persons, fd unaccounted for by them respectively, such Justice and If vy the may, and is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause Penalty, such Money, as also such Forfeiture as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Colkdtor or Collectors, Officers or Persons respectively; and if no For want of Goods or Chattels of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officers or Persons, can be D«mc»f offound sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, as also the said Forfeitures, and the Charges of di- fender draining and felling the Goods and Chattels so distrained; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such cornmu c Justrce shall commit every such Offender to the House of Correction, until he or they shall imke and give a true and perfect Account as aforesaid, or until he or they shall compound with the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and (frail have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint 5 which Composition the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to make; or untd lie shall deliver up such books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, and give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That four Times at lead in every Year an CoMe^on t# Account from the Book or Books to be kept by the Collector or Collectors of the said Rates, Duties, Sum acco, nl *our and Sums of Money as alleflod, shall bu fairly dated, and ligned by the said Collector or Collectors, and Tiiccl 'car# delivered by him or them to such Commissioners as aforesaid, who are hereby impowered to discharge the Lid Collector or Collectors of all Monies winch he or they shall have truly accounted for.

210

c. 33-

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer or Treasurers, Colk&or or Collector* Officers or other Persons, shall happen to die or become Bankrupt before he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the Monies by him or them received by virtue of this Act, then, and in every such Cai'e, the Executors, Administrators, Executrix, Administratrix, or other legal Representative or Representatives* or Person or Persons possessing the Estate and Effects of every such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers, or other Person, or the Assignee or Assignees of such Bankrupt, shall, out of such Estate and Effects, pay unto the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time then being to the said Commissioners, all such Sums of Money as should be in the Hands of such Persons respectively, at the Time of his or their Death, or at the Time of suing out any Commission of Bankruptcy against him or them* and not paid over, or so much thereof as the said Estate or Effects will extend to pay; and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall be a good Discharge for the said Money j and every Executor or Administrator, Assignee or Assignees, or other Persons as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit commenced or brought against him, her, or them, plead or give in Evidence the Authority of this Act for such Payment, and shall be allowed the same prior to any Debt or Demand whatsoever; and in case of Nonpayment of the same by the Space of five Years after the same shall have been demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being to such Commissioners, and he or they is and are hereby directed and required, in his or their own Name or Names, to commence one or more AH ion or Actions, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against such Executors, Ad-niinistrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other Persons as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the same; in which Action no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Treasurer to pay

XC. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Monies drawn Commissioners as aforesaid for the time being, shall and may, and is and are hereby authorised and required, out of the Monies paid to him or them, in pursuance of this Act, to pay all Sums of Money drawn upon him or them, or ordered to be paid by such Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, for the Purpolbs of this Act; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being shall, and is and are hereby required to keep regular and fair Entries in a Book or Books, to be by him or them for that Purpose provided, of all and singular the Receipts and Payments which he or they shall make as aforesaid; to which Book or Books, every Inhabitant within the Limits of this Act shall and may have free Access at all convenient Times, and shall be permitted to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and also that the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being shall have the said Account audited and pasted by the Commissioners for the time being, or any seven or more of them, who are hereby impowered and required to audit and pass the same.

XCI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Actions shall be brought by or by Order of such Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, against any Person or Persons whatsoever for the Recovery of any Money or Monies by virtue of this Act, or for any Materials, Matters, and Things, fold and delivered by them, or any of their Officers by their Order, or for the Recovery of any Rate or Rates, or any other Purpose whatsoever, and a Verdict shall be had and given against any such Person and Persons against whom such Action or Actions shall be brought, such Person or Persons shall pay Double Costs, and the said Commissioners, in such Action or Actions, shall have such Remedy or Remedies for recovering the same, as any Plaintiff or Plaintiff's may have for his, her, or their Colls in any other Cases by Law.

XCII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this hvi.dby D:iircis AH imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) and Sale. shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex (which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Informer deemed information of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath): And the Informer is hereby rendered a competent Witness (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administerj; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whole Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first dcduHed, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers Co the said Commissioners for the time being, and shall be applied to and for the s of this Act.

XCIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to order their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, to pay such Part of the said Penalties to the Informer as they shall judge reasonable, not exceeding one half thereof.

XCIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespass'er or Trespassers, on account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Fames be deemed a Trespass'er or Trespass'ers ob initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Patty or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity'may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Caie.

XCV\ Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any AHion, or for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behilf of thi Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, every or any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought and in caie no such Tender shall have

On Death or Bankruptcy of Officers, legal Representatives to pay the Monies remaining in H md 10 the Treasurer,

V/r.ofe Receipt Ciall be a Discharge.

On Non-payment for live Vears, Trea-fjr.-r may commence Action fur Recovery.

upon him,

and keep a regular Account. Rooks to be inti cited gratis.

Commissioners

©fctjtninp, Verdict, Defendant to pay Dcuoie Coifs.

Penalties may be

a competent

Wit AC ft.

Commissioners may reA Jid informers.

Diffi-fs net so be de.ined unlawful lor w-nt or Form, nor, the P-rty a 'I r< fp.tller ab initio.

PI tlntiff not to reoverif Tender of ArrcnJs bath been made*

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

21 I

A.D. 1771.

C. 33»’

have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any Acton, by Leave cjf the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Jfliic joined, to pay into the Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgement shall he had, made, or given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Mon- v into Court.

XCVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons f© find think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or ^-arcr any other Matter or Thing done, or directed to be done, in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall apply for Relief to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, at any Meeting to be held \v:thin one Month next after Demand made of such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or next after such Matter or Thing done and committed by or by Order of the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered (if they shall think such Person or Persons aggrieved) to give Inch Relief in the Premises as to them shall leem nccelhry; and if such Person or Persons shall not be i.\u ft;J with the Determination of such Commissioners, he, she, or they shall be obliged to pay such Rule or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and to comply with such Order of the said Commissioners, and then ill all and may appeal to the (Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the f.iid County of within three Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners, such Appellant first giving, c^r causing to be given, twenty-one Days Notice at the lead in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Wore* o’A? Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to such Commissioners, and, within two p*l t*> ©»vvn. Hays next after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before such Justice of the Pence for the faii County, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abiJc the Order of, and to pay such Colts as shall be awarded by the Justices of such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices, at such Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices, at their Quarter Sessions, shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Older, Judge- Writing '0 be front. Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, or Alignment, Transfer, or other Security for the borrowing of without Stair?*. Money, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by :»ny Commissioner or Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or by any of them, touching, concerning, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vested in such Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, or Transfer or Assignment of any of the Securities aforesaid made by any Person or Persons, shall he charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rate or Rates, Assessment or Proceeding* not Assessments, nor any Proceeding, to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against to l,c this Act, or any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the waaf 01 oim* Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or by norremovcJ by any other Wr it or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ any Law, Ctniorari. Statute, or Usage to the contrary nctv/ithflanaing.

XCIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences Expences of thii of paliing this Act, and all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, shall be borne, paid, and de- Aa how to be frayed out of the first Monies arising by virtue of this Act.

C. And whereas the Streets and other Places within the Parishes of Saint John and Saint James Clerkenwell* Tor blowing € krnuefl^ have been cleansed at the joint Expence of the Inhabitants of both Parishes, by an equal Rate or 3o1 per An:r»m

AlLII.nent: And whereas if the Money to be raised within each Parish for cleansing the said Streets and to the pAnfh jt € Places, should be applied only to the Streets and Places within the Parish where the same shall be raised, Int Jamc5*

the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint James will be put to a much greater Expence for cleansing the

Streets and other Places within the fail Parish, than if the same were done by one Rate or Assessment to

be raised and assessed* upon the Inhabitants of both Parishes as heretofore Be* it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, and are hereby author,k i and required, out of any Money which shall be raised by virtue of this Act, to pay or cause to be paid to the Scavengers for the said Parish of Saint James Clerkenwell, for the time being, the annual Sum of thirty Pounds forever, by two equal half-yearly Payments, upon the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-ninth Day of September^ the first Payment thereof to begin and be made on the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one 5 and the Money so to be received by the said Scavengers shall, from time to time, be applied for the Purpose of cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Parish of Saint James Clerkenwell, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

CI. Provided always, That if at any Time her after the Scavengers Rate for the said Parish of Saint provifr.

James Clerkenwell% which is now Fourpence in the Pound, shall be lei’s than that Sum, that then a proportional Abatement shall he made in the said annual Payment of thirty Pounds, for such Time and Times ns the said Rate (h.dl continue under Eourpence in the Pound as aforesaid; any Thing herein before contained to the c^ntraty notwithstanding.

CII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced Limitation of ag.ir fl any Person or Persons for any T hin.: done in pursuance of this Act, un i! twenty one Days No-tee load be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, or after Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months

212

[General Issue.]

[Public Act.]

[Treble Costs.]

[Preamble.]

C. 34. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

next after the Fact committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and all such Actions and Suits shall be laid and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and that tile Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, and every of them, may plead lie General Issue, and give this ACT, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for or on which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this ACT; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the |ury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonfuieed, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or iftipona Demurrer or Demurrers, in such ACTion or Actions, Suit or Suits, Judgement shall he given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in other Cases by Law.

CIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this ACHhall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for enabling certain Persons to inclose and embank Part of the River Thames, adjoining to Durham 2'ard, Salisbury Street, Cecil Street, and Beaufort Buildings, in the County of Middlesex.

WHEREAS the Course of the River Thames forms a Targe Bend or Angle round the Surrey Shore, between Westminster Bridge and the Neiv Bridge at Black Friars, in the Middle of which Bend the said River is much wider than at either of the said Bridges, which tends to weaken the Rapidity of the Stream, and thereby contributes to an Accumulation of Mud and Silt on the Westminster Side, and to a very extensive Sand Bank on the other Side: And whereas the Navigation of the said River is greatly impeded by the said Sand Bank, especially at Low Water, and the Mud and Silt so collected on the North

Shore renders the Access to the Wharfs and Grounds on that Side very difficult, and in some Parts of the

Tide impaflible, to the manifest Injury of the Public, as well as private Detriment to the Proprietors of the said Wharfs and Grounds: And whereas the said Navigation might be greatly improved, and the said Nuifinces and Inconveniencies considerably diminished by an Embankment on the North Part of the said River, within the Bay or Hollow of the said Bend, which, by advancing the unequal and irregular Fronts of the said Wharfs and Grounds into an uniform Line, would give a proper Direction to the Stream, and,

by narrowing the unnecessary Width of the Bed of the said River in this Part, would considerably deepen the Channel thereof: And whereas John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, and JFt Mam Adam, and

James Paine, Architects, Dorothy Monk Widow, Clementina Paivjon Widow, and William Kitchiner Coal Merchant, having very valuable Freehold and Leasehold Interests in the Houses, Wharfs, and Grounds in Durham lard, Salifhwy Street, Cecil Street, and Beaufort Buildings, next adjoining to the said River, are willing to execute such Embankment in the Front of their respective Properties at their own Expence: But such Embankment cannot be lawfully and eiFcdlually made without the Authority of Parliament;* May it therefore please your Majesty, upon the humble Petition of the said John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, and William Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pazufcn, and William Kitchiner, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assernbled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pawson, and William Kitchiner, their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to inclose and embank so much of the Ground and Soil of the said River, as lies on the North Side thereof, in the Front of their respective Houses, Wharfs, and Grounds in Durham Yard, S'j-Hfbury Street, Cecil Street, and Beaufort Buildings, aforesaid, so as the Wall of such Embankment next the said River do run in a Line nearly parallel with, and not exceeding the DiAance of eighty Feet from the Terras lately begun, and now neatly completed in the Front, and intended to constitute a Part of certain Buildings at or near Du ham aforesaid, called The Adelphi, from a Point in the said River, over-against the South-east Corner of the said Terras, to another Point in the lame River, over-against the South-west Corner of the same Terras; and from thence, with a convex-circular Sweep, from the Did last mentioned Point, to the South-east Corner of the Terras belonging to York Buildings, and so as the said Wall next the said River do run in a strait Line, from the said first-mentioned Point, to a Point in the said River over-agair.ft and in a Line with, and not exceeding the DiAance of sixty Feet from the Last Boundary of the Ground and Buildings of the said Jfid:am Kitchiner; and from the said last mentioned Point, with a convex-circular Sweep, to the South-west Corner of the projecting Wall of the Buildings commonly called The 8 Savoy;

213

A.D. 1771. Anno umlecimo Georgii III. C. 3 f.

y ?r*v; t^e Foundations of the said Front Wall to be mnrle with such t-o(F towards the said Rive-, and the t.'.ul \\rall to be guarded wi»h such P:lrs, and other Defences, as shall be thought requiiiieor expedient for lei tiring the Stability and Duration thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the GrounJ and Soil of the said River so 95°ltn<! l:fthe to be inclosed and embanked in the Front of such respective House, Wharf, or Piece of Ground, fhdl veil,k'dln'he ar.J the lame is hereby vested in the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such adjoining House, pront of'c,cll Wharf, or Ground respectively, according to his, her, or their respective Eliatcs, Truits, or Imercfts h >u‘e, to>e

th ercin. *efle»l in the

III. Provided always, That no Shed or Sheds, Funding or Buildings of any Kind whatsoever, h:ghei °/vyr

than twenty Feet above the Level of high Water Mark (cx.ept as herein after is mentioned) shall at any I^rrrct-^on Timeor limes hereafter be crebted or built upon any Part of the said Ground and Soil, so to be inch ^«h«c"u,; .0 and embanked; nor fh nil the lame contain any hire-place. Chimney, or Funnel, for the Conveyance ol be embinked.

S tv kc, which th-li \entitself above the Top of any such Sired or Building; nor shall any Coals, Limber,

Blanks, or other Goods, Ware*, or Merchandises, be piled up upon any Part of the said Ground and Soil h gher than thnty Feet above the Level of high Water Mark, upon Pain that every Shtd or Building,

Fire-place, Chimney, or Funnel, winch shall he creeled or built, and all Coal*, 'Limber, Planks, Goods,

W arc*, and Men lunJifcs, (Much shall be piled up ur>on any Part of the said Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof. Hi all be deemed, construel, and taken to be a public Nuisance, and may be proceeded against and redrHied as a public Nuisance; and all and every Person and Persons guilty thereof, shall and may be prosecuted or indicted accordingly; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall inti may be Ternsaf Lwlul for the Lid Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such respective House-, Wharfs, and lum V*>n. m4y Ground*, to build or erect upon the said (ground, so to be inclosed and embanked as aforesaid, such Buildings as shall be nereflary for completing the said Terras and Buildings called The Adelphi, according to the rrefent Plan or Delicti the'cof; and also such Buildings as shall be necessary for continuing such Terras r.affward from The Adelphi, to the South-west Corner of the Buildings commonly called The Savoy; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And where is the Mayor and Commonalty, ami Citizens of the City of London, claim a Right to Rights of the the Soil of the River Thames so proposed to be inclosed and embanked as aforesaid, and on that Account Citizens of Lor inlist, that the Laid John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam* William Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Monk,*0*to bc Clementina Paujon, and William Kitchiner, ought to make Satisfaction to them the said Mayor and Com- 11 aWv monahy, and Citizens of London, for the Liberty of embanking as aforesaid: And whereas it is just and reasonable, that the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of London, should be at Liberty to try the said Right at Law ;* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, to proceed to a Trial of the said Claim before the Chief Justice, or any other of the Judges of his Majesty's Court of Kin* s Bench, or Court of Common Pleas, at the Sittings of Nisi Pnus, in the mid County of Middlesex, in or after Michaelmas Term now next ensuing, in a feigned Action for that Purpose, to be commenced in his Majesty's said Court of Kings Bench, or Court of Common Phas, on or before the first Day of Trinity Term now next ensuing, wherein the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, shall be Plaintiffs, and the said John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James Painty Dorothy Monk, Clementina Paujon, and William Kitchiner, Defendants, upon one or more Issue or Issues, to be settled by the Court in which the said Action shall be commenced, if the Parties shall differ in the fettbng thereof; which Issue or Issues to be tried by a Special Jury of Freeholders of the said County of Middlesex, whose Verdict thereupon, if the same shall be satisfactory to the Court where the Gaufc is tiled, shall he final and conclusive to all the said Parties; and in case a Verdict shall be found for the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, as to the said Right, the said Jury shall, upon their Oaths esquire, as well what Damages have been, or will bc sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction ought to be made to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of London, for so much of the Soil of the said River Thames as shall be taken away for the Purpose of embanking as aforesaid, as well as the respective Parts and Proportions of such Damages and Satisfaction which ought to bc paid by the said John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Monk, Clementina Paujon, and William Kitchiner, according to their several and respective Interests in the Soil of the said River so to be embanked, and to indorse the same upon the Pojiea; and for the better ascertaining such Damages, and the Lid Proportions thereof as aforesaid, the Court in which the said Action shall be commenced, fhJI, upon the Application of either of the Parties, cause the laij Jury to view the Places in question; to which said Jury,

as well the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, as the said John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Monk, Clementina Paujon, and William Kitchiner, or any of them, and all others interelltd, shall have their lawful Challenges; and the said Court where the said Action shall be tried, shall, upon th^ Verdict of the said Jury, in such feigned Action, give Judgement thereon according to Law; whiih Judgement shall be recorded by the said Court, anti shall finally bind and bc conclusive to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of London, and also to the said John Adam, Robert Adam,

Jan.fi Adam, William Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Monk, Clementina Paujon, and William Kitchiner, and all others interfiled in the said Embankment.

VI. And whereas the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter in Westminster, do Ri^htofth*

also claim a Right to the Soil of the said River Thames, within the Liberty of the said City of WejPnv per, and Ch p- and on that Account infill, that the said John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James n^fler maj be Paine, Dorothy Monk, Clementina Paujon, and William Kitchiner, ought to make Satisla&ion to the said

214

C. 35. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

# Dean and Chapter for the Liberty of embanking as aforesaid: And whereas it is just and reasonable that the said Dean and Chapter should be at Liberty to try the said Right at Law \ Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Dean and Chapter to proceed to a Trial of the said Right before the Chief Justice, or any other of the Judges of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or Court of Common Pleas, at the Sittings of Nisi Prius, in the said County of Middlesex, in or after Michaelmas Term now next ensuing, in a feigned Action for that Purpose, to be commenced in his Majesty's said Court of King's Bench, or Court of Common Pleas, on or before the first Day of Trinity T erm now next ensuing, wherein the said Dean and Chapter shall be Plaintiffs, and the said John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pawson, and William Kitchiner, Defendants, upon one or more Issue or Hides, to be settled by the Court in which the said Action shall be commenced: If the Parties shall differ in the settling thereof, such Issue or Issues to be tried by a Special Jury of Freeholders of the said County of Middlesex, whose Verdict thereupon, if the same shall be satisfactory to the Court where the Cause is tried, shall be final and conclusive to all the said Parties: And in case a Verdict shall be found for the said Dean and Chapter as to the said Right, the said Jury shall, upon their Oaths, esquire, as well what Damages have been or will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction ought to be made to the said Dean and Chapter for so much of the Soil of the said River Thames as shall be taken away for the Purpose of embanking as aforesaid, as well as the respective Par!% and Proportions of such Damages and Satisfaction which ought to be paid by the said John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pawson, and William Kitchiner, according to their several and respective Interests in the Soil of the said River so to be embanked, and to indorse the same upon the Pojha: And for the better ascertaining such Damages, and the said Proportions thereof as aforesaid, the Court in which the said Action shall be commenced shall, upon the Application of either of the Parties, cause the said Jury to view the Places in question; to which said Jury, as well the fai i Dean and Chapter as the said John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pawson, and William Kitchiner, or any of them, and all others interested, shall have their lawful Challenges: And the said Court where the said Action shall be tried shall, upon the Verdict of the said Jury in such feigned Action, give Judgement thereon according to Law; which Judgement shall be recovered by the said Court, and shall finally bind and be conclusive to the said Dean and Chapter, and also to the said John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pawson, and William Kitchiner, and all others interested in the said Embankment.

[Public Act.]f

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, or other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for reducing into one Act of Parliament the several Laws relating to the Keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder, and for more effectually preventing Mischiefs by keeping or carrying Gunpowder in too great Quantities.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the several Acts which regulate the Keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder within England are defective, and require Amendment, and the reducing them into one Law would faciiitate their Execution: And whereas there is, at present, no Provision for Regulation of the Keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder in Scotland:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Dealers in Gen- Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons shall have or keep, at powder not to any one Time, being a Dealer or Dealers in Gunpowder, more than two hundred Pounds of Gunpowder, keep more than ancj not being such, more than fifty Pounds of Gunpowder, in any House, Mill, Magazine, Storehouse, n^re than°olb ^archouse. Shop, Cellar, Yard, Wharf, or other Building or Place, occupied by the same Person or Per-inTny Place fons, (all Buildings and Places adjoining to each other, and occupied together, being to be deemed one within London House or Place within this Act) or on any River or other Water, except in Carriages loading or unloading, or Westminster, or passing on the Land, or in Ships, Boats, or Vessels, loading or unloading, or passing on any River or &c. or in any other Water, or detained there by the Tide or bad Weather, within the following Limits; that is to say, G riVcrhaln Within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within three Miles of either of them; or within any City, except in Places Borough, or Market Town of Great Britain, or within one Mile of the same; or within two Miles of any allowed by the Palace or House of Residence of his present Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of her present Majesty the subsequent Pro- Queen, or any Queen Consort or Dowager; or within one Mile of any Gunpowder Magazine belonging visions of the to ^js Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; or within half a Mile of any Parish Church; or in any other Parc of Great Britain (except in Places where it shall be lawful to keep unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder by

Penalty of keep-

Force of the Provisions herein after contained) on Pain of forfeiting all the Gunpowder in Specie beyond ing con’iaiy to the Quantity hereby allowed to be kept, and the Barrels in which such Gunpowder shall be, and also one the A ’ Shilling for every Pound of Gunpowder beyond such allowed Quantity.

No Person shall

II. And, in order to provide for the safe Carriage of Gunpowder,* be it further enacted, That no Per-convey mote son or persons shall have or convey, at any one Time, within Great Britain, more than two thousand Wt"o^Gun- Pounds of Gunpowder in any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, by Land, or more than five thousand powder by Land, Pounds of Gunpowder in any Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, by Water (except in Vessels with Gunpowder or 5000ib. Wt. on board, imported from or to be exported to any Place beyond Sea); and all Gunpowder conveyed on % Water, Arc, Land

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 35. 215

Land or Water (except In Tech Vessels for Importation or Exportation of Gunpowder, as aforesaid) shall Manner of c*r-bc in Barrels dole joined and hooped, without any Iron about them, and so secured that no Part of the nring, &c. prt-Gunpowder be feattered in the PalLge, 2nd each Barrel shall contain no more than one hundred Pounds of*1, Gunpowder; and, when conveyed by Land, shall be entirely inclosed in a Leather Bag, ora Bag commonly called a Salt VetrtBag\ and every Carriage or Vdlcl (except such Vessels as aforesaid) in which Gunpowder (h.dl be conveyed by Land or Water, shall have a compleat Covering of Wood, Painted cloth,

Tarpaulin, or Wadmill-tiits, over all that Part of the Carriage or Vessel in which the Gunpowder Barrels shall be placed, and all Gunpowder which shall be carried or conveyed (except in such Vessels for Importation or Exportation of Gunpowder as aforesaid) within any Part of Great Britain, in greater Quantity or in other Manner than is herein before prescribed; and the Barrels in which such Gunpowder shall be, may be seized by any Person or Persons, who shall have the same Authority to remove such Gunpowder and Bar- cauLa comrary* rcls, and to use for that Purpose (dut ing the Space of twenty-four Hours after Seizure) the Carriage or Vef- to the Act, and fel in which such Gunpowder (ha.li be seized, and the Tackling, Bealls, and Accoutrements belonging the Barrels, &c. thereto, on the ‘l'erms of pacing a Recompence for the Use thereof, and to duain such Gunpowder and the Seizuret be Barrels as is heiein after given to Per fan* searching under a Warrant of a Justice of the Peace; and such forpS °."n.Ulcf b^rzure shall be for his, her, or their own Use, on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders. the C^TenderT°

III. And,* for the more easy Discovery of the Keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder, contrary to the Ono justice may Provisions herein before made; Be it further enacted, '1 hat it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace grant Warrant of the County or other Divihon within Great Britain, in which Gunpowder is suspected to be kept or car- to search lor lied, contrary to this Act, on Demand made, and a reasonable Cause assigned, upon Oath, by any Person G,»nP°wl]«r €>r Persons, to issue a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, for searching in the Day-time any ^ca^tied con- Houses, Storehouses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Yards, Wharfs, or other Places, or any Carriages, trary to Act. Snips, Boats, or other Vessels, in which such Gunpowder is suspected to be kept or carried, contrary to this Act; and th^tall Gunpowder found upon such Search, to be kept or carried contrary to this Act, and also the Gunpowder Barrels, shall be immediately seized by the Searcher or Searchers, who shall, with all convenient Speed, after the Seizure, remove such Gunpowder, and the Barrels in which it shall be, to such proper Places as they, in Conformity to the Rcftruftions of this Act, shall think most convenient; and in the Case of any such Gunpowder seized in any Carriage or Vessel, may use for the Purpose of Removal, during the Space of twenty-four Hours after Seizure, such Carriage or Vessel, with the Tackling, Beads, and Accoutrements belonging thereto, paying afterward# to the Owner or Owners thereof, a sufficient Recompence for the Use thereof, to be settled by the Justices before whom the Complaint shall be heard, after the Seizure; and in case of Non-payment, immediately after Settlement determined by such Justices, to be recoverable by Distress and Sale of the Parties Goods and Chattels, as is herein after directed, concerning the pecuniary Penalties of this Act, and may detain such Gunpowder, and the Barrels in which it shall be, till it shall be adjudged whether the ian>e shall be forfeited, and shall not be liable to any Suit for such Detainer, or for any Lois of, or Damage which may happen, to the said Gunpowder or Barrels, other than by the wilful

Acts or Neglect of them, or the Perf ins with whom they shall intrust the keeping thereof.

IV. And whereas it may be necessary to have feme Places appointed, in which it may be lawful to erect

or make new Mills for making, and Magazines or Storehouses for keeping, unlimited Quantities of Gun- The JuffcMau- powder;* Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of each t!',r‘,7*don County, or other Division within Great Britain, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, upon Ap- tj4^tVhrir° plication made to them by any Person or Persons (such Person or Persons having given Notice in Writing ru.artrr Section*, of the Intention to make such Application, fourteen Days before making it, to an Overseer or Churchwar- loiicerf* M;i:& den of the Parish or Place in which it is proposed to erect or make any such new Mill, Magazine, or Store- o-Magazine for house, or of an adjoining Parish, if the Place shall be extraparochial, which Overseer or Churchwarden is al^fr£iteTP* hereby required to cause such Notice to be pub’.iekly read on the Sunday next ensuing, in the Parish Church after Divine Service) from time to time, to license the erecting or making such Mills, Magazines, or Cun owder in

btorehouies, for making or keeping unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder in such Places, not being within PUcet bcinj

London or Westminster, or any other Limits within Great Britain, herein before particularly prescribed, as wuhm London to such Justices shall appear most proper for that Purpose. &e. Westminster*

Fourteen Day* Notice of the Application to t>c give# to the Parish.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Penalty or Prosecution under this Act, for keeping unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder, without such Licence of the <*t;0Vundrr oiia Juitires, in any Magazine or Storehouse already built or uled for that Purpose, in any Plucc#not being A^t f0T keeping within London and it ejlmirjler, and the other Limits within Great Britain, herein before particularly de- un)irrite<’ Quan. fenbed, until the Expiration of six Calendar Months aitcr an Adjudication by ihc Justices of the Peace, ti 01 Gun. for the County or other Division, in which any such Magazine or Storehouse shall be, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, that the same is dangerous (it being hereby declared that they shall not have wfft°.n"

Authority to make any fmh Adjudication, except on Complaint made to them of any such Magazine or m nfler, &r. t;n Etufchouse, by some Householder of the Paiifti or Place in which the Magazine or Storehouse shall be; and the End ot 6 after due Summons of the Owner or Owners of the Magazine or Storehouse complained x>t, to answer such Month* after Complaint and Examination, on Oath of the Witnesses produced to funport or invalidate such Complaint) and also that no Person Hull be liable at any Time to any Penalty or Prosecution whatsoever. for keeping fame U* unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder without such Licence of the Justices of the Peace, in any M ngazine or (or.fcrcui. Storehouse erected by Appointment of the Justices of the Peace, under the Power given to them, by any of No Person to bn the former Acts regulating the Keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder. lub’.e to»roie-

OO rt 1 on for kmu

to| nUinuted Quantities of Gunpowdu La Msgaaiats creCled by Appointment of the Joftion nde-

VI. Ani

cut on lor krrpm the foimci Arts.

216 C.

35*

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Lefltes rf M4

VI. And whereas Leases, or Agreements for Leases, may have been made of Magazines, Storehouses, ga*inrs in which or other Places for keeping Gunpowder, and, in consequence of this Act, it may become unlav/ful to unlawful Q^an- < keep unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder in some of such Magazines, Storehouses, or Places Be it l*owd« c?nnot t^leretore enacted, That in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Lessee or Tenant of any such bc ^may Magazine, Storehouse, or Place for keeping Gunpowder, to make void any such Lease or Agreement,

make vlid their upon giving three Calendar Months Notice in Writing to the LelTor or Owner of such Magazine, Store* Leal'-s, on giv- house, or Place, of the Desire of the Tenant to have such Lease or Agreement determined; and upon paying to such Lessor or Owner all Rents and Sums of Money which shall become due for the same, to the Time of Determination limited in such Notice, and upon performing all Covenants and Agreements on the Part of the Lessee or Tenant to that Time.

VII. And, for Security of the great Number of Ships and Vessels lying in the River Thames, and of the Dock Yards, Wharfs, and Buildings, on the Sides of the Thanks above Blackwall;* Be it further *fcove enabled, That no Master or Commander of any Ship or other Veil'd, lying in the Thames, and outward rd°b*ture bound, shall receive, or permit to be received, on board any such Ship or Vessel, more than twenty five Pounds of Gunpowder (except for the King’s Service) before Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at, over-against, or below hlackwall; and that the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel coming into the River Thames, shall (except in the Case of Gunpowder for the King’s Service) put on Shore in proper frhtn thed Vef* Places, *n Conformity to the Restrictions of this Act, all the Gunpowder on board such Ship or Vessel, Thames*ro land above the Quantity of twenty-five Pounds, either before the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at Blackwall, or within twenty-four Hours (if the Weather shall permit) after coming to an Anchor there, or to the Place of unloading the re, and shall not afterwards have on board more than twenty-five Pounds of Gunpowder (except for the King’s Service) on Pain of forfeiting, for every Offence in any of the said cases, all the Gunpowder found on board above the Weight of twenty-five Pounds, and the Barrels in which such Gunpowder shall be, and also one Shilling for every Pound of Gunpowder above the Quantity of twenty-five Pounds.

VIII. And, for the better Discovery of Masters or Commanders of inward or outward bound Ships, who shall have Gunpowder in their Ships or Vessels in the Thames, contrary to this Act;* Be it further

sTrm?d in enat^ecU That the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, in the County of Kent, for the time being, shall, from time to time, appoint one or more Person or Persons a Searcher or Searchers for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder in Ships or other Vessels in the Thames; which Person or Persons so appointed are hereby authorised, at any Time between Sun-rising and Sun-setting, to enter any Ship or Vessel (except his Majesty's Ships) in the River Thames above Blackball, and to search the same for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder; and also shall have the same Powers of seizing, removing to proper Places, and detaining all such unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder found on board any such Ship or Vessd, and the Barrels in which such Gunpowder shall be, as are herein before given to Persons searching for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder under a Warrant of a Justice of the Peace.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties created by this Act shall be recoverable before two or

more Justices of the Peace for the County or other Division in which the Offence shall be committed, on

fjreiwojuilices. pr0of of the Offence by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on Confection Mannercfle- of the Offender, and shall belong to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the same; and where the vy np the re- Penalty shall he pecuniary in case of Non-payment, it shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s n-iUics. Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and the Overplus of the

Money raised, after deducting the Penalty and the Expences of the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner; and for want of sufficient Distress, the Offender shall be font by such Justices to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month, as such Justices shall think most proper.

No Person liable

X. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Prosecution for any Offence against to°Prosecuton X^IS Act, unless such Prosecution shall be commenced within fourteen Days after Seizure of the Gun-

for ofiencef, on powder, or Commission of the Offence where there shall not be any Seizure; and that if any Suit oc

less commenced Action shall he prosecuted in England against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of within h Days this y\d, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act or the Special Matter in tb^Gu^Jwder Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by Authority of this Act; and if or Cvmnthlion"’ a ^erdid shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or of the offence discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after Issue joined; and if, on Demurrer or otherwise, where no Sri- Judgement shall he given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover, Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendants have by Law in other

Pc’fors profreu- Carcs cuted lor any

[Treble Costs.]

thing done under this Act m iy plead the General Issue; and on Judgement for them, they shall have

ing three Months Notice.

No outward bound Vessel have a of Gunpowder on H<yr Arrival at Blackball, rs of i

all their Gunpowder a'ove 2 5 tb. on Arrival at Blackwall.

[Penalty.]

The Trinity House Corpora

Stroud in Kent

to appoint Soaicheis of Ships in the Thames above Blackwall.

Penalties made

recoverable be-

/tfions for

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions to be commenced in England Thing* rone on- against any Person or Persons for any Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in Her this Act i0 the County or Place where the Fad was committed, and shall be commenced within six Calendar Months C oVrit*1 where a^tcr Fad committed, and not otherwise.

Ohouce/arc

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to any Storehouse-mill tom in t red. or Magazine belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, wherein Gunpowder or other Stores shall To what this a to be kept > or to hinder the Trial of Gunpowder by his Majesty's Officers, as is usual for the Service of his Hull Dot extend. Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; or to any Mills belonging t-o private Persons already built, and used for

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 36. 217

making Gunpowder; or to any Storehouses, Magazines, or other Offices, near or adjoining to such Mills; or to the Magazines now crested for keeping Gunpowder at Barking Creek's Mouth, in the County of Essex, and Erith Levels in the County of Kent; or to the Magazines or Storehouses now erected near Liverpool/, in the County of Lancaster, or the City of Bristol, or to the Carriage of Gunpowder to or from the King’s Magazines under an Order of the King’s Board of Ordnance, or with Forces on their March.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall begin to have Force on the first Day of August, Afl to

thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and that from and immediately after the Commencement thereof,c fc-Kocn an Act made in the fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing '11.! l’1 "'’;r the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in or near the Cities or s cVcV.T.

London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof \ and also an Act made in the eleventh Year of his fiid Act u Coo. i. ]zt Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for preventing the Allfchiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof;* and also so much of an Act made in the fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, for so much of

4. An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Pilots licensed by the Corporation of Trinity Hcuj'e; 1L

of Deptford Stroud, in the County of Kent; and to prevent Mischiefs and Annoyances upon the River o\

Thames below London Bridge,' as relates to the having and searching for Gunpowder on board Ship: or >ca

Vessels in the Thames at or below Blackwall; and also an Act made in the fifteenth Year of his late Majesty ,t or b-low King George the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping Buckwj.i,

dangerous Quantities of Gunpowder in or near the Cities of London and Westminster \ and also an Act Act J5 t,c* made in the twenty-second Year of his said late Majesty King Georrc the Second, intituled, An Act to 1%

prevent the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in any one C,co#

Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder together from one Place to another,* shall be, and are hereby re* and the same are hereby repealed, peeled.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets and other Passages on the South Side of the City of Edinburgh, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the same for the future.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, Avenues, and Passages, adjoining to the City of Edinburgh, on the South Side thereof, and lying between the Street or Road leading from the Cowgate Port of Edinburgh to the Toll-gate called the Gibbet Toll, on the East; and the Street or Road leading from the Two-penny Custom, near Edinburgh, to the Toll-gate called Wright's Houses Toll, on the West; all lying within the Parishes of Saint Cuthbert's or lfrejl Kirk and Canongate, are at present ill cleansed, and not duly lighted and watched 5 and if Power was given to regulate, light, cleanse, and watch the same, and remove all Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and prevent the same for the future,

it would tend greatly to the Safety and Preservation of the Inhabitants of the said Streets and other Places,

and be of public Utility;’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of fame, That the said several Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Avenues, and Passages, and other Places included in this Act, shall, for the Purposes thereof, be divided into eight Districts, videlicet. The Street or Road leading The Districtjfc

from Brijlo Street, Westward, by Tiviot Row and Lawrieflon, to the Two-penny Custom, to be oncDiftrift,

and called the District of Tiviot Row and Lawrieflon: The Streets of Bri/lo and Potter-row, from Brijlo

and Potter nw Ports to where these Streets join each other, and the Places lying between them, built or to

be built, and cross Streets from one to the other, to be one District, called Bri/lo and Potter-row DJI rid:

George's Square, including the Streets leading to it, called Charles and Creighton Streets (exclusive of the Corner House of Creighton Street, which shall belong to Brijlo and Fctter-rcw District) with the other S'rects h acting to the Square to be hereafter built, to be one District, called George's Square District:

Nicolsons Park, including the cross Streets intersecting the same, from Chapel Street to Picafance, and the Street along the Back of the City Wall, from Potter-rorv Port to Pleasance, to be one District, called Si coif on s Park DJlriSt: The Cross causeway, from where the Bri/lo and Potter-row Streets join each other, to the Fast End of the Street, and from thence along the Gibbet Street, Northward, to where it is divided from the Jurisdiction of the Canongate, to be one District, called Cross causeway District: From the East End of Crcjs CaujiWoy, South wards, to the Gibbet Toll, including Gibbet Loan, to be one District, called Gibbet Street Disbid: From the Chapel of Ease^ Southwards, to the Toll-gate called Grange Toll, including Shiens, to be one District, called causeway- Side DJI rid: From the South End of the Property of Joseph Gavin Merchant, on the West, and of the Property of J^hn Straitton Brewer in Portsburgh, on the East of the Road leading from Two-penny Custom to Height's Houses, Southward, to the Toll called Wright's Houses Toll, to be one District, called Toll-Cross District: And that the Reverend fames Brown, John Hove c -rr

Builder, John Grant, and Alexander Shaw, Writers, and William Riddell, Hi all be Commissioners for Tiviot R:iv and Lawrit/ijn District: That Alexander S^ott Merchant, Archibald Scott Brewer, Neil Macviccar Manufacturer, Thomas Clark Leather-case Maker, and David Smith Baker, shall be Commissioners for Bri/h and Potter-row Distiift: Thtt the Honourable John Campbell Esquire, one of the bcnatois of the College of Justice, Henry Dundas Esquire, Solicitor-general for Scotland, George Brown Esquire, one of

2i8 C. 36.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, James Smcllct Esquire, one of the Commissaries of Edinburgh, and

Comnv.fTIonm refuting to ac-c< pt and ict, to frrfcit one Year’s Atlcfilnent. Commissioners ic meet annually at the Chap el of EitV, on the first Moniay after the Meeting of the Court of Session in Summer, and chuse a Convei.er*

The Office of Comri iiTionervto determine 3t the E "d of one Year ficm thehrft General Meeting.

Inhabitants to flcdt Comm if* li- ners and other Officers for erch frparate Distridk.

Treasurers to find Security.

Ail Quezon? to

lee t rm ned l>y the ii.ii b t > havi. i t 1 i\h-j;r;t> or V'Ua ti< i), 11 ny t e ctes n Cu. ot Euailry.

If.my’ strict r.-le i to e a Com r.iii.0.1 i an i ut.'.er Oiii C< r, t e (; 1. -ral M *.

ing; I C. 111-mi.-fi ntr.c rr ’hi o’h r \j. ,'n>..s 10 elect. id If f v o; r J! o. the Uii. c. 3 n-rhO to / !t£i. the Com r. Clion* ers for the i-’r-taer Y’ .»* to contir.u. Commissioner', &c elv'ng d rc-movh'.g, *th rs to be ciiulcn.

B<;ker, shall be Commissioners for Cross causeway District; being all Inhabitants within the Bounds above described of the respective Districts for which they are hereby severally named, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution: And if any of the Commissioners above named, or any other to be hereafter chosen in Manner herein after mentioned, shall refute to accept and act, such Person or Persons dial forfeit one Year*3 A fie fiinc nt extraordinary, in respect of such Rcfulai, to be* levied along with, and in the same Manner as the other Aflcfimenrs for that Year are herein after directed to be levied.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Commissioners above named for the said several Districts, or any seven or more of them, shall meet at the Chapel of Ease, near Edinburgh, upon the frit Airplay after the Sitting or Meeting of the Court of Session in Scotland for the Summer Session, tint shall frit h. ppen after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of T en in the Forenoon and Two of the Afternoon (and shall meet afterwards at the same Place and Time annually) and shall chuse one of their Number to be Convener, who is hereby impowered to cali a General Meeting of tire Commissioners, at any Time during the Currency of the Year, when ncctiiary, at the Desire of any two or more of the Commissioners lor that Year, upon ten Days Advertisement in any of the Edinburgh Newspapers: And the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to adjourn the said General Meetings from time to time, to meet at the Place aforesaid, or any other convenient Place within the said eight Districts, as they shall think proper.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Office of Commissioners named and appointed by this Act IE.all ccafe and determine at the End of one Year from the frit General Meeting appointed by this Act: And in order to supply their Places, a General Meeting of the whole Inhabitants of each District afiVfled by this Act shall be assembled separately in each Diflriet, determined by the Converter of the Commissioners then in Office, at least ten Days before the next General Annual Meeting, by Advertisement in any of the Edinburgh Newspapers, or by affixing a written Notice thereof upon the principal Door of the Parish Church in each Parish of the said Districts; and in case the Convener shall neglect or refuse to call such Annual Meeting in each District as is above directed, then it Hull and may be lawful for any three of the Inhabitants of each District to call such Meeting, upon Notice by Advertisement in any of the Edinburgh Newspapers, at least six Days before the general Annual Meeting; and such Inhabitants being so assembled, they shall severally cleft five Commissioners for each District, to act for the then ensuing Year: And such Inhabitants so assembled as aforesaid, within their several and separate DiUriels, shall also elect and chuse a proper Person or Persons to be Treasurer, Collector, and Clerk, for each of their respective Districts, and shall appoint him or them a reasonable Salary or Salaries, for his or their Trouble, out of the Money to be levied in the said respective Districts; and which Treasurer, Collector, or Clerk, may be removed from his Office, upon any reasonable Cause, in the Judgement of the find five Commissioners, or the Majority of them, who are hereby impowered to appoint a proper Person in his or their Place, to continue in Office till the next Annual Election: And every Person or Persons so elected nr appointed shall find Security for the due and faithful Execution of his or their Office, under such Penalty as the said five Commissioners, or the Majority of them, shall think reasonable; and such several Inhabitants shall report their Ehftion of five Commissioners, Treasurer, Collector, and Clerk, to the then next annual General Meeting: And it is hereby declared, That in the said Annual, and a); the other Meetings of the Inhabitants of the respective Districts, all Matters are to be determined according to me Voices of the Inhabitants present having the Majority of Valuation; and in case of Equality, by the Voice of the Prefes elected at such M* ciing, vvm i shall, notwithstanding such decisive Voice, have a Vote along with the other Inhabitants or CfUTimilli jih rs.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if in any Year any of the said several DidrkTs shall fail in electing and removing to the annual General Meeting, in Manner above directed, their Choice of five Commissioners, Treasurer, Collector, and Clerk, or if any of the Commissioners, elected and reported in Manner above mentioned, shall refuse to accept and aft; then the Commissioners for the several Districts who have a^ted for the preceding Year, together with the new elected Commissioners for the succeeding Year, willing to ace- p: and aft, shall, in their annual General Meeting, chuse and appoint five Commissioners, and a Treasurer, Collector, and Clerk, for each District winch has failed to make and report their Election in Manner above prescribed: And such Commissioners, Treasurer, Collector, and Clerk, are hereby velied with the tame Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as if they had been regularly elected and reported determined by the I r,habitants of each separate District, in Manner above mentioned: And if seven or all of the said several Districts should fail in making and reporting such annual Election of Commissioners, Treasurers, Collect :s and Clerks, in Manner as above directed; then, and in that Case, the Commissioners, Treasurers Gblectou, and Clerks, and other Officers last elected, shall continue in their respective Offices till the iv xi Annuid Election.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall happen that any one or moh* of the said Commissioners, Treasurers, Collectors, or Clerks, in any of the said several Distiich, fh ill Ui., or icmove out of any of the said Districts, the Inhabitants of all and every the said Districts shall, within ten Dav^ after such Death or Removal, nominate and appoint a Commissioner or Commissioners, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Clerk or Clerks, in the Room and Place of such of them

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 36. 219

as shall have died or removed out of any of the said respective District or Districts; and which several Officers so appointed are hereby veiled with the same Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as if they had been regularly eltcled and reported by the inhabitant in the annual Meetings, in Manner before mentioned.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be capable of ailing Qualification of as a Commiiin ntr under the Authority of this Act, unless he shall be an aiiual inhabitant within the Comm:»T.on~r». DifEict for which he is named or tlcikd, or who shall be rated at any less or smaller Sum than seven

Pounds Sterling for his Possession therein; and if any Person not lo qualified shall presume to act as a Com- Penalty of aflin* nuliioner, he shall for evuy such Glib nee forfeit five Pounds Sterling to any Person within the District who a

shall sue for the same, before the Judge Ordinary of the Hounds, whose Judgement shall be final: And in r>,

every such Action so to be brought for the Recovery of such Penalty as aforesaid, the Proof of Qualiiiea- ca’.^n"o iJoiT non shall lie on the Defendant, and it shall be fufneient, on the Part of the Pursuer or Prosecutor, to prove the Dctcn^i.t. that the Person so prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the above named, and those to be from time to Comm,11‘on*r3

time elected in Manner above appointed, shall each Year meet at the said Chapel of Eafey near Edinburgh, upon the first Ahnday after the Meeting or Sitting of the Court of Session for the Summer Session, and shall iVcommiirxfn-appoint their Convener to receive the Reports of the Election of the Commissioners for the different ers elected for ljillricts for the ensuing Year and give such Orders as may be necessary for carrying into Execution the^;* ending Business committed to them, under the Authority of this Act, in Manner herein after mentioned; and all

Questions in this or any other General Meeting of the Commissioners shall be determined by the Voices of the Majority of the Commissioners then present; and, in case of Equality, by the Convener of the Meet- to be determined ing, or, in his Absence, by the Voice of the Prefes chosen by such Meeting, who shall, notwithstanding by nie major of such decisive Voice, have a Vote along with the other Commissioners: And also all Quel!ions in the Partot Com-Meeting of the Commissioners of the particular Districts shall be determined in the same Manner as above tphr*'

prescribed with regard to General Meetings. Convene/or Pre-

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the Number of Commissioners present at such if an Equ*. firli or any other subsequent Annual or General Meeting, shall not exceed seven, then the Commissioner lity.

or Commissioners present, or, in case none of the Commissioners shall attend, the Clerk of the said Gene- if a fi.ffu-irnt ral Meeting shall anjourn the said General Meeting to such Day as shall appear most convenient; ten Days Number of previous Notice of the Day to which such Adjournment is made, which shall be to the same Place, shall be Commissioneri given by Advertisement in any of the Edinburgh Newspapers; and any three of the Commissioners acting not

for the time may call a General Meeting, giving fourteen Days previous Notice thereof by Advertisement attend, those as aforesaid, and of the Purpose and Business of such Meeting., present, m r :c

Clerk, may appoint another Meeting; Notice to be given.

IX. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be obliged to fierve the said Office of Commis- None liable to f;oner, Treasurer, Collector, or Clerk, oftener than once in three Years; unless it Hull happen that, by fer?e above once Neglect of seven or all of the said Difiricts in electing their Commissioners, Treasurers, Collectors, and in lhrcc Vcm* Clerks, the Commissioners, Treasurers, Collectors, and Clerks then in Office, shall be obliged to continue

in their respective Offices for the then following Year, in Manner above directed.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, For entering at their said General Meetings, from time to time, shall be regularly entered in a Book or Hooks to be kept Proceeding of for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, and shall be signed by the Clerk of the General Meeting for the General Mcu-time being, and such Entries shall be deemed and taken to be the original Orders and Proceedings of the1,:8S, laid Commissioners, and such Hook or Hooks shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts and read inE.*. whatsoever. ' dence.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners at their said first General Commissioners Meeting, and at every other annual General Meeting the reafter, after having finished the Bulinifs by this todivde them-Act committed to them, shall divide themselves into their several Districts, and act for all the other Pur- Jc,vcs lrJ tnc,r poses of this Act within the Diihidt where they respectively reside; and shall meet at such Time and Place several 1 ui within their respective Di It riots as at the General Meeting shall be appointed, or to W'hich they shall from

time to time adjourn themselves.

XII. And be it enacted, That all the Acts Orders, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, in their For entering the respective separate Dillricis, shall, in like Manner, be regularly entered in a Hook or Looks to be kept Proceedings°f for that Purpose by the said several Commissioners, and shall be signed by the Clerk of the District for the

time being: And such Entries shall be deemed and taken to be the original Orders and Proceedings. of the r f- J Commissioner* in their separate Districts, and shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all a"<irejj In Ivi-Cr>jr'" whatsoever. 11 ntc#

XIII. And, Or the better enlightening, watching, and clermfing the several Srrcets, Squares Lnrus, Cornmhliorrr:

Air ys Court-, Avenues, and Passages, comprised in this Act;* He it further enabled, That the Com- appoint P r.

n :l;oi;er> <or the several Diltiiils above named, or their Successors, shall meet at the lime ami Place *°'

a,v*-i.ncd -y the General Meeting as aforesaid; and then, or at any other Time and Place, within the u*fc* ^c*

'i ..re ht.mii after mentioned, to which rhey shall adjourn as aforesaid, shall appoint proper 1'Ytfons fir ho g and cleaning th? Streets in their several Diltndts; and shall appoint Lamps to be erected, at the n.'-it comer ient PLcts within their Dilhict, at equal Dilbnces from each other; except where the Situation oi Closes or Cross Avenues, or the Angles on any Street, shall make it necessary to affix the Lamps tpn ire to such Cross Avenues, or upon such Angles.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Lamps so to be erected shall not exceed the Number of sixty Dalanre of FV.t m Distance from each other, excepting always the Road leading from Fiijlo Pott by the Lack of the ». m

City Wall to where the North End of Aicoljon s Street joins the City Wall, on the Ealt Side of Lady C4ch othw*

F f 2 A iccfcns

220

C. 36.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Roads exempted

from lighting, cleansing, or watching, till futhcient Funds arjfc.

lamps to be

Nicolson's House, and the Rond from the Gate entering from the Poor-house to the Meadow westward to the Two-penny Cu/fomy in which two Roads or Streets, it shall be in the Power of the Commissioners for the several Districts within which they lie, to erect Lamps at the Distance of one hundred Feet from each other: Provided, That such District shall make it appear to the next annual General Meeting of the Commissioners, that their Funds levied in virtue of this Act, at the Rate of Sixpence Sterling for each Pound Sterling of the real Rent of such District, cannot afford to have them placed nearer each other, after answering the Expence of the other Purposes thereof.

XV. And whereas the Road or Lane lying within the District of Nicolfcris Park, called Back Row% and the Road lying at the Back of the City Wall, from that Part thereof where the North End of Nicolson’s Street joins the same on the East Side of Lady Nicolsons House to the Pleasance, are at present not at all, or very thinly inhabited It is hereby provided and enabled. That the District of Nicoljort’s Park shall not be obliged to light, cleanse, or watch the said Lancs or Roads, till they shall be so inhabited as that they can be lighted, watched, and cleansed, by an Assessment of Sixpence Sterling upon each Pound Sterling of the real Rent of the Houses therein; or that it shall be in the Power of the District, by an Assessment of Sixpence Sterling per Pound, to light, watch, and clean the same, after answering the Purposes of this Act in other Parts of the District: Provided always, That it shall be in the Power of the Inhabitants pofflfting two-thirds of the Valuation of the Diflritl of Nicolsons Park to assess the same, in Manner herein after mentioned, for the Purpose of lighting, watching, and cleansing the said two Roads or Lanes, to any Extent not exceeding one Shilling Sterling per Pound of the real Rent of the whole District: And provided also. That the Houses, or Inhabitants thereof within the said Road or Lane, called Back Rotu9 and in the said Road leading from the North End of Nicolsons Street, where it joins the City Wall on the East Side of Lady Ni coif on's House to the Pleasance, shall not be subject to any Assessment by virtue of this Act, until they are lighted by Lamps at the Distance of one hundred Feet from each other, in Manner prescribed by this Act, with regard to the Roads leading along the City Wall, in the District of Tiviot Row and Lawrieston, and Brijlo and Potter-row, and cleansed and watched as the other Parts of the District.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and each of the Lamps, which presently are, or here-lighted from the after shall be erected by or in virtue of this Act, shall be lighted in the Afternoon of every Day, at such Hour or Hours as the Commissioners, or a Majority of them, in each District shall direct and appoint, APri|Cyearly. from an(* after Day of October in each Year, to the first Day of April then next.

Commissioneri

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and fora of any Diftria Majority of the Commissioners in each District, to order and direct the Lamps within their several Dif-mayorder Lamps tridts to be lighted sooner than the first Day of October in each Year, or to continue the lighting of such to b- sooner, or Lamps longer than the first Day of April, or both, as they shall see Cause.

lighted1*as they

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully take away, break, fee Cause. or throw down, or damage any Lamp or Lamps, that now is or hereafter shall be set up, for enlightening For preventing any of the said Streets, Squares, Courts, Lanes, Alleys, Avenues, or Passages, or wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or damage the Irons or other Furniture thereof 5 it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, as also for any other Person or Persons to aftift in seizing the Offender or Offenders; and, by Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace of the said County of Edinburgh; and such Justice shall proceed to examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses, who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer): And if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of two Pounds Sterling for each Lamp so broken, thrown down, or damaged, or for every Light so entinguished as aforesaid: And, moreover, shall make full Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they, or any three or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them, done as aforesaid: And in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, on Conviction, pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the common Gaol of the said County, for the Space of two Months; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they, shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That, in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly or accidently ly or accidentally break, thiow down, or damage any of the said Lamps so set up, or hereafter to be set up, as aforesaid, or breaking or da- the Irons or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the to* ^ama2e done hereto; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one Justice of the Peace of the said County of Edinburgh, upon Complaint to him made by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to summon before him the Party or Parties who shall be complained of for doing such Damage as aforesaid, and, upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or upon the Non-appearance of the Party or PauL s so complained of and summoned, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such Justice shall think reasonable; and, in case of Neglect or Refusal of the said Party or Parties to pay such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded within ten Days next after Demand thereof, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods or Chattel; the Surplus (if any) arTing by such Sale, to be paid to him, her, or them.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, for the future, carry, run, drive, draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn, on any of the Foot Pavements, within any Part of the

Damage of

Persons rareltfT-

fi&iont

For preventing damage bci»g

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 36. 221

several Districh comprised in this Act, any Bier, Sedan -chair, or any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheel- ,jone to the Foot barrow, or other Carriage whatsoever; or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive, any Horse, Ass, Mule, or ravement. other Cattle, Coach, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, upon any of the said Foot Pavements; then, and in any of the said Cales, and so often as they or any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful ro and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing such Offender or Offenders, and, by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured or conveyed before some Justice of the Peace of the said County of Edinburgh; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before him, such Justice shall proceed to examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear, or be produced, to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Conftftion, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Surn of five Shillings Sterling for the first Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings Sterling for the second Offence, and the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling for the third and every other Offence.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Order or Determination of the said Commissioners Commissioners shall be valid, unless the same shall be made at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act; nor shall any not to act during Commissioner hereby appointed, or hereafter to be elected or appointed as aforesaid, be capable of acting as the Time thc7 such during the Time he shall enjoy any Office of Profit by virtue of the Powers given by this Act, or have

any Share or Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution thereof. (hi,

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the respective Districts, or any por riving Ko-three or more of them, may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from time to time, to employ tkeofCootrads*. under them any fit Person or Persons in or about cleansing all or any of the said Streets, Squares, Courts,

Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and other Places within the said several Districts comprised in this Act, and in and about the enlightening of the same, and in and about the several Works hereby appointed to be performed, and to contract for the Performance of the said Works, or any of them, with any Person or Persons whatsoever, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit.

XXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person, being a Commissioner under this Act, shall be, directly or indirectly, interested or concerned in any Contract which shall be made or entered into by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners for or concerning any of the said Works to be carried cn or performed in pursuance of this Act, or for or concerning any Materials to be used or employed therein, upon Pain that every such Contract shall be null and void; and that the Person who being a Commissioner as aforesaid, and shall be so interested or concerned therein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds Sterling to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered and levied in Manner herein after directed; and every Person against whom the said Penalty shall be recovered, shall, for ever thereafter, be disabled from being a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in their respective Districts, shall and may, yearly, and every Year, order and appoint what Number of Watchmen they shall judge proper to be kept in such Places of the said several Districts comprised in this Act for each Year and elect such honest and able-bodied Men to be employed in that Service as they shall think heft qualified for the same; and also direct where the several Watchmen shall be stationed, and in what Manner they shall be armed, and how often they shall go their Rounds, how long they shall continue upon Duty, and what Wages shall be allowed to such Watchmen for their Attendance; and also shall or may hire, erect, or maintain any proper Place or Places, within the Limits aforesaid, for the Reception of the said Watchmen, and shall make all such Regulations and Orders in Writing as the Nature of each particular Service shall appear to them, or any three or more of them, to require.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Watchman shall be appointed within any District whatever, but by the Concurrence, or with the Consent of Two Thirds of the Valuation within such District.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the several Districts, at their first or adjourned Meetings as aforesaid, shall ascertain the Expence necessary for erecting and lighting the Lamps in their several Districts in Manner aforesaid, and for watching and cleansing their Streets for one Year and shall assess all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit any House, or inhabit or possess any Shop or Warehouse within their several Districts, in a Sum not exceeding Sixpence Sterling in the Pound of the real Rent of such House, Shop, or Warehouse so inhabited, held, or occupied.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or a Majority of them, in their respective Districts, by and with the Consent of Persons rcfiJing within such District, and having Two-third Parts of the Valuation thereof, to afiefs themselves for fulfilling the Purposes of this Act in an additional Sum, so as that the whole Assessment to be Lid by virtue of this Act shall not exceed one Shilling Sterling in the Pound of the real Rent for one Year.

XXVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall not be in the Power of any District to assess themselves in less than Sixpence Sterling in the Pound of the real Rent for one Year, unless they shall make it appear, to the Satisfaction of a General Meeting, that any Idler Sum is sufficient for answering the Purposes intended by this Act.

Pound, unlef* it be made appear tbit a smaller Sum will answer the Purposes

No

ners to be concerned in any Contract*

For appointing: W4tcbn.cn.

Watchmen not* to be appointed without the Consent of Twc-thirds of the Valuation.

Rates or Assessments at 6 d. per Pound.

Commission era with Consent of Two th rcs of the Valuation may lay on an additional A ircnt no: exceeding one Shill.ng. per Pound.

No D.ftritf to her ailcfi^d at left than <S d. per of thu Att*.

222 C. 36. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

The first Year's

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Assessment to be laid for the first Year, by the Authority AfiVflVnent not of this Act, (hr.ll not be under one Shilling Sterling in the Pound of the real Rent, unless the Commit-j°gbccJtCp ^loners of any District shall make it appear to a General Meeting, that a Idler Sum is sufficient for both onless^it te^.Vdc ^ie ordinary and extraordinary Purposes of this Act for that Year: And which Assessments shall be laid on appear *h ta for one Year, commencing at the first annual General Meeting, and ending at the second annual General fmalier Ail. O'- Meeting, to be held by virtue of this Act, and (bon yearly thereafter.

mem ill be

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Assessments so laid shall be leviable and

fuftc’cnt. levied at the Terms of Lammas and Candlemas next after the general annual Meeting, by equal Portions: ctn'lmnuht And if any Person or Persons who shall be rated or assess'ed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall refuse tijen/or n?g'c^ to PaY the Rate or Assessment charged upon him, her, or them, in pursuance of this Act, for at tht second the Space of ten Days next after his, her, or their respective Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and annual Ge- shall be due, and demanded by the Collector or Collectors authorised and appointed to collect and receive nerM Mcitrn^ to the same, (such Demand being either personally made to the respective Person or Persons so charged, or Wield b> this left in Writing at his, her, or their respective House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode); then, and Rzarstclv le- *n evcrY such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, every or any of v=«! at Lairmis them, having a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand of the Judge Ordinary, (which Warrant or »id Cinjlsmas Warrants the said Collector and Collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the said Judge Ordinary is hereby authorised and required to grant) and with the Assistance of a Constable, or other Peace Officer, to enter his, her, or their House or Houses, Apartment or Apartments, and then and there to seize and keep Possession of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels; and if the said Rate or Assessment shall not be paid within three Days next after such Seizure is made, together with the Costs and Charges thereof, then to fell, by public Auction, at the Market Cross of Edinburgh, so much, and such Part of the said Goods and Chattels, as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Assessment, with the Costs and Charge^ attending such Seizure and Sale, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of such Goocfs and Chattels (the said Costs and Charges to be settled and allowed by the said Judge Ordinary, who shall have granted such Warrant or Warrants respectively).

AiTdT.nfnrs to

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Assessments shall be laid upon Dwelling-b? la d on Houses houses, Shop?, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements that are actually possessed at the Time T^n*c^or\hofc the same ls Hid on only, and the Possessors, whether Proprietors or Tenants, shall be liable to the Pay-to‘beV^»t ment thereof: And if any Dwelling-houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, a y Vurewithin which are not possessed at the Time the general Assessment is laid, shall thereafter, during the Currency of the Year. that Year, become possessed, it shall he in the Power of the Commissioners of the District where such commissioners Dwelling-house, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement is situated, or any two of them, i, they think, lit, to meet and a fiefs the same in Manner above prescribed: And it shall be in the Pouter of the Commis-House^oTthree fl0ners of each District totally to exempt Houses within their District, paying the yearly Rent of three Pounds Rent, Pounds Sterling, or under, from Payment of any Assessments by virtue of this Act, if they fee Cause. or under, from

XXXII. And, for determining the real Rent of each Dwelling-house, Shop, Warehouse, or other Assessment, Tenements liable to the Payment of any Assessment to be imposed by virtue of this Act/ It is hereby fur-

and administer ther enacted, That the Tenant or PofleiTor shall beobligtd to declare upon Oath the Extent thereof, if

Garni for afeer- reqUjrccj (which Oath any two Commissioners for the District where he, she, or they reside, are hereby of Houses* &cCnt imPowerefi to administer): And in case the Possessor or Possess'ors shall happen to be also Proprietor or Pro-1 prictors, he, she, or they, shall be obliged in like Manner to declare the Price he, she, or they, paid for

his, her, or their Possession, or what it cost him, her, or them; and he, she, or they, shall be alidkd

according to the Rent, equal to seven Pounds Sterling per Centum, of such Price or Cost.

In case Comm if-

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Commissioners of any particular shall neglect to meet, and put in Execution the Part of this Act committed to them, for ascertain-re/'<<He 1 s"a?Gc- *n£ Expence necessary for the Purposes thereof, and assessing the Inhabitants of their District therewith, ner.il Mating, in Manner above prescribed, at least ten Days before the 'Perm of Lammas next after the annual General called to 1 that Meeting yearly 5 it shall be in the Power of a General Meeting, confiding of seven Commissioners at least, JVp.fe, fijall called for that Purpose by their Convener, to afiefs such District as they shall see cause, in the Manner di-i0t redted by this Act.

Commissioners

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners, at their annual General Meeting, or at at Ctneral any other General Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall determine all Questions or Disputes that may Met tings to de- arise within any particular District, touching whether any House or Place is liable to be assess'ed by virtue of "-iJn r be* this Act; and likewise all Disputes that may aiife between any two or more Districts, whether any House tvi'tViMhI*oitier- or Houses, Place or Places, pr<jperly belongs to one or other District; and in all such Disputes, it is hereby ent Oiar.cis. provided and declared, th.it the Commissioners of the respective Districts, interested in the lfluc of the said Commissioners Disputes, shall have no Voice in the Determination thereof.

mtc died lo have no Voice in the Determination.

Commissioners

XXXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Commissioners, at their annual General Meeting, at thdr Gcmral dial have Power to make Regulations, from time to time, for removing Obstructions, and preventing Nui-^ances °fevcrV’ Kind, within the Pounds comprised in this Act; and to enforce the same by such small Pc-la:ions"for re-" Jla‘t'*cs as they shall appoint, not exceeding, in any Case, ten Shillings Sterling for each Transgression, to moving ob- he levied in Manner herein after mentioned.

inuct.o;)XXXVI. Provided always, Thar, in no Case, the Funds arising out of one District, whether by Assess-F,1mJs aiifing rnents, Penalties, or otherwise, by virtue of this Act, shall be applied to the Purposes of lighting, watch-of uiic Du’, ing, and cleansing the Streets of any other Districts, nor to any Use or Purpose. whatever within any other

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 36: 223

other District; but shall be applied solely to the Purposes of this Act, within such respective Districts where trirt net to be the fa tic* is raised, levied. Or collected. applied in an-

XXXVII. And it is also hereby enacted, That it dial] be in the Power of the Commissioners of any oneoi,l'r r>i:t i:t t dispose of the Street Dung, or Fulzie, collected in their respective Districts, by a Lease not Commissioneri c\Lvt i rg lour Years. or in any other Way they may think proper, and to apply the Produce thereof for IT1, V of th' Purp./fes of 1 his Act within such District; and where the Dung or Fulzie of any of the said Distriels is S rtct L>un* aRer.-v under Lena*, or otherwise dftpfted of, the Produce thereof shall hr applied to the Purposis of this Act in Maimer within such DittnCt only: And declining, that it shall be in the Power of the Commissioner^ for the Dntiict of Palter row and lUtjh to allow such a Sum as they shall judge reasonable cm <: \h" Act it nems of that Dilt/ift, or Money arising from the Price of Fulzie collected therein, and id. f the uliovnt Magistrate tin reof, for the Puipolb or defraying the Expence of hi> Office annually.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all the Streets, Squares, Courts, Lanes* A I- The Property of

?c\ ', and Avenues, comprehended in this Act, wf ich are at present the Property of the Proprietors of *vmc 5torrrmin 1. »uf therein, or any Jerson whatever, shall icmain the Property of such Proprietors, their Heirs and WI h duO*n-Surceli »fs, and ar th' ir Disposal, from time to time, and at all times hereafter \ any Thing in this Act tom* the vn-arav notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And, m hg <rd that the three last Districts above mentioned; videlicet^ Gibbet Street% cause- Piftrifls of Gib t'.vr -/ -V, ai.d To.l crrji Diurifts, for which no Commissioners are hereby appointed, cannot at presentS:rect»

rude iLifhci nt Funds for the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution within their respective BounJs, Caufrway^fiJe,

on account of their heing hut thinly inhnted*’ it is hereby enacted, That it shall be in the Power of all, jrr‘ ^10,:P

aUcrwaidi

nr any of the f nd three Districts, at any I une hereafter, to apply, by Petition, to the Commissioners, at nominate Com.

nnn’mi

General Meeting; which Application shall be signed by Inhabitants in such Diltiifts, pof-muiio->rrs and

ail 1 wo-thirls of the Kent thereof, and shall contain a Nomination of five Commissioners, other Officers.

the I r fcir.’g it

and aC'i'cctor, Treasurer, and Clerk, fur tire said Dilbift, elected and qualified in Manner prefenbed by this Act: And from thenceh rward, the Dittrift so applying fhc.ll have all the Privileges, and be subject to all the Regulations heichy enacted, with regard to the other Districts.

XL. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall he in the Power of the Proprietors of the District of Impowering the tsietion s Pa*k to aitefs themselves in such Sum, for paving the Streets and making common Sewers Proprietors or within their Distnft, ns shall be agreed upon by the Proprietors of Two-thirds of the Property within the J]1p" ^\e Diltnct; which Assessment shall not exceed two Shillings and Sixpence upon each Pound Sterling of the colJT.s°|, JrJ!-to Rent of their Possession for one Year and shall be allclLd by the Commissioners of that District by virtue rav<r u,c street?, 1 a this Act, upon Application to them by Two-thirds of the Proprietors as aforesaid, and be Lvied in the frc.

Tme Manner, and under th- lame Pen dtfis, with the Allftiinent of the Proprietors of Dwelling-houses and ©tn^r Tenements in that D drift, for firming, watching, and cleansing thereof.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of procuring and pa fling this Act, Etoners of and of erecting Pods and Irons for the Lamps to be lighted in virtue hereof, shall be a defied upon the mi- pM,.lV ;iv a! ferent Districts before mentioned, in propor.i n to their real Rents; and shall be levied with, and in the 11,vv 0 tf r'vi* fmc Manner, and at the firnc Terms with the other Alfifiments by virtue of this Act, in the first Ye ar after obtaining thereof: And such Assessment, for the Expence of obtaining this Act, shall be a Burden on the Proprietors only, and shall be levied from the Inhabitants, along with the other Allftfinents, to which they are liable, with Power to them to retain the same out of the Rent payable by them to the Pio-prirmrs of their Possessions.

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Collector or Collectors shall refuse or r.cglcft to On Rrmotjl, take upon himself or themselves the said CJlnce, or to execute the same when chosen and appointed, or shall remove out of the District for which he or they was or were so criofen, or shall die within the Year, or shall o[ col-

b- guilty of any Neglect or Misbehaviour in the Performance of his or their Duty, or shall become info1- \,:t 0.-t rcw ' vent; then, and in all, any, or each of the Cases afoieh.iJ, it shall and may be lawful to and for the ibid *>n?«»be ip-Commissioners, or any three or more of them, within liieir reflective Districts, at a Meeting to be called F^aitcw. for that Purpose as aforesaid, at any intermediate Time of the Year, to appoint any other fit IVrtwi or I\rson>, imetming within the said District as aforesaid, to be Collector or Collectors of the find Rates or A:kfiment> for such Difiiift for the remaining Part of the Ye.sr, in ilie Stead and Place of Inm or them so rctifing, removing, dying, or guilty of Neglect or Misbehaviour, or becoming mfoKcpt, as aforesaid.

XLIII. And it is hereby further enacted, I'uat in tale any Collector or C Hectors of cue I id Rates or In of* Co!)cr-Aflelfincnr^ Iliad become insolvent, or shall embezzle or m..kc away with, detain or milacply, a :y Sum or t Sjrr.s of Money so collected by him or them for the L ie aforesaid, so that the same cannot be recovered or (hat! die peflefTed of any Sum or Sums of Money by him or them collected by virtue of thi^ Ac*, and which shall nut be paid by his or their Security or Securities, or by his or tikir Executors 01 Administrators; then,

-nd m every inch Case, such Sum and Sums of Money shall be again rated and assessed by the Uid Com-r*o.iioners, or any tf ree or more of them, upon the Streets, Squares, Courts, Lancs, Alleys, and Pieces, comp:ik*d in this Act, foi which such Person or Persons (had have been appointed Collector t»r Collectors, in such Prop ution and Manner as the Rates or Assessments are directed to be made determined by this Act; and shall br collectid, h vied, and distrained, in such Manner, and under inch Penalties, as are herein before provided for codefting and levying the Rates due and payable by this Act.

XLIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, 1'hat none of the Commissioners herein (Viewers dif-n?med, or who shall be hereafter chosen by virtue of this Act, shall act as a Commissionc: during such q i'^rd uom

Time as he or they shall execute the Office of Collector or Collectors of the Kates or Alie.iments to be *35 Co,a*

rafted and levied in puiluoncc of this Act- m liwuci*,

to

224 C. 37. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Monies raised

XLV. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Monies, raised or collected by virtue, or by means, or verted in the Uncjer the Authority of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners: And toTe^he"^ Monies, raised or collected by virtue of this Act, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and to

for the Fuiyofes and for no other Use or Purpose whatever.

ofth sAft.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of procuring and Expences of this passing of this Act shall be paid out of the first Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act.

Aaid’ how to be

XLVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commis-Penllties may sioners, or any three or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree with any Person or Per-he mitigated/ fons, against whom the said *Commissioners shall bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contraft or Contrafts hereafter to be entered into, on account of any Breach or Non-performance of any such Contraft or Contrafts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they, or any three or more of them, shall think proper; and also to mitigate, compound, or lessen any other the Forfeitures incurred under this Act, so as the Sums so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of such Contraft or Contrafts, and all the Cods, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby, justices of the

XLVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Commissioner who is or shall be a Justice of the Peace, where not peace> may, and is hereby impowered to act as a Justice of Peace in all Cases relating to this Act, notwithstanding his being a Commissioner, except in such Matters or Things as he shall be personally interested in-lioners.

XLIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed (the Penalties and Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and Forfeitures how recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand of any to be recovered, one of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offender shall dwell; which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath: And the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods shall be so distrained and fold, (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted) shall be paid to the Collector or Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being, and be applied towards the Purposes of this Act: And in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol of the County, therein to continue for a Time not exceeding two Months, unlefo such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied. justices may ad- L. And it is hereby further enacted, That in all Cases where Cognizance is given to any Justice or Juf-minister Oaths, tices of Peace by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath to any Person or Persons, for his or their more certain Information in the Matters then depending.

Books to be kept

LI. And it is hereby further enacted, That a Book or Books shall be prepared and kept by the said Corner entering missioners, or by such Person or Persons as they, or any three or more of them, shall appoint, wherein Karnes' entered, from time to time, the Names of such Persons as they shall nominate and appoint

to put in Execution the Purposes of this Act, and Copies of all Orders and Proceedings relating thereto;

and also an Account of what Monies have been assessed, raised, levied, and paid, by virtue of this Act, which maybe and how the same shall have been applied; which Book or Books all Persons contributing to the said Rates inspected gratis. or Assessments, may, at all convenient Times, peruse and inspect without Fee or Reward.

Commissioners,

LII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Inhabitants shall, at all their the*ir'lfnEx. Meetings under this Act, pay and defray their own Expences.

pences."

LIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Nomination, Contraft, Bond, Warrant, Judgement, Writings &c. or ot^er Writing whatsoever, signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners, their Treasurers, Collectors, ret to becharg- or Clerks, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or signed by any other Person or Per-edwithstamp- fons whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Scamp-duty* duty whatsoever.

Reservation,

LIV. Saving and reserving to the City of Edinburgh all Jurisdictions, Commodities, Rights, and Privileges, competent and belonging to them within the several Districts mentioned in this Act, in the same Manner as the City and Community now have and enjoy, or might enjoy the same.

[Public Act.]

LV. And it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, % without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Live Cattle, and other Flesh Provisions, from Great Britain, for a limited ime.

[Preamble.]

From the paf-

hereof, no Person shall U\ujlport from

WHEREAS it has been found expedient to permit the free Importation of Live Cattle, and other c W Provisions into this Kingdom for a limited Time, and the Benefit thereby intended will be en'irtly frustrated if the Exportation of such Cattle and Provisions from this Kingdom into Foreign P..rts is not restrained Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeiu Parliament aikmnkd, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this net, no Person or Persons whatsoever

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 37. 225

shall, directly or indirc£Uy, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, Britain my Liv« transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from the Kingdom of Great Britain, or load or lay on board, Bu,1».Cow# or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be ex-nor ted or carried out of the said Kingdom of Great Britain, any Live Ox, Bull, Cow, Steer, Heifer, Calf, s0NV\

Hog, or Sow, or any Beef, Mutton, Pork, Hog-meat, or any Flesh Provision, either fresh or salted, or any Beef, under the Penalties and Forfeitures herein after mentioned; (that is to say) That all the said Commodi- Mu t n, p, Jrlr# tics that illalI be so exported, shipped, or laid on board, or loaded to be exported, shipped, or carried out, f?°VnAral* or contrary to this A<SI, shall be forfeited; and that every Offender or Offenders therein shall forfeit the Sum ruv,r,on# of fifty rounds for each and every Ox, Bull, Cow, Steer, Heifer, Calf, Hog, or Sow; and five Shillings oft:^rrs ^ait for every Pound Weight Avoirdupoize of Beef, Mutton, Pork, Hog-meat, or other Flesh Provision, whether fresh or falced, and so in proportion for any greater Quantity which shall be so exported, shipped, &c,

or put on board to be exported; and one Moiety of all the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same:

And for Offences which shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called England, such Penalties a d Forfeitures shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or IrPormati m, in any of his Mainry’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or before the Jti(Iices of Assize, or at the Great Sessions in Urale:, or by Information at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Divihon, or Place, where the OiVence shall he committed; and in such Suit no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or VVa-£er of Law, shall be allowed; and for Offences which shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Adli >n or summary Bill, or Information, in the Courts of Session or Exchequer in Sat~ land: And that the Master and Mariners of any such Ship, Boat, or Vessel, wherein any such Offence shall be committed, knowing such Offence, and wittingly and wilfully aiding and assisting thereunto, and being t hereof duly convicted in any such Courts as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for the Space of three Months,

-without Bail or Mainprize.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any o^rC« of

Person or Persons, being an Officer or Officers of the Customs, or being lawfully authorised in this Behalf fr

by the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or lulh Yr,j: ’ any three or more of them, to take and seize all such of the said Commodities, not allowed to be exported

by this A^i, as he or they shall happen to find, know, or discover, to be laid on board any Ship or other ° " rJI1 F Vessel or Boat at Sea, or in any Port, or in any navigable River or Water, to the Intent or Purpose to be exported, transported, or conveyed, out of Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true Inrent of this Act, and to bring the said Goods to the King’s Warehouse or Warehouses belonging to the Custom-house next to the Place where such Seizures shall be made, or to fume other safe Place (where there are no such Warehouses), in order to be proceeded against according to Law; and, in case of Recovery, to be divided in Manner as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, That this AcK or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit the Nothing herr;n

Exportation of such or so much of the said Commodities as shall be necessary to be carried in any Ship or contained ft:-n £>nips, or other Veflbl or Vessels, in their respective Voyages, for the Sustenance, Diet, and Support of the rrfind ro Pr0h>-Commanders, Masters, Mariners, Passengers, or others, in the same Ships or Vessels only, or for the victualling or providing any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or other Ships or Vessels in his Majesty's Ser- <r°iU nct°eiTy ~ vice, or for his Majesty's Forces, Forts, or Garrisons; any Thing herein contained to the contrary not- to u carried n w withstanding. Ship* of War,

IV. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit any Per-

f:»n or Persons to ship or put on board any of the Commodities aforesaid to be carried Coastwise; (that is to p^tto^y, cck# say) from any Port, Creek, or Member of the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, to any other Port, Bnt’in Ani Creek, or Member of the same respectively, having such or the like Coast Cocquet, or Suftearnce for that Ireland, Purpose; and such or the like sufficient Security being first given for the landing and discharging of the same, in some other Port, Member, or Creek, of the said Kingdoms, and returning a Certificate in six Months, as is required by Law', in Cases where Goods which are liable to piy Duties on Exportation are cjrried Coiftwife from one Part of Great Britain to another, and not otherwise.

V. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, (bail not extend to any of the said ror so ct'end to Commodities which shall be exported, or shipped to be exported out of or from Great Britain to Gibraltar Commnaires 10 or Minorca* or unto any of his Majesty's Islands or Colonies in America, that have usually been supplied be ported to with any of the said Commodities from Great Britain, for the Sustenation of the Inhabitants of the said G,fcr#J,-r* lilands, Colonies, or Dominions, or for the Benefit of the British Fishery in those Parrs only, so as the Ex- ^me/ica* l°

p -rtcr do, before the (flipping or laying on board the same, declare the Blands, Colonies, or Dominions, for whi h the said Commodities are respectively designed, and do become bound, with other sufficient Seem it v, in Treble the Value thereof, to the Commissionert or Chief Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs belonging to the Port or Place where the same shall be shipped or put on board (who hath or have hereby Power to take such Security in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's tJfc) that such Commodities shall nr t t*e I inciedor fold in any Parts whatsoever, other rhsn the Kingdoms, Dominions, Islands, or Colonies, for which the same shall be so declared; and that a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, or if no such, of the Naval Officer, or some other Principal Officer of the Port where the same shall be landed, shall, within the respective Times herein after for that Purpose mentioned (the Danger of the Seas excepted) be returned to the Officers who took the said Ponds, that the said Commodities have been landed at the Port or Place for which the same shall be so declared; and for the taking such Secutity, and for giving such Ceitifirates (which the respective Officers af«'ef4id are hereby on Demand required to give) no bee or Reward shall be demanded or received; and if VuI. XI. G g any

c.

226

Offers making false Certificates, tr foitVir ico 1. Persons fa! fi tying Certificates, frail foifc;t icol.

Proviso,

Commissioners to give Account to Parliament, next Session, of Cat tie, &c. exported.

How Certificates of landing Commodities to be returned.

Proviso,

Penalties and

Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

[Proviso.]

Limitation of Actions.

Central Issue.

[Treble Costs.]

Commencement and Continuance cl ihi« Act.

C. 37. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

any Officer shall make any false Certificate of such Commodities being so landed, such Officer shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and lose his Employment, and be incapable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Office relating to the Customs: And if any Person shall counterfeit, rafe, or falsify, airy such Certificate, or knowingly publish any such Counterfeit rased, or false Certificate, he shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and such Certificate shall be void and of no Effect: Which said Penalties for Offences committed in Great Britain, shall be recovered in the same Courts, and in the same Manner, as the other Penalties instidted by this Act are recoverable; and for Offences committed in the Colonies or Plantations in America, or other the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain in Europe, shall be recovered in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any Chief Court of Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction, in such respective Colonies, Plantations, or Dominions, and shall be divided into equal Moieties between his Majesty and the Informer; and the said Bond or Bonds, if not prosecuted within three Years, shall be void.

VI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from exporting any of the said Commodities to any of their Forts, Factories, or Settlements, for the Support of the Persons residing the re, so as the like Security be given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this Act to be given by Persons carrying any of the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Customs for the time being shall, and they are hereby required to give a full and true Account, in Writing, to both Houses of Parliament, at the Beginning of the next Session thereof, of all Cattle and other Provisions that shall before that Time be exported to any Place whatsoever by virtue or in pursuance of any of the Liberties or Powers hereby given or granted for that Purpose.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Certificates of the landing and discharging of the said Commodities to be exported, other than Coastwise, shall be returned within the respective Times following; (that is to say) Where the Bonds are taken in respect of any of the said Commodities tt) be exported from Great Britain to any of the said Colonies or Plantations in America, within eighteen Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds; and where to Gibraltar or Minorca, within twelve Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds; and where from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, within six Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds respectively.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no salted Provisions which shall be exported by virtue of this Act, shall be intitled to any of the Bounties or Drawbacks which are allowed and made payable on the Exportation of such Commodities, or any of them.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, and for the Recovery and Application whereof no other Provision is herein before made, shall be sued for and recovered, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that the respective Courts before whom the same shall be recovered, may, and are hereby authorised, if they shall think fit, to mitigate all or any of the pecuniary Penalties herein before inflicted, to any Sum not less than one-fourth Part of the Sum herein respectively mentioned; and that one Moiety of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who Dial I sue for the lame, or give Information of, or discover the Offence.

XL. Provided always, That all Suits, Prosecutions, or Informations, for Offences committed against this Act, shall he commenced and made within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Fact is committed, and not otherwise; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action cr Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within the Space of four Calendar Months next after the Offence shall be committed; and if such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall he nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff*, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law: And if such Action or Suit be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before whom such Action or Suit shall be brought shall allow the Defender to plead this Act in his Defence; and if the Pursuer shall not insist on his Action, or if Judgement shall be given against such Pursuer, the Defendant shall and may recover the full and real Expences he may have been put to by any such Action or Suit.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue until the twentieth Day after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament#

C A

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III.

227

C. 38.

CAP. xxxvnr.

An Act for the better Support and Establishment of the Greenland and Whale Fishery.

€ \\7 HE RF A S the free Importation of Fins, Oil, and Blubber of Whiles, and the Oil-skins and prcamfcp other Produce of Seals, and other Creatures, taken or caught in the Greenland Seas, and Davis's St'rghts, and the Bounties given by former Acts of Parliament for the Encouragement of his Majesty's Subjects to carry on and improve the Greenland and Wnale Fisheries, have been found of great Advan- taee to the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and further Encouragements are ne- ccffiiry to support and establish the said Fisheries ;* Mav it therefore please your Majesty that it m iv be cr: ch d; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord i Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a {Tumbled, and by the Authority Fr°m D <-c. 25, of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, for and during the Space ,77,»l>cH n3 of fifteen Years, to be computed from the twenty-fifth I.')ay of December, one thousand seven hundred and HilbScr?°Wh.!« seventy-cne, to import Whale Fins, Oil, or Blubber of Whales, Seal Oil, Seal Skins, or any other Fro- Fins,*&c. caught duce of Seals, or other Fish or Creatures taken or caught in the said Greenland Seas, or Davis's Streights, in Green-or in any Farts of the Seas adjoining or adjacent thereunto, in British Ships, whereof the Captain or !in;! SeA,» MJ.t, and one-third Part at the leaf! of the Mariners are British Subjects, without paying any Custom,

Subsidy, or other Duty for the same, during the said Term of fifteen Years; any Law, Statute, or Usage, one'third of the to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. Mir n'er», to ic

British j without paying Custom, cubing fifteen Years.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or beconttrued to extend, to give captain to make Liberty of importing any of the before-mentioned Commodities Duty-free, unless the Captain, Matter, or Oath that ail ooier Commanding Officer, of the Ship or Vessel importing the same, shall first make Oath, before some or Fish so importci one of the Commissioners or principal Officer of the Customs in the Port or Ports of Importation ( who is ^Ycireenland and are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer such Oath) that all the Whale Fins, Oil, Sea9 a

or Biubber of Whales, Seal Oil, ^cal Skins, or other Produce of Seals, or other Fish or Creatures, imported in such Ship or Veiled, was really and bona fide the Fins, Oil, or Blubber of Whales, or the Skins,

( ffi, or other Produce of Stals, or other Fish or Creatures, caught and taken in the said Greenland Seas,

J)a ;Ys Streights, or other Parts of the Seas adjoining or adjacent thereunto, by the Crews of such Ships and Yt:nl> only, whereof the Captain or Matter, and one-third Part, at the lead, of the Mariners were British Subjects,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of After Dec. 2;, D'Cembery one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, the former Bounties granted by any Act or Acts of Yuited^fcr*3 Parliament for the Encouragement of the said Greenland or Whale Fishery, shall cease, determine, and be nler

ro longer paid or allowed (except in such Cases only where especial Provision is made for the same by this cease.

Act) 2nd in lieu and instead thereof, the several respective Bounties herein after mentioned, shall be paid and allowable under the several Rules and Restrictions herein after expressed and directed; (that is to say) BritWh Ships to Every British Ship or Vessel that shall, within the Time limited by this Act, proceed from any Port of be vifiicd by of-(Jreat Britain on the Whale Fishery to the Greenland Seas, or Davis's Streights, and the adjacent Seas, |lcucftr* °fsl^Cfore riamed and navigated as aforesaid, shall, before she proceed on such Voyage, or be intitled to the Benefit of they proceed on this Act, be visited by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs belonging to such Port, who dial) ex- their Voyage t* amine into such Ship or Vessel, and take an Account of the Tonnage thereof by Admeasurement, and shall Greenland, certify such his or their Valuation, Examination, and Admeasurement, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs; and if it appear by the Certificate of such Officer or Officers, that (he hath on board such a Number of Men, Provisions, Boats, Fishing-lines, and Instruments to be used in such Fishery as herein after are mentioned, that (he is ttrongly built, and otherwise a proper Ship for such Voyage and Fishery, and hath on board, among her Crew, a sufficient Number of Harpooners, Steersmen, and Line-managers, v ho have before been employed in such Voyages (the Names of such Persons to be contained in such Certificate) and if it further appear by the Oath of one or more Owner or Owners, and of the Matter or chief Officer of such Ship, written at the Foot of such Certificate, and made before the Collector or Comptroller of such Port (who are hereby impowered and required to administer the same) that it is really and truly their firm Purpose and determined Resolution, that such Ship shall, as soon as Licence shall be granted, forthwith proceed, so manned, furnished, and accoutred, in a Voyage to the Greenland Sens, or Davis's Streigf tiy or the Seas adjacent, and there, in the then approaching Season, to use the utmost Endeavours of tht mlclves and their Ship’s Company to take Whales, or other Creatures living in the Sea, and on no other Design or View of Profit in such Voyage, and to import the Whale Fins, Oil, and Blubber thereof, into the K ir. gdom of Great Britain [ naming the Port to which it is their Intention to return); and if the Matter, after such Certificate had, and Oath made, do also become bound, with two sufficient Securities, pmo his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of such Sum as shall be equal to Treble the Bounty intended by this Act (which Bond the said Collector, with the Approbation of the Comptroller, is hereby re-q-jued to take, and is to be in Force for the Term of three Years, against the Matter and Sureties, for the G.^mnn iTinn-ri faithful Dealing of the said Matter and Ship’s Company, in regard to the said Ship and Voyage); rhen, and ^ar^Utci? in all such cases, it shall and may be lawful for any three or more of the Commissioners of tue Customs in fes^ioihc NlViVer Lngav.d or Scotland respectively, for the time being, on receiving such Certificates and Oaths made, and it to proceed, i f-being certified to them by the Collector and Comptroller of such Port, that sufficient Security hath been fw*nt srcmu.e:

2 8 C.

*8

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Si if s of jfio Ton' !’u ?;jcn ho,v ro be lur-Diflu4.

On Return of such Si» p, OlH-rers oi t f c Culicmr t; in* tpeSi her Condi IiCo and LaJing

Bounty on Vef» ft I. 4v s. per Ton, from Dec. 25, I77«>to Dec. 2 1776.

From Dec. 25, 1776, to Dec.

% 1781. 30 s.

per Ton.

From Dec. 2g» 1:8 r, to Dec. 25, t 8f, aoi. per To 1.

No lYi Ion to receive Bounty jn’c'f the Ship it ', ‘icm ti e I t where in-fpcwtic.

o Jt Kir ie t: e pifrnu hereof, innUeo to the Foo-r.ty of 40 s.

per 'For-

given as aforesaid, to give and grant, and they are hereby required to give and grant, to the Matter and Owners of such Ship, lull Licence and Authority to proceed on such Voyage as aforesaid.

IV. And to prevent any Disputes that may arise, whether a Ship be properly qualified, and duly fitted out for the Wh ile Fiftierv, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and intitled to a Certificate thereof from the Custom-house Otticers,* It is hereby enacted, That every Ship of the Burthen of two hundred Tons, dcTigned for this Fishery, shall, and is hereby obliged to have on board forty Fitting Lines, of one hundred and twenty Fathom each, forty Harpoon Irons, four Boats, with seven Men (in-eluding a Harpooner, a Steersman, and a Line-manager, to each Boat, making in the Whole twenty-eight Men, Settles the Mailer and Surgeon) with six Months Provisions, at the lean, for such Number of Men; and every Ship of larger Burthen an Increase of fix Men, one Boat, ten such Lines, and ten Harpoon Irons more, for every fifty T ons above the said two hundred Tons, together with Provisions in Proportion; and every Ship, which shall be so employed in the said Fishery, shall have on board an Apprentice, indentu:ed for the Space of three Years at the leatt, for every fifty Tons Burthen, who shall be accounted as one of the Number of Men required to be on board such Ship as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Return of such Ship to the Port to which the Matter and Mate declared, on Oath, their Intention to return, the proper Officers of the Customs, at such Port, shall immediately repair on board, and view the Condition of such Ship and her Lading, and certify the same, together with their Observations thereon, as also the real Tonnage of the said Ship; and the said Officers are also to take an Account or Schedule of the Names of the Matter, Mate, and other Persons on board, distinguishing therein the Harpooners and Persons more immediately employed in the said Fishery, and to certify the same; and the Matter and Mate shall make Oath before the Collect-for and Comptroller (who are hereby impowered and required to administer the same) on the Back of, or annexed to the Licence granted as aforesaid, which they are hereby then required to deliver up, that they did, in pursuance thereof, (mentioning the Day of their Departure) proceed in a Voyage directly to the Places aforesaid, and have not since been on any other Voyage, or pursued any other Dettgn, or View of Profit; and that they did there (mentioning the Time of their Stay in those Seas) use their utmost Endea* your of themselves, and their Ship’s Company, to take Whales, and other Creatures living in those Seas; and that all the Whale Fins, Oil, and Blubber, imported (if any) in such Ship, was really and bona fide caught and taken in the said Seas, by the Crew of such Ship only, or with the Aifittance of the Crew of some other BritiJ).') Ship licensed for that Voyage, pursuant to the Directions of this Act; all which Schedule, Certificate, Licence, and Oath, shall be transmitted by the Collector and Comptroller of such Port, to the respective Commissioners for that Part of Great Britain from whence the Ship departed with her Licence; and such Commissioners being fully satisfied of the faithful Dealings of the Matter, and other Persons employed in such Ships, with respect to such Voyage and Fishery, shall, on Demand, cause Payment to be made to the Matter or Owners, or to his or their Attigns, by the Receiver-general of the Customs for that Part of Great Britain from whence the Ship departed, the Bounty or Premium following, according to the Admeasurement of such Ship duly certified as aforesaid; (that is to say) For every such Ship as shall proceed on the said Fishery, from the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, to the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, the Sum of forty Shillings per Ton; and for every such Ship, as shall proceed on the said Fishery, from the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, to the twenty-fifth Day of December^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the Sum of thirty Shillings per Ton; and for every such Ship as shall proceed on the said Fishery from the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, to the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty -fix, the Sum of twenty Shillings per Ton.

VI. Provided al ways, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be allowed or intitled to receive the Bounty herein before granted, for any Ship which shall proceed upon the Lid Whale Fishery, from any Part of Great Britain, after the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, unless such Ship shall fail from the Port where she shall be surveyed and cleared directly on her intended Fishery, on or before the tenth Day of April in each and every Year and shall continue with her Crew in the Greenland Seas, or Davis's Streights, or the adjacent S« as, diligently endeavouring to catch Whales, or other Creatures living in those Seas, and shall not depart 'torn thence before the tenth Day of August then following, unless such Ship shall be laden with the Blubber and Fins of one Whale, caught by the Crew thereof, or with the Assistance of the Crew' of some other licensed Ship, before that Time; or shall be forced, by fume unavoidable Accident or Neccttity, to depart sooner from those Seas; which Accident or Necessity shall be verified on the Oaths of the Matter and Mate belonging to such Slap, upon her Return from the said Fishery, before the Collector and Comptroller of the Customsat the Port where she shall arrive, whottnli transmit the same, together with the Schedule, Li-o nce, and other Documents by this Act tequired, to the respective Commissioners of the Customs for that Part of Great Britain from whence such Ship departed with her Licence.

VII. And whereas the Dispatch of Ships on the Whale Fishery to the Greenland Seas, Davis's Streights, and Seas adjacent, mutt of Necessity be within the Months of March or April; and some British Ships, for the Sake of keening the Men that have been taught the Art of the said Fittiing in Employ, and to prevent their going into foreign Service, may have been fitted out from the River of Thames, or other Parts of his Majesty's British Dominions, and proceeded on the said Whale Fishery to the Greenland Seas, or Davis's Streights, and Seas adjacent, since the Commencement of this Session of Parliament, and before the Commencement of this Act, and it will be but just and reasonable that the Bounties intended to be given oa the Return of the Ships hereafter to be fitted out on such Voyage, should b« given also to the

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 38, 229

c Owners of such Ships already sailed upon such Voyage, and not yet returned Be it therefore provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Owners of any Ship or Ships already failed on the said Voyage and Fishery respectively, who have conformed themselves, in all Respeds, to the Rules and Directions prescribed by the several Acts of Parliament which were in Force at the Commencement of this Act, for granting a Bounty upon such Ships, shall be allowed and intitled to receive the Bounty of forty Sh.llings per 1'on for such Voyage, in the same Manner as he or they would have been intitled to receive the same, if this Act had not been made any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for b"fettredT the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, to order the respective Receivers- [heComm^ffiJL general of the Customs, in calc the Monies remaining in their Hands, arising hom the Old Subsidy, shall cri of the not be sufficient, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, to satisfy the said Bounty of Customs. fr;y Shillings per Ton, and thirty Shillings per Ton, and twenty Shillings per Ton, during the several Period* herein before limited, payable on all Ships employed in the said Fishery, according to the Directions of this present Act, to pay the same out of any Monies that shall be in their Hands, arising from any of the Duties and Revenues under their Management respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Commissioners Customs for England and Shetland respectively, fh dl, at the Beginning of every Session of Parliament, lay \T before the before both Houses of Parliament an Account in Writing under their Hands of what Number of Ships have i^Hi'ament, at been employed in the Wh-lc Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective the Con.mence. Name*’' and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were dif- ment of each charged, and also what (Quantity of Oil, or Whale Fins each Ship shall have imported. NumbVof*

Ships h»*e beeo employed in the Whale Fishery, &c.

X. And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that Ships under the Burthen of two hundred Tons owners of Sh^t *' are fit for the said Fishery \ Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every under :coTom Owner or Owners of any Ship or Ships, under the Burthen of two hundred Tons, which shall be employed Bu,r.ti,*", BlllJnt in the said Fishery, who have conformed themselves, in all Respects, to the Rules and Directions herein according to^hc.r before prescribed to the Owners of Ships of two hundred Tons, shall be intitled to the said Bounty, as here- Admeasurement. in before limned, according to the Admeasurement of such Ship or Ships respectively.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship, to be employed in No Ship above

the said Fishery, although she be above the Burthen of four hundred Tons, shall be intitled to a larger 4^o Ton? B<ir-liounty than a Ship of four hundred Tons would be intitled to to^U ^'lnt‘l‘t

XII. Provided also, That nothing in this present Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend,

to oblige the Owner or Owners of any Ship above the Burthen of four hundred Tons, in order to intitle provilb. him or them to the said Bounty, to fit out, equip, and man, any such Ship, otherwise than as a Ship of the Burthen of four hundred T orw only is, by this present Act, required to be fitted out, equipped, and manned,

1 XIII- And whereas Applications have heretofore been made to Parliament for the Bounty on Ships cm- Owners may m--'ployed in the said Fishery, that have happened to be loft at Sea before their Return to Great Britain, and f‘*rc, hc Rourjty

a Doubt hath arisen whether the said Bounty may be lawfully insured by the Owner or Owners of such joc> arclntl c

Snips \ for obviating such Doubt, and for preventing any future Applications to Parliament for the Bounty on any such Ships, be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any Ship employed, or designed to be employed, in the said Fishery, to inlure the Bounty which such Owner or Owners would be intitled to upon the Return of such Ship to the Port to which the Master and Mate of such Ship shall have declared on Oath their Intention to return, and -on the Performance of all other Matters directed and appointed by this present Act to be performed for ebrnining the said Bounty.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day After Dee. 27, of December, one thousand seven hundred and Icventy-one, for and during the Space of fifteen Years, to be yj.ul ^Shi computed from the said twenty fifth Day of December, one thou fond seven hundred and seventy-one, every ^"cu/Ironi Ship built or fitted out in any of his Majesty's Dominions in America, not being more than two Years old America to be from the first building thereof, that proceeds from any Port in his Majesty's American Dominions on the infwted by the Pilhcry aforesaid, manned and navigated as by the Laws now in Force is directed, which shall, before flic at

proceeds on such Voyage, be vifred by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs belonging to such ,clt>caivi Fu,l% Port, who shall take an Account of the Tonnage thereof in such Manner as is herein before directed concerning British Ships which should be intitled to ths Benefits of this Act, and shall certify such his or their Visitation, Examination, and Adrreasurrmenf, to the Governor or Commander in Chid of the Place where such Ship shall be fit'e l out, or to the Naval Officer of such Port; and if it appear, by the said Certificate of such Officer or Officers, th it flic had, at the Time of giving such Certificate, on board such a Number of Men, Provisions, Boats, Fishtng-lincs, and Instruments, to be used in such Fishery as is herein before required of British Ships which should be intitled to the Benefit of this present Act, and that flic is a Ship strongly builr, and otherwise a Ship proper for such Voyage and Fishery, and had, at the Time of granting the said Certificate, on boaid, among her Crew, fuclFa Number of Harpooners, Steersmen, and Line-managers, who h. d before been employed in such Voyages (the Names of such Persons to be contained in fuc 1 Certificate) according to the Directions aforesaid concerning British Ships to be employed in the uid Fishery; and if the Owner or Owners, and Master, or Chief Officer of such Ship, fti.ill, in Writing, nt the to >t of such Cenificarc, rn.tke such Oath before the Governor, Commander in Chief, or Na-v*i Officer (ttho are hereby impowered and required to administer such Oath) as is herein before required

cf

c. 38.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

On the Arrival of such Ship at the Port in Britain intended, Cudom-hmifc Officers shall

of the Owner or Owners, and Matter, or Chief Officer of such British Ship as aforesaid, and likewise that such Ship is not more thnn two Years old from the first building thereof; and if the Matter shall likewise, after such Certificate had, and Oath made, become bound with such Sureties in such Penalty and Condition as herein before is required to be given by the Matter of such British Ships as aforesaid, which said Bond is hereby required t > be taken by the Governor, or Commander in Chief, or Naval Officer of such Place, from whence the said Ship is so fitted out; then, and in all such cases, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor, or Commander in Chief, or Naval Officer, and they are hereby required to give and grant to the Matter and Owners of such Ship, full Licence and Authority to proceed on such Voyage.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Arrival of such Ship at the Port in Great Britain to which the said Matter and Mate declared on Oath they intended to proceed after their intended Y'oyage to the Greenland Seas, or to Davis's Streights, or to the Seas adjacent, or on their Arrival at some other Part of Great Britain where they shall unload, the proper Officers of the Customs of such Port shall proceed in such Manner, and make such Schedule as is herein before directed, concerning British

cording to Inch Vessel’s Ad-imafurement. American Vessds to Tail on her intended Voyage before May 1.

For Frrcurage-

Uicnt Oi 1 he VVhall Fishery in tht Gulf of

make such Sc he- Ships who were to be intitled to the Benefits of this Act; and such Schedule, Certificate, Licence, and duicas before Oath, shall be transmitted to the respective Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs for that Part of Great directed, Britain in which such Ship shall arrive, after her said Voyage to the Greenland Seas, or Davis’s Streights

or the Seas adjoining; and such Commissioners being satisfied of the faithful Dealings of the Matter, and other Persons employed in such Ship, with respect to such Voyage and Fishery, shall, on Demand, cause Payment to be made to the Matter, or Owne.s, or to his or their Assigns, by the Receiver-general of the The like Bounty Customs of that Part of Great Britain at which the said Ship shall arrive as aforesaid, of the like Sum per to be paid, ac- Ton, according to the Admeasurement of such Ship duly certified as aforesaid, and in like Manner, as to the Owners and Matters of British Ships wno are intitled to the said Bounties by virtue of this present Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Ships that shall be fitted out in America for the said Fishery, after having conformed to all the aforesaid Rules and Restrictions, shall fail from such Port where surveyed directly on her intended Fishery on or before the first Day of May, and shall not depart or leave Davis’s Streights, or Greenland, and Seas adjacent, before the twentieth Day of AUgust, unless such Ship shall be laden with the Blubber and Fins of one Whale, caught by the Crew thereof, or with the Assittance of the Crew of some other licensed Ship before that Time, or should meet with any unavoidable Accident, so as to endanger the Lives of the Ship’s Crew, which Accident, shall be declared on the Oaths of the Matter and Mate, Carpenter, Harpooners, Line-managers, Boat-tteerers, and Surgeon, belonging to such Ship, upon her Return from the said Fishery, before the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port where {he shall arrive, who shall transmit the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland respectively; and in case of any irregular Proceeding contrary hereunto, every Ship so offending shall lose the Benefit of this Bounty.

XVII. And for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, in the Gulf and River of Saint Law- rencey and on the Coasts of his Majesty's Colonies in America,’ Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and during the Space of fifteen Years, to be computed from the said twenry-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Per-Sj,nl Lawrence. son or persons, to import in Ships belonging to his Majesty's Subjects (whereof the Captain or Matter, and whale Fins may three-fourths of the Mariners, are his Majesty's Subjects) Whale Fins, taken from Whales caught by any be imported of his Majesty's Subjects in the Gulf or River of Saint Lawrence, or in any Seas on the Coasts of any of his without paying Majesty's Colonies in America, without paying any Custom, Subsidy, or Duty, for the same, other than mmc Custom, an(j except the Rate or Duty commonly called The Old Subsidy, granted by an Act made in the twenty-fifth urantld Aay ^ear of Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and *5 Car. a. Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade, for and during the Term aforesaid; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to allow the Importation of such Whale Fins without paying any Custom, Subsidy, or Duty, other than and except the said Rate or Duty commonly called The Old Subsidy, unless the Captain, Matter, or other commanding Officer of the Ship or Vessel, or the Person importing the same, shall first make Oath before one of the principal Officers of the Customs in the Port or Ports of Importation (who is and are hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath) that all the Whale Fins importe d in such Ship or Vessel were, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, really, and bona fide, the Fins of Whales caught and taken in the Gulf or River of Saint Lawrence, or in the Seas or the Coasts of some of his Majesty's Colonies in America, by the Crew of such Ships and Vessels only, whereof the Owner or Owners, the Captain or Matter, and three-fourths of the Mariners, were his Majesty's Subjects.

XIX. And whereas the Greenland Fishery Trade cannot be carried on without a certain Number of Men who are tifed to the said Fishery, which, nevertheless, is intended as a Nursery of able and hardy Seamen for the public Service in the Royal Navy;’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tha* no Harpooner, Line-manager, or Bnat-steerer, who shall be in, or belong to any Ship or Vessel in the Green 'and Fishery Trade, and whole Name (distinguishing the Capacity in which the Person so named, is to act) shall be inferred in a List, which is hereby required to be delivered on Oath, by the Owner of such Ship, to the Cc llcftorof the Customs at the Port from which such Ship is intended to proceed upon the said Fishery (which Oath such Collector is hereby impowered and required to administer) shall be impressed from the said Service; and that any such Harpooner, Line manager, or Boat steerer, mav, during the Time of the Year tharhc or they are not employed in the said Fishery, fail in the Colliery Trade, upon

Oath to be made determined by the Captain or fiu 1, Fins be ng ic ily t.'lceo in the Gulf of St. Laurence.

H irpooner*,

L ine-nian.^r, i oa’-.'ieeter, and also s, how to te p. lViItgeJ.

---

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 39, 40. 231

giving Security, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, that he or they will proceed in the said Ship or Vessel to the Greenland Seas, or Davis's Streights, on the Whale Fishery the next Season: And that every Seaman, or common Mariner, who after the first Day of February in any Year during the Continuance of this Act, shall be entered to serve on board any Ship, which shall be intended to proceed on the said Fishery in the following Season, whose Name shall be inserted in a List to be delivered as aforesaid, and who shall have given Security, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, to proceed, and shall proceed accordingly, shall be privileged, and exempt from being impressed from or out of the said Service, from the said first Day of February, till after the Expiration of the then next Season for the said Fishery, and until the Voyage Home from thence shall be fully completed and ended, and no longer any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, an Act for extending like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida to the Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for extending like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida to the Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia, it is enacted,

[Rice may be exported from the Floridas to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, under like Regulations as from Carolina.]

That it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects, in such Manner as is therein particularly mentioned, to ship or load Rice in the said Province of East or West Florida, and to carry the same directly to any Port Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, without carrying the same to any other of his Majesty's Plantations in America, or to Great Britain: And whereas the Produce of Rice, and the Exportation thereof, may be greatly encouraged for the mutual Benefit of this Kingdom and the said Province, if like Liberty or Licence was extended to the carrying the same directly to any Part of America, to the Southward of the Provinces of Carolina or Georgia, without bringing the same first to Great Britain;' May it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[During the Continuance Act 10 Geo. 3. Rice may be exported as therein directed,]

That, during the Continuance of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, Rice shall also be permitted or allowed to be exported from his Majesty's Provinces of East and West Florida directly to any Part of America Southward of South Carolina or Georgia, without carrying the same to any other of his Majesty's Plantations in America, or to Great Britain, by such Persons, in such Ships and Vessels, in the same Manner, and to such foreign Countries and Places,

[under the Restrictions contained in Act 4 Geo. 3.]

and under such Entries, Securities, Restrictions, Regulations, Limitations, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are in an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia directly to any Part of America, to the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre;' particularly mentioned, referred to, described, appointed, limited, or enacted, for that Purpose, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

CAP. XL.

An Act for the more effectually preventing the Counterfeiting the Copper Coin of this Realm.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the Coining or Counterfeiting any of the Copper Monies of this Realm being punishable only as a Misdemeanor, the Practice thereof hath of late Years greatly prevailed, and is likely to continue to increase, to the great Prejudice of Trade, and the manifest Wrong and Injury of his Majesty's Subjects:’ For Redress of which growing Mischief, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Persons, after June 24, 1771, counterfeiting Copper Half-pence or Farthings, to be adjudged, with their Abettors, guilty of Felony.]

That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, make, coin, or counterfeit, any of the Copper Monies of this Realm, commonly called an Halfpenny, or a Farthing, such Person or Persons offending therein, and his, her, or their Counsellors, Aiders, Abettors, and Procurers, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony.

[All Persons buying, selling, or putting off, counterfeit Money,]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, buy, sell, take, receive, pay, or put off any counterfeit Copper Money, not melted down, or cut in Pieces, at or for a lower Rate or Value than the same, by its Denomination, doth or shall import, or was counterfeited for,

[guilty of Felony.]

every such Person and Persons shall be adjudged guilty of Felony.

232 C. 41. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

[Justices, on Complaint of Persons concerned in counterfeiting Coin, to cause their Houses to be searched.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one Justice of the Peace, on Complaint made before him upon the Oath of one credible Person, that there is just Cause to suspect that any one or more Person or Persons is or hath been concerned in counterfeiting the Copper Monies of this Realm, by Warrant under his Hand, to cause the Dwelling-house, Room, Workshop, Outhouse, Yard, Garden, or other Place belonging to such suspected, Person or Persons, to be searched for Tools and Implements for coining such Copper Monies;

[Persons discovering Tools or Instruments may seize the same,]

and if any such Tools or Implements shall at any time be found hid or concealed in any Place so searched, or be found in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons whatsoever, not then employed in the coining of Money in some of his Majesty's Mints, nor having the same by some lawful Authority, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever discovering the same, to seize, and he and they are hereby authorised and required to seize the same, and to carry them forthwith to some Justice of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where the same shall be seized, who shall cause the same to be secured and produced in Evidence against any Person or Persons who shall or may be prosecuted for any of the Offences aforesaid, in some Court of Justice proper for the Determination thereof;

[which shall be defaced and destroyed as Justice shall direct.]

and after such Time as they, or any of them, shall have been produced in Evidence, as well the same so produced as the other so seized, and not made use of in Evidence, and every of them, shall forthwith, by Order of that Court where such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, or by Order of such or some other Justice of the Peace, in case there be no such Trial, be defaced and destroyed, or other wise disposed of, as such Court, or such Justice, shall direct.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to explain an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Importation of unmanufactured Wood of the Growth and Product of America; and to explain so much of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his date Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, as relates to the Importation of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn landed at certain Places therein mentioned.

[Preamble. Act 8 Geo. I.]

---

'WHEREAS by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, various Sorts of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, in the said Act particularly enumerated, being the Growth and Product of his Majesty's British

Plantations or Colonies in America, may be imported drreftly from thence free of all Customs and Impositions whatsoever: And whereas Mahogany, and various Sorts of American Wood, are become very useful and necessary to Cabinet-makers and other Artificers in this Kingdom, and it would tend to the Improvement of the Manufactures thereof, and to the more comfortable Support and Maintenance of great Numbers of his Majesty's British Subjects employed in the making and working of such Goods, and to the Increase of the Exportation thereof into foreign Parts, when so manufactured here, if Liberty

was given to import such Goods from all Parts of America Duty-free Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into this Kingdom directly, from any Part of America, in British Vessels, navigated according to Law, any Sort of unmanufactured Wood, being the Growth and Product of America (except Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits) without paying any Subsidy, Custom, or other Duty whatsoever for the same, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

From Sept. 29, 1771, unmanufactured Wood may be imported from America, except Marts, &c. without paying Custom or Duty.

Due Entry to be made in the Custnm-house at the Port where imported.

Mahogany of the Growth of the Bay of Honduras, imported to the Port of London fuice 1770, having paid the Duties, Commissioners to cause the said Duties to be repaid.

Act 26 Geo. II.

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a due Entry of such Goods shall be first made in the Custom-house belonging to the Port where the same shall be imported, in the same Manner and Form, expressing the Quantities and Qualities of the respective Goods, as was used and practised before making of this Act, and the said Goods shall be landed in the Presence of the proper Officer appointed for that Purpose, otherwise such Goods shall be liable to the Payment of the same Duties as would have been due and payable for the same, if this Act had not been made.

III. And whereas several Parcels of Mahogany of the Growth and Produce of the Bay of Honduras have been imported into the Port of London since the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, for which the Importers have paid or deposited the Duties payable thereon with the proper Officers of the Customs; and it is reasonable that the Importers of such Mahogany should receive the Benefit intended by this Act \ Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs, or any four of them, to order the said Duties so paid or deposited to be repaid; and such Officers are hereby authorised and required to repay the same to the Importers of such Mahogany, or to any other Person legally authorised to receive the same.

IV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Goods or Merchandises liable to retain the Infection

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 42. 233

of the Plague, and coming from the Levant without a clean Bill of Health, shall he landed at any Part of Goods from the Great Britain or Ireland* or of the Isles of Guernsy, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, unless it shall ap- Levant liable to

ported into this Kingdom from any Port or Place in the Streights or Levant Seas, except such Ports or ed in Britain or Places as are within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, and some Doubts have arisen, whether such Ir;!,nd., Raw Sillc and Mohair Yarn, though shipped and laden in the said Str eights and Levant Seas, within the S,!k 2nd Mo<

h :ir Yarn, of Product of

Dominions of the Grand Seignior, can be legally imported into this Kingdom, rafter having been landed at Malta, Ancona* Venice, Alejjina, Leghorn, Genoa, or Marseilles* for the Purpose of being opened and An?, aired as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing to ll bede-med of this Act, any such Raw Silk or Mohair Yarn as shall be or have been shipped in any Port or Place in to be imrotted the said Streights or Levant Seas, within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, and which shall be after- from ,>l^rn*

wards landed at any or either of the Places herein before particularly mentioned for the Purpose of opening S"

and airing only, and which shall he rc shipped on board the same Ship from which they were so landed, ni^whae* shall, upon Importation into this Kingdom, be deemed and taken to have been imported from the Port or such Goods were Place within the Grand Seignior’s Dominions where such Goods were first shipped, and not from the Place firA dipped, where they were landed to be opened and aired j any Thing in any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted ElecMons, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And whereas further Provisions may be necessary to prevent all Obstructions and Difficulties which in certain Cases may arise in the Execution of the said Act ;* Be it therefore enacted By the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the nailing of this Act, if several Parties, on distinct Interests or Grounds of Complaint, shall present separate Petitions, complaining of an undue Election, or Return of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, the same Notices and Orders shall be given to all such Parties, or their respective Agents, as by the said Act are directed to be given Co the fitting Members, or the Petitioners therein mentioned, or their respective Agents.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Clause in the said Act which provides, that no Petition shall be taken into Consideration within fourteen Days after the Appointment of the Committee of Privileges, be repealed; and that from henceforth no Petition, complaining of an undue Election, or Return of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, shall be taken into Consideration within fourteen Day's after the Commencement of the Session of Parliament in which it is presented, nor within fourteen Days alter the Return to which it relates shall be brought into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown.

III. And be it further enacted, That if at the Time of drawing by Lot the Names of the Members in Manner prescribed by the said Act, the Number of forty-nine Members, not set afulc nor excused, cannot be completed, the House shall proceed in the Manner they are directed by the said Act to proceed, in case there be less than one hundred Members present at the Time therein prescribed for counting the House j and so from Day to Day, as often as the Case shall happen.

IV. And be it further enacted, That on the Day appointed for taking any Petition, complaining of an undue Election, or Return of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, into Consideration, the House shall not proceed to any other Business whatsoever, except the Swearing of Members previous to the Reading of the Order of the Day for that Purpose.

cf undue Electioni, the Heufc rtiall not preceed to other Business previous to reading

V. And be it further emeted. That if the select Committee shall have Occasion to apply or report to the House, in relation to Adjournment of the said select Committee, the Absence of the Members thereof,

<t the Non-attendance or Misbehaviour of Wit tidies summoned to appear, or appearing before them, and the House shall be then adjourned for more than three Day.-, the said select Committee may also adjourn to the Day appointed for the Meeting of the House.

YrI. And be it further entitled. That if, on a Complaint by Petition of an undue Election or Return, there shall be more than two Parties before the House, on difliiKt Interest, or complaining or complained of upon different Grounds, whole Right to be elected cr returned may be afficcLd by the Determination of the said (elect Committee, each of the fai l Parties Pull successively (trike otFa Member from the forty-nine Members to be chosen by Lot, until the said Number be reduced to thirteen, in the same Manner as by the Lid Act is directed for the (hiking off a Member alternately by the Parties therein mentioned; and thr Lists of the forty-nine Members chosen by Lot shall, for this Purpose, be given to all the said Parties, and the Order in which the said Parties shall so Prikcoffthe Lid Members shall be determined by Lot after they are withdrawn fiooi the Bar, and in such Case neither of the said Patties (there being mure dun two)

[Preamble.]

Act io Geo. III.

After paflirg hereof, Complaint of an undue Election,

See. Notice and Orderi to be given to Partier and their Arer.ls. Clause in Act io Oeo, 111. repealed.

If at tl.e Time of Drawing 49 Members cannot be completed, the House- jo proceed in Manner dirreied by A el 10 Ciro. 111.

On the Day

pointed lor nearing Co-TT.pljir.tt ihj Order.

Manner of adjourning the ie-IcCt Co.i*:n.U5C.

If on Complaint of undue Ei'O t.on 1 her* u-Ul be mor- th»n ivu P u:ti' 5 1 I. i;.dt li.mrrrt, each Party shall iWiki oil a Member fi >*n toe 49 succes-fi.ely, uni.I reduced io l j.

234 C. 43. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

When the Lift shall be permitted to name a Member to be added to the Members so drawn by Lot as aforesaid; but that Is returned to the as soon as the Lift of thirteen Members shall be returned by the Parties to the House, such thirteen Mem-House, the 13 bers shall immediately withdraw, and shall by themselves chufc two Members then present in the House* withdraw-l°and w ^e Names shall not have been drawn, to be added to the said thirteen Members; and shall, within one within one Hour from the Time of their withdrawing, report the Names of such two Members to the House; which Hour, report the two Members shall be liable to be set aside on the like Objections Cor which Nominees may be set aside by Names of such virtue of the said Act: And in case such two Members, or either of them, shall be set aside for any of the In°afc ibc^two ^‘lu^cs aforesaid, then the said thirteen Members shall chufc* one or two ether Members, as the Case shall Meinhcr»Cfli-»U reclui:c* until two Members are chosen, against whom none of the Objections to Nominees mentioned fr.t?fide, they hi the said Act shall be taken and allowed; and that the Names of such two Members shall be then added shall chufc to the said Lift of thirteen Members; and all the said fifteen Members shall be fwoin at the Table, and others, unril two they shall be ihc fclcvlt Committee appointed for the Purposes expressld in this and the said former

rc chosen. Act.

Where the No-

VII. And be it further enacted, That where the said Nominees are by this Act directed to be named by mincts aredi- t]ie faj,] thirteen Members, no Membe r present at the Time of the Ballot shall depart from the House until C i^noMem l^ie i,ne Cor the Meeting of the said select Committee shall be fixed, her to dcpait till the Time ol M.cting of the feloit Committrc is fixed.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for dt.iblishing a Mouse or l loufes of Industry in the of Wight, for the Recep* tion. Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor belonging to the l'everal Parishes and Places within the said Island.

[Preamble.]

Women capable of voting (ry Proxy) as Guardians.

First Meeting of Guardians.

WHEREAS the Poor in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great Expence by their respective Parishes and Places: And whereas the granting of proper Powers for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor in the said Island, and providing a Place for their general Reception, will tend to the more effectual Relief and Assistance of such as, by Age, Infirmities, or Diseases, are rendered incapable of supporting themselves by their Labour, to the better Employment of the able and industrious, to the Correction and Punishment of the Profligate and Idle, and to the Education of poor Children in Religion and Industry; and thereby the Poor, inllead of being wholly supported by the Public, may contribute to the Support, Af- fiftunce, and Relief, mutually, of each other, and be of some Advantage to the Community, to which they have hitherto been only a heavy and grievous Burthen May it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, all and every Person and Persons who shall then be, and, from time to time, shall thereafter become seised or possessed, in his, her, or their own or Wife’s Right, of Lands or Tenements, either in Fee or for Life, or for a long Term of Years absolute, or determinable upon any Life or Lives, and rated to the Poor’s Rates in the respective Parishes and Places within the Ijk of Wight, at the Value of fifty Pounds per Annum\ and all Heirs-apparent of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, rated as aforesaid, at the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum\ and also all Re&ors and Vicars for the time being of the several Redories and Vicarages within the said Isle of Wight \ and also all and every Person and Persons who then, and from time to time thereafter, shall be rated to the Poor’s Rates in one or more Parish or Parishes within the said Island, for Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Tithes occupied and enjoyed by him, her, or them, at the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum, shall be and are hereby declared to be incorporated by the Name of The Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of Wght', and shall for ever, in Name and Fad, be one Body Politic and Corporate in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and shall be and be called The Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of Wight, and shall he enabled to fuc and plead, and be sued by that Name, in all Courts and Places of Judicature within that Part of Great Britain called England \ and, by that Name, shall and may purchase, take and receive, any Goods and Chattels whatsoever, to or to the Use of the said Corporation: Provided always, That such Corporation shall not be capable of taking or holding any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, except such as are herein after particularly mentioned and intended to be hereby vested in them.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Women who shall be seised of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or be rated to the Poor’s Rates respectively as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby authorised to act as Guardians, for all the Purposes of this Act, by Proxy, appointed under their Hands; and the Persons appointing such Proxies may, from time to time, revoke such Appointment; and such Proxies shall be granted to such Persons as shall be Guardians $ but no more than one such Proxy shall be granted to or received by any one Guardian whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Guardians, or so many of them as shall think fit, shall meet on Tuesday the twenty-fifth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, at the Sun-Inn in Newport, in the said Ife of Wight; and being so assembled, shall, between the Hours of Eleven and Twelve of the Clock on the same Day, proceed to the Execution of this and, by a Majority of Voices of such of them as shall be so assembled, appoint some one Guardian then present

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 43." S35

present to be President or Chairman of stich Meeting; and such Person so elected President or Chairman shall cause the rest of the said Guardians then assembled to proceed, by way of Ballot, to the Choice of twenty-four of the Guardians, which twenty-four Persons so chosen shall be called Directors of the Poor Directon, t I’ithin the Isle of Might \ and the said Guardians, so assembled as aforesaid, shall, by Ballot, elect and chuse one or more other proper Person or Persons to be Treasurer or Treasurers, anti one other sufficient Person and Treasurer, to be Clerk of the said Corporation of Guardians, who shall, from time to time, enter ad their Proceedings*0- to be in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and likewise such other Officers as the said Guardians shallchofen* find nerefiary for the Kxccuiion of this Act.

IV. And be it fui ther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That twelve of such Directors shall go out Twelve Direc-by Ballot every Year and that, in the Room and Stead of the Persons so going out, twelve other Persons, I '0 Ro0l,t *7 qualified as aforesaid. to be Directors, shall, on the Tuesday in En/ler Week in every Year, in like Man- 11 <uyeary* ner, bo chosen; who, tog ther with the twelve remaining Directors, shall be Directors for the Space of one Year then next ensuing.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every poor Person, and Person incapable Poor how \°

of providing for himself or herself within the said ljk of [Eighty shall continue under the Government and j bul: Management of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of his or her Parish or Place, in the same

Manner as he or she now are, until the Home or IF uses herein after mentioned fna)l be built and fitted up

for their Reception; and that from and after the General Meeting of the said Guardians, which the Directors of the Poor in the said Hland are herein afterwards required to call, within three Months next after the said House or Houses shall be built and fhted up for the Rect ption of the Poor, every poor Pci son, and Pcilon incapable of providing for himself or herself, within the said Isle f [Eighty shall be under the Government and Management of the f.iiJ Guardians of the Poor; and that each and every poor Male f°

Child, which at any Time hereafter shall be maintained by the said Guardians, shall be and remain under Cuardu^iuT a their Government rill he arrive at the Age of eighteen Years, and each and every poor Female Child, till ccituio she shall arrive at the Age of sixteen Years; and that after such respective Children shall have attained the said respective Aces, they shall be difeh urged from the Rule and Government of the said Guardians, and be it their own L)ifpnlal; or the Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor herein after directed to be chosen, may, at any Quarterly Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, dismiss such Children before their respective Ages ot eighteen and sixteen Years, in case they shall think proper so to do.

VI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further erased by the Authority aforesaid, That it Hull and may or put out it

be lawful to and for the Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor herein after directed to be chosen, by APrrcn*"e*»

and with the Consent of any two Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton^ acting in and for the Division of the Isle of [Eighty at any Time before such respective Children shall arrive at such respective

Ages as aforesaid, to bind any of such Children to be Apprentice, where they shall see convenient, till such Child shall come to the Age of twenty-one Years, or to bind any of such Male Chi! Iren to be Apprentice in the Sea Service to any Captain, Mailer or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, in like Manner as Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, with the Allelic of the Justices of the Peace, are determined by the Laws now* in being impowered to do; and the Person or Persons to whom any such Child shall be b miul Apprentice, shall be obliged to receive and provide for ft.ch Apprentice, in like Manner as by the Lows in being Persons are obliged to provide for Apprentices in the like Circumstances; and no Apprentice so bound as aforesaid shall (except with the Consent of the said Directors and acting Guardians prt font at the Weekly Meetings herein alter appointed to be haJ) be ail.gned or turned over to any other Ik non; and that the Person or Persons to whom any such Apprentice shall be so assigned or turned over, shall he obliged to receive and provide for him or her, in the same Manner, and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Person or Persons to whom such Apprentice was rirft bound, as aforesaid, was or were obugcJ to receive and provide for him or her.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directiors and acting Guardians, by and with the Consent of any two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southamptorty adding in and for the Division of the Isle of iV'ghty at any Time, before such respective Children shall arrive at inch respective Ages as aforesaid, to bind any of such Children to be Apprentice or Apprentices to the Governor or Steward herein after directed to be appointed by virtue of this Act, for the time being, till such Child or Children shall come to the Age or respective Ages of twenty-one Years; and on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of such Governor or Steward, such Apprentice or Apprentices so bound to the Governor or Steward shall belong and appertain to the succeeding Governor or Steward, without any formal Alignment being made to him of inch App;entree or Apprentices, and so, front time to time, to the Governor or Steward for the time being, until the Kxpi-fr- ic n or The Term for which any of Inch Children shall have been respectively bound; and such Child or Crindten shall rdpicnvely serve the said Governor or Steward for the time being as Apprentice or Apprcti-t.0 s until the 1 ml of toe said Term for which he, she, or they respectively shall be bound, and shall, dunng the said Term, be cor. fide red as Apprentice or as Apprentices to the Governor or Steward fur the tune t'cirg, to all Intents and Purposes, in the same Manner as if he, she, or they, had been originally bound to every new or succeeding Governor or Steward respectively; and such Child or Children 10 to be R.und ro the la;d Governor or Steward shall be provided for and maintained by the said Guardians during such his, her, or their respective Apprenticeship, in the same Manner as other poor Children are to be provided for and maintained by virtue of this Act; and all Profits, Benefit and Advantages arising from every such Ai nrcntice so bound to the said Governor or Steward, shall be accounted for to the said Guardians, and lli.ll be lud, received, and taken by them, and be applied for the Purposes of this Act,

: it

rnor c r "or it? time beir Z-

236 Ci 43*

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Poor may be let out for Work,

r delivered to Parents, &c.

Power to borrow

lkloaej.

Workhouses in the several parishes in ti e 111 ind verted in

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors and ?6!ing Guardians may, on Application made by any Farmer or cdier Person wanting a Number of the said Children, or of the said other poor Persons, in Harvest, or other Work suited to the Strength and Ability* of the said Children, or other poor Person?, let out such Number of the said Children, or other poor Persons, ns shall be required, on a Contract for their Labour and Maintenance, at such Wages as shall be agreed for between the said Directors and atting Guardians and the Person or Persons hiring such Children, or other poor Persons; which Wages shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Guardians, and shall be by him accounted for, and be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

IX. Provided also, That if the Parents, Kindred, or friends of Children so maintained by the said Guardians, shall either, when the said respective Children shall attain their said respective Ages of Eighteen 3nd Sixteen Years, or at any Time before, be desirous or willing to receive, maintain, and employ such Children, and such Children shall be willing to be so received, maintained, and employed, it shall be lawful for the said Directors and acting Guardians, if they shall think so proper, to dismiss such Children.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, until the said acting Guardians shall be chosen, and for the said Directors and atting Guardians, after the said acting Guardians shall be chosen, from time to time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of twelve thousand Pounds, at an Interest not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to assign over by Writing, signed by seven of the said Directors at the I c a ft, under the Common Seal of the said Corporation, all or any Part of the Poor’s Rates to be collected within the said Isle of Wight, in pursuance of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money so to be borrowed; and such Securities may be, from time to time, assigned and transferred, by Indorsement or otherwise, without Stamps; and such Alignments and Transfers shall intitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, to all Principal and Interest Monies due, and to grow due, upon such Securities.

6 XI. And, in order that the Sum to be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act may be the lese burthen- some,* Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Workhouses now belonging to the several and respective Parishes in the JJlc of Wight aforesaid, together with the Lands thereunto belonging, Trusteep to be be VL’fte<E and the same are hereby veiled in Sir John Barrington of Swain/fan, in the said Isle of Weighty

/old for the Pur- Baronet; Sir Richard JVorsley of Appuldercombe, in the said Ijh of I Wight, Baronet; and Sir JVHUam Oglan-poses 0/this Act# der of Nunwell, in the said Isle of Wight, Baronet; and their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon Trust; that they the said Sir John Barrington, Sir Richard JVorsley, and Sir William (Jglander, and their Heirs, shall and do sell and convey the said several and respective Houses and Lands to inch Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the same, and shall and do pay the Monies arising by such Sale or Sales into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Corporation, to be applied for defraying the Expences of obtaining, and other the Purposes of this Act.

Prorifo.

XII. Provided always, That if any Parish or Parishes shall, in order to elude the Purposes of this Act,

fell or convey their Workhouse or Workhouses, or the Lands thereunto respectively belonging, or any Part thereof; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors and atting Guardians, at their Meeting for r.fceitaining the Proportion each Parish is to pay towards the Maintenance of the Poor, to advance the Rates of such Parish or Parishes so felling or conveying such Houses or Lands as aforesaid, in proportion to the Value of the House or Land so fold, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum.

Rewiris to be

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors and ailing Guar-made to Officers. dians shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, to allow such Rewards to such Treasurer, Clerk, and other Officers, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, as to the said Directors and ailing Guardians shall, from time to time, seem reasonable; and also to take Security by Bond, in a sufficient Penalty, with Sureties, from such Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Persons, for the due Execution of his or*

their Office or Offices.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Treasurer, Clerk, or any other Officer or Officers, shall continue in his, her, or their Office or Offices only during the Pleasure of the said Directors and acting Guardians; and that it shall be lawful for the said Directors and the acting Guardians to be chosen in Manner herein after directed, who shall be present at any General Quarterly Meeting herein after appointed, by Ballot, to displace them, or any of them, and upon their Removal, Death, or Resignation, to chuse others in his, her, or their Stead.

XV. Whereas his Majesty, in Right of his Crown, is fcifccl of or intitled unto the Forest of ParPhttrfly in the Isle of Wight, of very great extent, and at present yielding little Profit, save to the several Owners and Proprietors of Freehold Estates within the said Isle, who have or claim an unlimited Right of Common upon the said Forest: And whereas some Part of the said Forest, not fardistant from the Town of Newport, in the said Isle of Wight, will be a very convenient and commodious Situation for the placing c a House or Houses for the Reception of the Poor, and making the ncccifiry Buildings and Accommodations for the Purposes of this Act, and if a small Portion of the said Forest was vested in the said Guardians of the Poor, and their Kuccefiors, to be used and employed for the erecting and providing a Houfo or Houses, with such Buildings md Accommodations as aforesaid, the good Purposes of this Act would be greatly furthered and affiiled Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, and he is hereby enabled to make a Grant, under the Exchequer I'urp feofbuiJJ- Seal, of such Part or Portion of the said Forest of Parkhurst, as his Majesty's Governor of the Isle of Wight ing Houses, for the time being, and the said Sir John Barrington, and Sir William Oglandrr, and James H or fey of Sten~ bury, in the Isle of Wight aforesaid, Esquire \ Henry Roberts of Standen, in the Isle off Wight aforesaid, Esquire;

Removal of Of fleets.

Mr Mqrfty, in

Fxight ^of th? Crown, is infilled to t\e Forest of Parkhurst in thclfleofWighq

Grant of Part therejf fort ha

237

A.D. 177 c.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. +3.

and the Reverend Leonard Troughcar Holmes of JVtflo very in the Ijie of Wight aforesaid, Clerk; or the Survivors of them, or any three or more of them, of which Number the Governor for the time bf irg to be one, shall, within the Space of six Months from the passing of this Act, set out and allot for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding eighty Acres, such Grant to be made to the Guardians of the Poor within the Ijie of nighty incorporated by this Act, for such Time and Term of Years ns his Majesty shall think proper, notwithstanding the Limitations of the Civil List Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of her lute Majesty Queen Anne* and subject to such Rents and Reservations, and under such Clauses and Conditions, as are usually reserved and contained in like cases; and the Land lo to be granted, shall be held by the said Guardians and their Successors, in such Manner, and to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as from time to time shall seem most proper and convenient for effecting and accommodating the Purposes of thr» Act,

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Land out of his said Man dry's Forest of Parkhurst, so to be velted in the said Guardians for the Purposes of this Act, or any of the Buddings to be thereupon made and erected, shall not be subject or liable to the Payment of any Rates, Taxes, or Levies whatsoever.

XVII. And whereas a plentiful Supply of good and wholesome Water, for the Use and Accommodation of the House or Houses to be erected for the Reception of the said Poor, will be elsentiaDy ncctiiiiry: And whereas it may happen that a plentiful Supply of good and wholesome Water on any Part of the said Forest, convenient for the Purpose of erecting such House or Houses, may not be found, and that no Grant of Part of the said Forest under the Exchequer Seal shall be made as aforesaid Be-it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in either of those cases, it dial I and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, to purchase and contract for any Quantity of Land and Buildings within the said Island, lying as near as m..y be to the Center of the fad lilana^ and in such Situation as to them shall appear most likely to yield a good Supply of Water, not exceeding in the Whole eighty Acres, to be conveyed to, and held by, the said Guardians, and their Successors, for the Purpose of erecting and providing such House or Houses for the Reception of the said Poor, with such Buildings and Accommodations as aforesaid; which said Land so to be purchased, shall, from and immediately after the same dial 1 be conveyed to the said Guardians and their Successors, under a good and perfect T itle in the Person or Persons conveying the same, be held and enjoyed by them the said Guardians, and their Successors, forever, and shall not be liable to, or be charged with, any greater Xaxes, Rates, or Assessments, than in proportion to what shall usually have been paid for the same, or been charged thereon, before the same became vested in the said Guardians as aforesaid, and to pay for such Lands and Buildings out of the Monies to be borrowed or raised by virtue of this Act.

X\Ti 1. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors shall and may, and they are hereby required, as loon as conveniently may be after the p illing of this Act, to build and erect, in a plain and durable Manner, on the Land so to be vested in the said Guardians as aforesaid, the several Buildings following; that is to say, A convenient Building, or Part of a Building, to serve as an Hospital for the Reception of such aged, sick, or infirm Persons, and young Children, as are not able to work; one other Building, or Part of a Building, to serve for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment of such poor Persons as are able to work; and one other separate Building, or Part of a Building, to serve as a House or Houses of Correction, for the Punishment and keeping to hard Labour such idie and disorderly Persons, who, being able, shall refuse to work, or otherwise misbehave themselves 5 and such other Building* as the said Directors shall find needfary for executing the Purposes of this Act: Which said Buildings fruii be called by the general Name of The House of hulnjhy in lie Ijie rf 1! 7eft; and the said Directors shall keep the Buildings so created as aforesaid in good Repair, and from time to time alter or enlarge the same, in such Manner as shall be thought convenient; and that the Expence of erecting or preparing such Houses or Buildings, and keeping the same in Repair, shall be defrayed out of the Money arising and to arise by virtue of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors, or any seven or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, a Committee to direct and superintem! the said Buildings, until the same shall be finished: And the said Committee shall enter all their Proceedings in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall and may, by Order under their Hands, or the Hands of any four or more of them, at a public Meeting alVembled, order any Sum or Sums of Money to be piid determined by the Treasurer or Trecfimrs out of the Money remaining in his or their Hands for the Purposes of this Act; and such Order or Orders shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, a Discharge to the Trea-fu rcr or Treasurers for nnv Money by him or them reflectively pod.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors of the Poor within (he said Island shall and may, within three Months next after such House or Houses shall be firvffrd. provide and furnish the lame with all neccfiurv Furniture, Household Goods, and LtnliF, and shall also provide a convenient Stock of f lax, Hemp, Wool, Cotton, T hread, Iron, Stone, Wood, Leather, or other Materials, for the Employment of the Poor received into such House or Houses; and for that Purpose only, may set up, use and occupy any Trade, Mystery, or Occupation whatsoever, in such House or Houses.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so soon as the said Buildings shall be completed, and properly fitted up and furnished, for the Reception of the said poor Persons as aforesaid, there shall he, from time to time, elected in Manner herein after mentioned, the Number of thFtv-fix of the said Guardians, to be the noting Guardians duiing such Time as herein after directed; and for that Purpose the said Directors shall call a General Meeting of all the Guardians of the Poor in the said

Lands cr Build* irr not subject to 1 axet.

Director* may

contract for the Pure li.tfe rf

Lands, <&c.

To erell such House cr iioufcff

Dire flnre to fu. ptiintrnH the Building y

and prrv'dtf Furniture anj Material!,

Wffr Building are ftiiithed.

a Cfnf'ttl Mating to t« called,

23

8 C.

43-

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

to ailing Guardians*

\ General C.- inp to Se ielJ on Tuesday 0 Week

r.?r!y for eleding Guardians.

Proviso#

S m»l 1 Par lilies to j*>in in te-turning Ripjc-feotaii ves.

P‘tenors ani

af'ir p Ouvitc’nns to makt Orders.

Fif«eea to be prel- nt.

0"artu!y Meet-

said Isle of Height) and the Clerk for the time being of the said Guardians shall give at least six Weeks previous Notice of the Time and Place of such General Meeting, by causing Notices thereof in Writing to be affixed at the principal Door of the several Parish Churches in the said island, to the Intent that the several Persons affclkd to the Poor within their said several Parishes may afibmble and meet at their several and respective Parish Churches, at such Day and Time as shall in such Notice he expressed, not later than three Weeks after the time of giving such Notice, in order to proceed to the Election of such Number of Pc; fons, qualified as Guardians, resident in such Parish, (if so many can be there found, if not, any Person or Persons qualified as aforesaid, out of such Parish) as shall be in the Proportion of one Guardian for every sixty Pounds which such Parish shall then be assessed to the Poor, the Names of which Guardians so elected shall, by the Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the said several and respective Parishes, be set down in Writing, and delivered or transmitted to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being of the said Corporation, at least ten Days before the Day fixed for such General Meeting; at which said General Meeting the said Directors shall set down in Writing such Number of Guardians as shall, out of the Number of thirty-six acting Guardians, to be elected as herein after mentioned, be the just and proper Number of Guardians to be allotted as Representatives or Representative of each such Parish, in proportion to the Sum aliefied upon each such Parish as aforesaid; and thereupon the said Directors and Guardians present at such General Meeting shall, beginning with the said several Parishes in an alphabetical Order, elect by Ballot, out of the whole Number of Guardians so returned by each respective Parish, such Number to be the acting Guardian or acting Guardians for such Parish as shall be so set down by the said Directors, to be the proper Proportion of such Parish, in the said Number of thirty-six Guardians; which said thirty-six Guardians so elected, shall be and continue acting Guardians, until such new succeeding adding Guardians shall be elected in their Place and Stead, on the Tuesday in Easter Week then next following, as herein after diridted, and not longer.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That after the said General Meeting for electing such thirty-six acting Guardians shall be had, a like General Meeting shall be held on the Tuesday in Easter Week in every Year, for electing thirty-six other Guardians in the Place and Stead of the acting Guardians of the preceding Year, in order to which annual Election such Number of Guardians shall be elected in Manner aforesaid, N by the said several Parishes, on the first Alonday in the Month of March in every Year and be, in like Manner, transmitted by the Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the several and respective Parishes where such Election is to be made to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being of the said Corporation, at leaf! ten Days before the said General Meeting, when the said Directors and Guardians there assembled shall proceed (in such Form and Manner as before is directed to be observed at the said first General Meeting for electing the adding Guardians) to elect the thirty-six acting Guardians for a Year then commencing, and to end the Tuesday in Easter Week in the Year following.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Parish or Parishes shall neglect: or refuse to make out and return a List of Persons to be acting Guardians in Manner before directed, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors and acting Guardians present at the said General Meeting to proceed/ by way of Ballot, to the Choice of one or more Person or Persons qualified as afore-fai.l, either rifident in or living out of such Parifil or Parishes, to be the Representative or Representatives of such Parifil or Pari files so neglecting or refilling to make out and return such List or Lilts as aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Assessment upon any Parish within the said island shall be so final! as not to intitle such Parish to be represented by one of the said thirty-iix acting Guardians, every such Parish shall join and act wi'h such contiguous Parish or Parishes as the Directors shall fee fitting, or by the Notice or Notices to be given to such Parifil or Paiifiies of the said first General Meeting for t l-Tting the said thirty-six Guardians, shall be directed, as well in electing of the said Guardians to be returned to the said Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Corporation, previous to the said first General Meeting, as also at every future Election of Guardians for the same Purpose, until the said Directors and acting Guardians for the time being shall fee cause to join the same with some other Parish or Parishes for greater Convenience, which they shall have Power to do as they shall Ice Occasion.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors and acting Guardians for the time being shall have, and they are hereby declared to have, full Power and Authority to make, from time to time, such Bye-laws, Rules. Orders, and Constitutions, as well for the better governing the said Corporation, as for the better governing, employing, and supporting the said poor Persons in the said. island, and for the carrying on any Trade that shall be set on Foot for the Employment of the said Poor, and for other the Ends and Purposes of this Act; and from time to time, afterwards, to repeal, alter, or amend such Bye-l.iws, Rules, Otders or Constitutions, as to them the said Directors and acting Guardians shall firm meet, lb that such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, are not repugnant to the Law's of the Laud.

XXVI. Provided always, That not less than fifteen of the said Directors and acting Guardians together (five of which Number at least to be Directors) shall be present at every Meeting, for the Purpose of making Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, or Constitutions; and the major Part of the said Directors and acting Guardians then present (of which major Part five at the least to be Directors) shall give their A fieri t to such Bye-laws, Rule's Orders or Constitutions, and that no such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders or Constitutions ftnll be deemed valid until they have been approved and confirmed by a Judge of Assize.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That after such Directors and acting Guardians shall be chosen as aforesaid, the said Directors and acting Guaulians shall hold four General Quarterly Meetings in every Year, on the four several Days following; (that is to say) The Tuesday in Eajicr Week, the Tuesday next

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 43* 239

after the Feift of Saint John the Baf t if y the Turf lay next after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel,

;mj the Tuesday next after the Featt of the Nativity of our Lord Christ; the fir It of which said Quarterly thail he held at the Snr: Inn in Newport a lore said, and the subsequent Meetings at Inch Place as the Di ectors and acting Guardians piefent at the preceding General Quarterly Meeting, from time to time, fiiaii direct and appoint.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Directors present at the General Quarterly Meeting to r <->nci?s in be held on Tucfdcty in Eyhr Week in every Year, shall till up, by Ballot, all such Vacancies as fhJI have D r-fu.rs ro be happm.d in t; 1 c twenty tour Directors, by Death, Removal, or Refusal of acting, as well as such Vacan-

civs as dull then happen determined by the going out of Directors, by Ballot, as aforesaid; and at the said General a*

Meeting in Eafer \Vreek the Directors and acting Guardians then present flaal examine anj audit the Trea-furer’s Auouno, and tluli then, by Ballot, re-elect the same Person or Perfms, or any other Person or Persons, to be Treasurer or Treasurers for the following Year and so from Year to Year, on every fuc-ecc Ji:ig 7uejiay in Easter Week for ever.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That at any of the said General Quarterly Meetings tfacuici?*in b rein before directed to be held, other than the General Meeting on the ‘luefday in E after W<ck, the P:r*iu>n or JXrectos present at such Meltings shall and may fill up, by Ballot, amongst themselves, any Vacancies IT filled u*.°W that may have happened in the t vetrty-four Directors, either by Death, Removal, or refuting to act; and to vt u],‘

the Diicciors and acting Guardians present at such Meetings shall and may, out of the Lilt of Candidates at the last preceding E ectiv>n of ailing Guardian>, fill up, by Ballot, any Vacancies that may have happened in the thirty-six acting Guardians, either by Death, or Removal, or refusing to act; but no such Director or acting Guardian lo to be elected to fill up any Vacancy, shall continue Director or acting Guardian for any longer Time than the Person in whose Place he shall be elected might or ought to have continued by virtue of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors and acting Guardians shall, at the said Meet- Committ-e? foi ing to be had on the Tueflay in Easter Week, appoint twenty-one Directors and acting Guardians together ^hQ^ucr, (live of which Number at the lead to be Directois; for each Quarter of the succeeding Year, to inspect, diner, manage, and provide for the said poor People in such respective House or Hojfes; and for that Purpose the

fi.J twenty-one Directors and acting Guardians, or any five or more of them, whereof two to be Directors, shall in the respective Quarter of the Year for which they shall be appointed as aforesaid, meet at the said Their Tower. Ilwufc or Houses to be built for the Reception of the Poor aforesaid, every Saturday Morning, or oftener, it it shall be neccfijry, together with the Clerk for the time being; and such of them as fhdi be there prefer,t 111 .11 rnd may give such Directions as they shall think proper for the Employment, Maintenance, and Relief of the Poor in such House or Houses, and for carrying into Execution such Rules, Orders, and Con-Petitions, and such Powers and Authorities as shall be, from time to time, made and granted by the said Lree'ors and acting Guardians.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said twenty-one Directors and acting Guar- Pejialtifion chans so to be from time to time appointed as aforesaid, for each and every Quarter in the Year, may, and anpn,*'irfc they are hereby authorised, by Agreement amongst themselves, to fublivide themselves into Committees of

seven, to act for each Month in each Quarter, but so as not to preclude any of such twenty-one from being pulent, or voting at any such weekly or other Meeting aforesaid; and if there shall not he present at any Meeting, so appointed to be held, hve Directois and acting Guardians together, (two whereof shall beDirectors) every Director who, by any such Agreement as aforesaid, ought to have attended, and shall be absent, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; and every Guardian, who, ty any such Agreement as aforesaid, ought to have attended, and shall be absent, shall, for every such Of-Lncc, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chmels of such Director or acting Guardian, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Justice of the Peace for the said County of Southampton^ acting in and for the Divitiun of the ljle of JVight; and such Forfeiture shall be raid to the Treasurer of the said Guardians, and added by him to the Common Stock, for the Use of the roor.

XXXII. Anil b? it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, at the said four General Quarterly Account? tn Sr Meetings the said twenty-one Directors and acting Guardians for the preceding Quarter respectively shall fcuwo *1 R:t!c their Accounts, and, from time to time, shall cause tii fame to be delivered by their Treasurer 01 *Qf,raSlcc‘^ Ch 'k for the time being, or other Officer, to one of the Cle'k> of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton, acting for the Division of the Isle of Wight; which Justices shall, and are hereby impmvered,

to hold a Special Sessions four Times in the Year; that is to say. Once in each Quarter, < n the Tuesday

in the Week next ensuing each of the said four General Quarterly Meetings, to audit the said Accounts;

and the Clerk of the said Justices shall lay the same before the Justices of the Peace, at such Selnons, to he

by the said Justices examined, audited, and finally pall* d, for whiih a Fee of ten Shilling* and Sixpence,

nod no more, shall he paid to the Cictk of the said Justico, or l:r> Deputy; and no other Fee or Reward

shall be paid to, or be had, received, or taken, by the Clerk of the said Justices, or his Diputy, or any other Person or Persons, under any Pretext whatsoever: Provided thu the Justices boldine Imh Seffirms,

or any or either of them, shall not have acted in the Capacity of Director during the Time for which

feih Accounts are to be patted.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority nforTaiJ, That r.t all such four General rfu'-n DiuOors Quarterly Meetings by this Act directed to be held, not less than fif teen of the said Dn e.stors and a‘ring u bcpickni. Guardians together (five of which Number at the least shall be Directors) shall be pidun; and the major

Part so assembled, of which major Parc five at the least shall be Director;, h*;.!! gr.c their A (Tent to every Order made at such Meeting.

240

Afic.Iiiients.

Not to etccH

one Yejr’s Rate upon a Medium ironi Eailcr*

Principal Money bnrrov oJ to be said oft’.

D:restor or

rj’.urdian may .®rder Relict,

-till Hie turt meekly Meeting,

C. 43. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

XXXIV. And, for the better Security of such Sums of Money as shall be borrowed by virtue of this Act, and for providing for the Poor to be employed or relieved in such House or Houses, and for defray- ing the other Expences of this Act,’ Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, after the said House or Houses shall be erected and finished for the Reception of the said Poor as aforesaid, the said Directors and acting Guardians shall and may, and they are hereby impowered, at the said General Quarterly Meetings, to a 111-Is such Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding the respective Rates herein after mentioned, upon the several Parishes and Places within the said island, as they the said Directors and acting Guardians shall judge necessary for paying the Interest due on the said Debt, and for defraying the Expellees of the current Quarter, and for and towards paying off and discharging the said principal Debt and such Assessments being delivered to the Cleric of the Justices of the Peace for the County of South-cwftcn, acting for the Division of the Isle of Wight, at a Special Sessions to be held for that Purpose, and being allowed by the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions assembled, (for which Delivery and Allowance no Fee or Reward whatsoever shall be had, received, or taken, by any Person or Persons whomsoever) the said Directors and acting Guardians for the time being, or any three or more of them, (whereof one to be a Director) shall be, and they are hereby impowered to issue Warrants, under the Seal of the said Corporation, to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, in all and every of the several Parishes and Places within the said Island, requiring such Churchwardens or Overseers to pay at some particular Time and Place, to be specified in the said Warrants, the Sums so affcfled upon the said several Parishes and Places respectively, to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Guardians for the time being, whose Receipt for the same shall be a legal Discharge to such respective Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor; and for raising the Sums so afieffed by the said Directors and acting Guardians, such respective Churchwardens and Gvcrftrrs of the Poor shall, from time to time, and they are hereby required, with as much Equality and Indifference as is possible, to raise by Taxation of every Inhabitant, Parson, Vicar, and others, and of every Occupier or Renter of any Land, House, Tithe Impropriate, and Propriations of Tithes, in their respective Parishes and Places, (o much Money as shall be assessed upon such respective Parishes and Places by the said Directors and acting Guardians, in such and the like Manner as Money for the Relief of the Poor is by the Laws now in being to be raised, with such and the like Remedy to Persons aggrieved, by way of Appeal, as is given concerning Rates or Assessments made for the Relief of the Poor by the Laws now in being; for all which Sums of Money so assessed and received by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, in case of any Deficiency, the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes and Places wherein such Sums of Money shall be so assessed or received, shall be answerable, and shall be compellable to pay the same upon a RealVeffment, which in that Case is hereby directed to be made by the Directors and acting Guardians assembled at any General Quarterly Meeting; and such Taxes and Assessments, and also such ReaflciTments, shall be levied and recovered in such and the like Manner as Money a lie fil’d for the Relief of the Poor is, by the Laws now in being, to be levied and recovered.

XXXV. Provided always, That the Sums to be assessed by the said Directors and acting Guardians, at their General Quarterly Meetings upon any one of the said Parishes or Places, shall not exceed in any one Year the Sum which shall have been rated or act'cfled for the Relief of the Poor in such respective Parishes or Places in one Year, upon a Medium, to be drawn from Eastery one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, to Ea/Ur, one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

XXXVI. And, for the more regular discharging of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be borrowed upon the Credit of this Act, and the Interest for the same,* Be it further enacted, That one equal Moiety or Half Part of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall yearly, and every Year, be saved out of the Rates and Assessments to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act, and the Profits of the Work of the Poor, and shall remain in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Corporation upon settling his annual Accounts, shall £0 and be applied yearly, and every Year, towards the paying off and discharging such Sum and Sums of Money 2s shall be borrowed upon the Credit of this Act, until the Whole of such Monies shall be paid off and discharged; and that the other Moiety or Half Part of the Monies which shall be so saved as aforesaid, shall yearly, and every Year, be applied to lessen and reduce the Rates and Assessments to be made for the Relief of the Poor within the said Island, below the Average or Medium Rates from Easter, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, to Rafter, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, in an equal Degree, and in Proportion to the Rates which shall be levied upon the respective Parishes within the said Island.

XXXVII. And whereas it may happen that, by Casualties or sudden Illness, several poor Persons may stand in need of an immediate Relief, before Application can be made for the same at the weekly Meet- ings to be held in pursuance of this Act:* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, at any Time or Times, for any Director or acting Guardian, upon Application made to him, or upon his own Knowledge of the Fact and Necessity of the Case, by Writing under his Hand, to order the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor for any Parish, Place, or Difirict within which any poor Person final 1, from any Casualty, Accident, or sudden Uliiefs, (land in need of an immediate Afliffance and Support, forthwith to pay unto every such poor Person any reasonable Sum or Sums of Money for his or her Support, until the next weekly Meeting of the Committee of Directors and acting Guardians shall be held in pursuance of the Directions in this Act; which said Sum or Sums of Money such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers, shall immediately pay and apply, in such Manner as such Director or acting Guardian so ordering the same shall direct, out of the Monies collected, or to be collected, by him or them for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be allowed the same in his or their Accounts; and the said Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers, upon whom any such Order or Orders shall be made by such Director or acting Guardian

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 43.’ 241

as aforesaid, shall attend at the^ next weekly Meeting of the said Committee of Directors and acting Guardians, and lay before the said Committee the State and Circumstances of the Person or Persons so ordered to be relieved, when the said Committee shall give such further Directions for the Maintenance and Relief of such poor Person or Persons as to them shall seem expedient.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may Two Justicei be lawful for two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the said County of Southampton, acting miy in and for the Division of the IJlt of fright, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to order the Direc- powy tors and acting Guardians to grant such Relief as to them shall seem meet, to any industrious poor Persons, who shall have Occasion to apply for the same.

XXXIX. Provided always, That no such Order for the Relief of any poor Person or Persons within the Pwrifot said island, shall be made by any such two or more Justices as aforesaid, until such poor Person or Persons shall have applied, or caused Application to be made for such Relief, at some weekly Meeting of the Committee of Directors and acting Guardians, to be held in pursuance of this Act, and such Relief shall at such weekly Meeting have been refused, and the Person or Persons so applying for the same shall have been dc~ nied Admittance into the said Houses.

XL. And be it enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or one of them, or some Chorchwirteji* Person for them, for each respective Parish or Place within the said island, shall, and they are hereby re- H

quired, upon Notice in Writing, signed by three of the said Guardians, being delivered to them respect first *.*"*& lively, or left at their respective Places of Abode, at lealt two Days before the first Meeting of the said Guardians, to attend the said first Meeting, with the Books in which the Accounts of the Overseers of the Poor for seven Years, from Easter, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, to Easter, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, have been entered, and where no such Books shall be kept, with the original Kates for the Maintenance of the Poor; and shall leave in the Custody of the President or Chairman, who shall be chosen at such Meeting, such Books and Rates, together with an Account of all such other Sums t#

of Money not included in the said Rates, as shall have been expended within the said seven Years by such^ Pitadent,* Churchwardens or Overseers respectively, for the Relief of the Poor in any such Parish or Place; and such Presidentor Chairman shall deliver such Books, Rates, and Accounts, to the Directors, who shall be then also elected, to the End that they may examine the same, and fix and ascertain the Proportions to be ob-fe.vcd in assessing the said respective Parishtsand Places, at the said General quarterly Meetings; and such Directors shall return such Books, Rates, and Accounts, to the said Churchwardens and Overseers, when* ever they or any of them respectively shall demand the same, after the Expiration of thirty Days from the Delivery thereof to such Prehdent or Chairman: And in case all or any of such Accounts or original Rates Panfattob* for any Parish or Parishes, Place or Places, shall not be produced at such first Meeting of the said Guardians, i/fenM at Dif-such Directors may, notwithstandine, assess such Parish or Parishes, Place or Places, at their Discredon, l*00

but as equally as they can, in like Proportion with other Parishes and Places; Regard being had to the r4CM ddireied* Value of such Parish or Parishes, Place or Places, and to the Number of the Poor usually maintained therein.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Constables, or Churchwarden*, other Parish Officers, for the time being, of all and every the Parishes, Divisions, and Precincts, within to *nd the said Islands, shall, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, aid and aifiit the said Guardians, Di- of GoariianiT* rectors, and aiding Guardians, to the best of their Power; and shall at all Times obey their Warrants and reasonable Orders, relative to the Execution of this Act: And in case any Churchwarden or Overseer of Penalty on the Poor, or Constable or other Officer, shall refuse or neglect to raise and levy the Sums so aflfclTed upon Neglect, his respective Parish or Place, or to pay at the Time and Place appointed, the Money so collected and levied, or to obey any such Warrants or Orders, every such Churchwarden, Overseer, Constable, or Officer so neglecting orrefufing, shall be summoned by Writing, under the Hands of any three Directors or acting Guardians, to appear at the next General quarterly Meeting of the said Directors and acting Guardians, to be holden as aforesaid; and if such Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, Constable, or other Officer so summoned, shall neglect or refuse to appear at such General quarterly Meeting, or if appearing, he or any of them shall not sufficiently excuse or justify him or themselves, but shall, in the Judgement of the major Part of the said Directors and acting Guardians assembled at such General quarterly Meeting, be adjudged guilty of disobeying such Warrant or Warrants, Order or Orders; that then, and in every such Case, all and every Person and Persons so adjudged guilty as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Justice of the Peace for the said County of Southampton> acting for the Division of the ljle of Wight; and such Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Guardians, and added by him to the Common Stock for the Use of the Poor: But if any such Church- Churchwarden?, warden, Overseer of the Poor, Constable, or other Officer so offending and convicted as aforesaid, shall &c*l* *gp|'cvcJi think himself aggrieved, that then it shall and may be lawful for such respective Officer to appeal to the nextm,y app<* General Quarter-Sections to be holden for the said County, 2XfVincheJ}ery against the Judgement of the said General quarterly Meeting; and the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at the said Scliions aflem-bied, shall and may hear and determine such Appeal, and may mitigate or set aside such Penalties, in such Manner, and award such reasonable Costs as they shall think proper, and the Judgement of such Justices at such Quarter-Sessions, shall be final without any other Appeal.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Directors and acting ^"aIty Gu^dians shall neglect or refuse to hold any such quarterly or annual Meeting or Meetings, every Direc- cct)nto *c for and acting Guardian failing in his Duty therein, shall, for every such Default, forleit the Sum of forty Shillings; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Director or acting Guar-Vol. XL 1 i dial).

242 C. 43.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Guardians to {rant Certifi*

citti.

Clerk.

Parishes to maintain the Poor not pro* during Certi* ficaici.

dian, by Order of the next Sessions, to be holden in pursuance of this Act, for auditing the Directors and Guardians Accounts, unless a sufficient Reason shall be given on the Behalf of such Director or acting Guardian, to be allowed by such Sessions; and if there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Directors and adding Guardians at any of such Quarterly or annual Meetings, such necessary Rate shall be ordered to be made by any two Justices of the reace of the said County acting in and for the Division of the said Bland 5 and in case no such Order is made within one Month from the Time when such quarterly Meeting should have been held, the same Proportion shall be rated, assessed, and raised, in such respective Parishes and Places, by the respective Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the ensuing Quarter, as was raised in the preceding Quarter, and shall be paid to the said Treasurer in such Manner as is herein before mentioned, with respect to the taxing, aflTeffing, collecting, recovering, and paying of the Sums assessed by the said Directors and acting Guardians.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Poor are under the Government of the said Guardians, at the Time appointed by this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor, at any of their General quarterly Meetings assembled as aforesaid, to grant Certificates under the Common Seal of the Corporation, to any Person whose legal Settlement shall be in any Parish or Place within the said Isle of Wigkty and who shall be willing to remove, or shall have removed out of the said Island j which respective Certificates, under the Common Seal of the said Guardians, and attested by their Clerk for the time being, and signed by two Justices of the Peace, as Certificates are now by Law directed to be, shall be good and valid to all intents and Purposes, and no other Certificates whatsoever to be granted within the said Island shall be valid or of any Effect; any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Certificates to be

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as the said Poor are under slivered to the the Government of the said Guardians as aforesaid, all Certificates which have been delivered to, and remain in the Custody of the respective parochial Officers, by Persons reflding within the said Island, shall he delivered forthwith; and all Certificates which hereafter shall be delivered to the respective parochial Officers, by Persons coming to reside, or reflding within the said Island, shall be, from time to time, delivered within the Space of fourteen Days after the Receipt thereof, by such Officer, to the Clerk to the said Guardians for the time being, who shall cause the same to be filed, so that Reference may be had thereto at any future Time.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Overseers of any Parish within the said Island shall suffer any Person having a Wife, Child, or Children, whose legal Settlement shall not be in any Parish within the said Island, to inhabit within their Parish for the Space of thirty Days without producing such Certificate as aforesaid, and such Person, or his Wife or Family, shall become chargeable; that then the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, being convicted thereof upon the Complaint of any two or more of the said Guardians, before any one Justice of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, acting for the Division of the said Isle of Wight% and Proof being made by the Oath of one credible Witness, that such Person was resident in such Parish with their Privity, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Justice; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Overseers of the Poor, or any or either of them, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice 5 and the Forfeiture so levied shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Guardians, and be added by him to the Common Stock, for the Use of the said Corporation; and that all Charges and Expences whatsoever, incident to, or attending the Removal of any poor Persons, to or from the said Island, shall be paid by the Treasurer of the said Corporation out of the Common Fund.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds already given to Parochial Officers within the said Island, by private Persons, to indemnify the Parishes from any Charge that may arise from particular Bastard Children, shall be delivered likewise by such respective Officers to the said Guardians of the Poor; and it shall and maybe lawful for the said Guardians to lue on such Bonds in their Corporate Name, and they shall recover the Penalties thereof, as if such Bond had been originally made to them: And all Bonds fuc in ihcir own hereafter to be given for the same or any the like Purposes as aforesaid, shall be made to the said Guardians Name. of the Poor; any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all voluntary Contributions which well disposed and charitable Persons shall think proper to make, towards the carrying on the good Purposes hereby intended, shall be paid to and received by the Treasurer of the said Guardians, and be applied and disposed of in such Manner for the Maintenance, Clothing, Employment, Accommodation, and Benefit of the Poor in such House or Houses as the Contributor and Contributors shall direct and appoint: and if no particular Direction or Appointment shall be given or made touching the Application of such Contributions, the same shall be made Part of the Common Stock, and applied for the general Purposes of this Act; and a List of the Names of such Contributors, and an Account of the Sums by them contributed, shall be affixed in the most conspicuous Part of the said House or Houses.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and acting Guardians, at a General quarterly Meeting assembled, from time to time, to appoint one or more Governors or Stewards to oversee and inspect the Persons so maintained in such House or Houses, who shall be a Member or Members of the Church of England, well recommended for Sobriety, Honesty, and Diligence, and who shall be capable of reading, writing, and calling Accounts; and also any Woman or Women, who shall be maintained by the said Guardians, or any other Worn \n or Women, as to the said Directors and acting Guardians shall seem most expedient, as a Matron 01 Matrons to attend and superintend the Poor in such House or Houses, under the Direction of such Governors or Stewards of the Poor in such House or Houses; and such Governors or Stewards shall have the Care and

Bond relating to Ballard Children to be dc* l.vcred to Guardian*.

Guardians to

Voluntary Contributious.

Appointment of Steward or Governor,

Matrons,

243

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 43.

Management of the Poor maintained in such House or Houses, and shall, from time to time, make Reports of the behaviour of such poor Persons who shall be there maintained.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors and acting Guardians, at any General quar- and aCIergy. terly Meeting assembled, shall and may, from time to time, appoint some Clergyman of the Church of man.

England to instrud such Persons as shall be maintained in such House or Houses in the Principles of the Christian Religion, and the Children in the Church Catechism, which the Governors or Stewards shall once at lead in every Week hear such Children repeat; and also to visit the Sick, baptize the Children, bury the Dead, and perform other Offices of his Profession in such House or Houses: And the said Direc- Allowance t# tors and acting Guardians at any General quarterly Meeting assembled, shall, and they are hereby impow- lhcai* ered to make such Allowance to such Clergyman and Governors or Stewards, and Matron or Matrons, for their Pains and Trouble therein 5 and may, from time to time, displace or discharge him, her, or them, or any of them, as to them the said Directors and acting Guardians, at any such Meeting assembled, shall appear reasonable; and shall and may pay such Allowances out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any poor Person maintained and relieved in the said House or Houses, shall be guilty of orofane cursing or swearing, or of any lewd, immoral, indecent, or disorderly be

Behaviour; or shall neglect or refuse to perform the Work or Services which he or she shall be required to Directors Lt do, or shall be remiss therein, such Work or Service being suited to his or their Age, Strength, and Abi- i£hngGu»rJi-lity; every such Offender shall and may be punished by moderate Correction Oj* Distinction of Dress; such ansj Punishment to be inflicted by Order of the major Part of the said Directors and acting Guardians present at any weekly Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act.

LI. Provided nevertheless, That if the Governor or Governors shall make Complaint to any Justice of or, upon AppiiT the Peace for the County of Southampton, acting in and for the Division of the Isle of wight, against any idle Citlon* b> or disorderly Person or Persons, maintained and relieved in the said House or Houses, guilty of anjr Of-Julilcc of Pc*ce* fence, that then it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit the Offender to the House of Correction for the said County, at Newport in the Isle of fright, for any Time not exceeding one Month, or direct corporal Punishment only, or both corporal runimment and Commitment, as such Justice shall, according to the Nature of the Offence, think proper.

LII. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Apparel with which any of the Poor (who shall Penalty on pnr-be maintained by the said Guardians) shall be clothed, at the Expence of the said Guardians, shall be, re- !0,ninB or mak* main, and continue, and be deemed and taken to be the Property of the said Corporation; and in case any ^mcn^'V Person or Persons maintained by the said Guardians shall purloin, fell, or pawn, any of the Materials or work or Tp-Implements of Work intruded to him, her, or them, and belonging to the said Corporation, or shall fell parel. or pawn r.ny of the Apparel with which he, she, or they shall be clothed at the Expence of the said Corporation; or in case any Person or Persons shall run away or depart from such House or Houses with the Cloth js or Apparel provided by or belonging to the said Corporation, without the Leave of the major Part of the Directors and acting Guardians present at a weekly Meeting, to be held in pursuance of this Act; upon Complaint being made thereof before any Justice of the Peace for the said County, adin£ in and for the Division of the Uu of Wighty by any of the said Guardians, or by the said Governors or Stewards, or any nf them, such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to issue a Warrant for the apprehending any such Otf nder; and for his or her first Offence, to order the Person so apprehended, being convicted thereof before such Justice of the Peace, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on his or her own Confession, to be sent to the House of Correction at Newport aforesaid, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month; and for the second Offence to be sent to the {a 1 j House of Correction for any Time not exceeding one Month, and then to be publickly whipped; and for the third Offence eveiw such Offender shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of Felony, and being legally convicted thereof, shall suffer such Punishment as Persons convicted of Petit Larceny are liable to by the Laws now in being.

LIII. And, to the End that all the poor People in the said House may be encouraged to apply them*

selves to such Ta/ks in which they shall be employed, with Diligence and Humility/ Be it further enacted jBdulJri‘Bf C by the Authority aforesaid, That, out of the Profits arising to the said Corporation, from the Work which shall be done by such poor People, such Rewards shall be distributed to the Industrious and Skilful, in proportion to the Quantity and Perfection of their Work, as to the said Directors and acting Guardians, assembled at any General quarterly Meeting, shall appear reasonable, so as no Part of the Money paid in such Gratuities be expended in the Purchase of unwholesome or unnecessary Liquors, the drinking of which the Governors or Stewards, and Matron or Matrons, are hereby strictly enjoined to prohibit and prevent.

LIV. And, for inciting the Governors or Stewards, and Matron or Matrons, of such House or Houses,

to discharge the Duty of their Offices with Humanity, Diligence, and Fidelity/ Be it enacted, That, !!rnoc *nd over and above such Salaries as shall be assigned to them, by the Order of the said Directors and adingGuar- 4kroni* dians, they, and each of them, shall receive out of the Profits of Work so done by the said poor People, such Proportion thereof as by the said Directors and acting Guardians, at a General quarterly Meeting atiembled, shall be judged ptoper, so as such Gratuity shall not exceed Twopence in the Pound of the Value of the said Profits.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Profits of the Work so done by the Appier of said poor People in the said House or Houses, deduding the reout such Allowances and Gratuities as are Pcor’* herein before limited, shall be applied in Aid of the said Rates and Affcflinenu towards the Maintenance of work. the Poor within the said Island.

2 4+

C. 43.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

l)’.ie&r>rs and i uan'tr. s may cr nrralt for cm< pt ;ytrg the Poor.

Penalty on Officers pur* Joining Goods

Guardians may

apprehend idle

LVI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors and acting Guardians, at a General quarterly Meeting affmbled, from time to time, to contract, if they shall think it expedient so to do, with any Person or Persons for employing all or any of the poor People in the said House or Houses, upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Directors and act ng Guardians shall think proper, such Contractor or Contractors being subject to such Rules and Regulations as are herein before prescribed for the Eife and Benefit of the said poor People, and to receive the Profits of their Labour, deducting the reout the Gratuities payable to such poor People, and the Governors or Stewards, and Matron or Matrons, in Manner aforesaid, in Part or in full of Payment and Satisfaction for the Service to be performed by virtue of such Contract, so as no such Contract shall subsist, or be in Force for a longer Spa e than one Year.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Governor or Steward, or other Officer appointed, or Matron or other Person whatsoever employed by the said Guardians, shall purloin, embezzle, or wilfully misapply any of the Monies, Materials, or Implements of Work, Utensils, Goods, or Chattels, belonging to the said Corporation, every such Offender shall not only be discharged from his Office, but shall also forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and also Treble the Value of such Money, Materials, or Implements of Work, Utensils, Goods, and Chattels, which shall be so purloined, embezzled, or misapplied, to be levied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act impeded upon Overseers of the Poor are directed to be levied, and to be applied to the Use of the Poor in the said House or Houses; and in case sufficient Dillreis shall not be found, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for an^ one Justice of the Peace for the said County, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space not exceeding six Months, nor less than one Month.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Guardians to apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, all Persons being in any Parish or Place Persons rci'using within the said Island, who not having wherewith to maintain themselves, live idle without Employment, wiihVhcm an(* re^u^e to work for the usual and common Wages given to other Labourers in the like Work in the Pa-as Vagabond*. rishes or Places where they then are, and to convey, or cause to be conveyed, to some Justice of the Peace for the said County, acting in and for the Division of the Isle of IVighty the Person or Persons so apprehended; and such Person or Persons so apprehended shall be deemed Vagabonds, and shall be dealt with according to the Laws which shall be then in Force concerning Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons.

Justice* to pro-

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where one or more Justice ceed upon Com- or Justices of the Peace is or are impowered, by the Laws now in being, to proceed on the Complaint of plamt of Dnec- the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Parishes, or of any of them, it shall and Guardiant^'or may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they are hereby required to proceed on Governor*. the Complaint of any of the said Directors or acting Guardians, Governors, or Stewards for the time being, in such and the like Manner, *to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Complaint had been made by such Churchwardens and Overseers, or any of them.

Governors to be

LX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more Peace Officers. - easy Execution of the Powers and Authorities in this Act contained, the Governors or Stewards for the time being shall be Peace Officers in Right of such Office; and that all Warrants issued by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of this Act, or any wife respecting the Government and Management of the Poor within the said Island, shall and may be directed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, either to the Governors or Stewards for the time being, or to the Constable or Constables, or other Pence Officer or Peace Officers, of the Parish or Place where the same are respectively to be executed; and such Governors or Stewards are hereby authorised and required to execute such Warrants so directed to them accordingly j and all Persons are hereby required to be aiding and assisting to such Governors or Stewards, in the Execution of such Warrants, in the same Manner as if such Warrants had been executed by a Constable or other Peace Officer.

Forfeitures given

LXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines and Forfeitures arising from any Of-to the Poor, to fences committed within the said Island, where the Whole, or any Part thereof, is given to the Poor of any Treasurer. Pari&* or for any Offences against this Act, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Guardians, to the Use of the Poor of such House or Houses.

Expences of the

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of procuring this Act of Parliament, A^10 bc first shall be paid out of the first Monies to be raised or borrowed by virtue of this Act.

Guardians to LX

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians, Directors, and acting Guardians, shall, at

drfray their owp their first and every other subsequent Meeting, defray their own Charges and Expences.

Expences.

LXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Di-

That no Person rector or Guardian, under the Authority of this Act, during the Time he shall be concerned in, or have rtftororGua^" any Contract For the Performance of any Work, or supplying any Necessaries for carrying this Act into dian, concerned Execution, or the supporting of the said Poor.

io any Control.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the said first, and all and every fub-Questions haw to sequent Meeting of the said Guardians, or any Committee of the said Guardians, or any of them, and all be determined. Meetings of the said Dircdiors and acting Guardians, all Questions which shall not be directed by this Act to be determined by Ballot, or agreed to be so determined by such Guardians and Directors, shall be determined by the Majority of the persons present; and, in case of an Equality of Votes, the Chairman of such respective Meeting or Committee shall have the calling Vote.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

C. 43. .245

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Directors and Guardians ap- Directorsand pointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of this A*£L shall, at the tuft Meeting at which he or she shall atft, <'ua.di-.nt to d 'liver in, or cause to be deliver'd in, in Writing under his or her Hand, an Account of his or her Quali- 8lvc "? 'ccou"t# iica ion, and in what Parish or Parishes, Place or Places, the same is or are fnuate. cltionl "

LAY 11. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it any Person or Persons shall con- NortTongU-vey any spirituous or Strong Liquors, into any House or Houses to be erected determined by virtue of this Act, such quorstobc Person or Persons shall be, and he, (he, and they, are hereby declared to be subjected to such and the like brought into the Pains and Penalties as are by an Act of the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George a,ulcs« the Second, directed to be inflicted on Persons conveying Spirituous Liquors into Prisons or Gaols.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times be

hereafter, five or more of the said Guardians, who shall be seised, in their own Right, of Lands, Tene- ca^"Vthe ments, and Hereditaments, lying in the said Island, of the yearly Value of five hundred Pounds each, shall Rtq ,cit utfive dehre the Directors and acting Guardians, affmbled at the General quarterly Meeting next preceding the or moic Guir. annual Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, that at such annual Meeting a General Meeting may dun*, puddled be held of all the Guardians by this Atft incorporated; that then, and in that Calc, the said Directors and acting Guardians ailembied at such quarterly Meeting shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to Annumw direct Notice of the holding of such General Meeting to be inserted in the Salisbury 'Journal, or some other public Paper, circulated in the Isle of Wight, for four Weeks next preceding the said General annual Meeting j and that if the Persons dciiring such General Meeting shall make it appear to the Guardians there assembled, that there has been any Mismanagement or Abuse of the Trust reposed in the said Directors and acting Guardians, that then the Guardians then and there assembled in pursuance of such Notice, shall and may elect Directors and acting Guardians in the Room of those so abusing their Trust, in such and the same Manner, and subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Directions, as are herein before prescribed, both with regard to the original Election of the said Directors and acting Guardians, and to the Powers and Au-thoiitics in them vetted by this Act, when so elected; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing therein con- Saving Righti of taineJ, shall not prejudice or affect the Rights of the Lord and Lords of any Manor or Manors within the Lords of Manors* said ljU of Wight, and of the Freeholders, and other Inhabitants within the said Island, in and to all Rights or Common, or other Rights or Privileges whatsoever, in, upon, or within the said Forest of Parkhurfli but that such Lord or Lords for the time being, and all Persons claiming or to claim under, or in Trust for him or them, as Lord or Lords aforesaid; and also all Freeholders and Inhabitants within the said Island,

shall, at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all Rights of Common, and other Rights and Privileges, other than and except such Right of Common, and other Rights and Privileges, as can or may be claimed by them, any or either of them, upon the Land to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same could have been held or enjoyed, in case this Act bad not been made.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com- Limitation of me need against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be Aaiona. commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fail committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County of Southampton, and not elsewhere 5 and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in M*-Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon a Verdict for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the said Plaintiff or Plaintiff’s, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have TrebkCoflt* in any other Cases by Law: And in all Actions or Suits so commenced or prosecuted, the Inhabitants of the said Island shall be deemed and admitted to be good Evidences; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken Public Act*-tobe a Public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

246

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

[Preamble.]

'Commissioneri

Name*.

C. 44.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages, within that Part of the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, which lies within the East End of Wefigate Bridge, the South Side of Northgate Bar, the North End of Kirkgate Bridge, (except so much thereof as is repaired by the West Riding of the said County of York) and the extreme Part of the Township of Wakefield aforesaid, leading from Wrengate towards East Moor, for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

WHEREAS the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, within that Part of the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, which lies within the Eait End of Wefigate Bridge, the South End of Northgate Bar, the North End of Kirkgate Bridge, (except so much thereof as is repaired by the West Riding of the said County of York) and the extreme Part of the Township of Wak field aforesaid, leading from Wrengate towards East Moor, are in a very ruinous Condition, and very ill-paved, repaired, and cleansed, and the Passages thereof are greatly obstructed by various Nuisances and Annoyances: And whereas several of the aforesaid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, are in some Parts thereof too nar- row, and extremely incommodious for the passing of Carriages and Persons: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Health, Safety, and Advantage of the said Town of Wakefield, and be of public Utility, if all the aforesaid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, were properly paved, repaired, and cleansed and widened, turned and altered, where necessary, and all the Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, were removed for the future :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable William Lora Viscount Galway\ in the Kingdom of Ireland -, the Right Honourable John Lord Mexborough, in the Kingdom of Ireland; Sir Thomas Wentworth, Sir Lionel Pitting* ton, Sir Rowland Wynne, Sir John Ramsden, Sir George Savile, Sir John Lifter Kaye, Sir George Armitage, Sir William Lowther, the Honourable George Carey, the Reverend Bryan Allot, Bryan Allot the younger, Henry Allot, Charles Allanfon, Richard Beaumotit, Thomas Beaumont, John Brooke, Godfrey BoJwiUe, William Beatfon of Hollingthorpe, Thomas Cotton, Nathaniel Cholmley, Benjamin Farr and, John Giu of Sandal, John Hatfield Kaye, Edwin Lajcejles, Daniel Lafcedes, Edward Lafcedes, John Lifter, Cavendish Lifter, Michael Pilkington, Harrison Pilkington* John Spencer, John Smith, John Snuth junior, Francis Wood, Godfrey Wentworth, Jonathan Weft, Samuel Wood of Woedthorte, Chorus Waterton, Henry Zouch Clerk, Edward Prince, Thomas Thornhill, George Thornhill* Walter Wade, Charles Wilkinson* John Spencer, Mathew Robert Arnott, John Smythe, John Suv filer Smith, Doctor Cookson, John Milnes, Pemberton Milnes, James Milnes, Michael Bacon D, D. Peregrine Wentworth, Richard Towne, Harpham Green, Daniel Maude, Wiliam Maude, Francis Maude, Francis Maude junior, James Maude, Janus Banks, Robert Amory Doctor in Physic, George Charnock, Alexander Hatfield, Joseph Hargrave, William Serjeansion, Robert Milnes, Charles Steer, Colonel Loftus, Anthony Tottenham, Edward Ribfdale, Benjamin Thomson, Alan Johnson, Thomas Hardy, Richard Buxton, Jeremiah Barfiow, Timothy Heald, William Beale, Thomas Smith, Mtfigrave Bris-coe, Richard Kennet, Thomas Hirft, Thomas Denijon, Thomas Oates, William Marfden, Samuel Wood of Woodthorpe, Edward Jennings, Robert Cheetham, Thomas Walker, George Holt, George Maudftey, John Let, Henry Cornwall Legh, John Clarkson, William Burrell, Joseph Burrell, Richard Burton, Samuel Harrison, Isaac Popplewell, William Nevilson, Joseph Nevinson, Joseph Baildon, John Woollin, Henry Zouch Clerk, Samuel Zouch, Daniel Scott, William Richardson, Thomas Crowther, John Moxon, John Bradford, John Crowther, John Johnson, Robert Lumb, Richard Lumb, Joseph Shepard, Joseph Hatfte ienior, Philip Haifie, John Eldson, Joseph HaiJle junior, Stephen Roodhouse, Joshua Wilson, Joseph Armitage, Richard Tennant, George Bucktrout, Benjamin Sigfion, Charles Clapham, William Bargh, Thomas Bargh, Samuel Smallpage, Ambler, Thomas Holdsworth Doctor in Physic, Thomas Walker junior, John Smythe junior, Benjamin Fofier Cleric, Christopher Atkinson Clerk, John Taylor Clerk, William Shaw, Richard Stovin, Luck An-ningfon, Benjamin Johnson, John Burton, John Naylor, Wiliam Wilcock, Robert Tidswell, Francis Ingram, George Brooke, George Cotton junior, John Thornton, Giles Rickaby, Thomas Norton, John Gill, Metcalf Prop or, William Fenton, Thomas Fenton, the Reverend Mitchell, the Reverend John Woollin, and

their Successors, to be elected, nominated, and appointed, in pursuance of this Act, are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution: And in case of the Death of any of the said Commissioners, or of any of their Refusal to act, or if any of them who are now Inhabitants of the Township of Wakefield aforesaid, shall remove thereout; that then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to el^ft, nominate, and appoint one or more fit Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Room and Stead of such Commissioner or Commissioners so deceased, refusing to act, or removed as aforesaid; such new Commissioners, in the Room of those who lived within the said Township, to be supplied out of Persons inhabiting within the said Township; and such new Commissioners, in the Room of those who lived without the said Township, to be supplied out of Persons living out of the said Township; but fourteen Days public Notice of the Time and Plhce of Meeting for every such Election shall be given, by affixing the same in Writing upon the Church Door.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 44. 247

and Market Cross of the Town of Wakefield aforesaid: And such Person and Persons as shall, from time to time, be so elected, nominated, and appointed, shall from thenceforth have the same Power and Authority to ad in all Things relating to the Matters herein contained, as if he or they had been expressly named and appointed by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified or capable of acting as a Commissioner OommUBonm in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the*®* actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear u

yearly Value of forty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal Estate to the Amount of one thousand rounds; and if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to ad contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall foe for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt; and every Person so sued shall prove that he is so qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of him who shall sue for the same, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act; one Moiety whereof to be paid to the Person who shall sue for the same, for his own Use, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint; the same to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Com- Commifv missioner during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit, or have any Share or Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall meet atFirft Meeting the Public House called the Strafford's rfrms% situate in the said Town of Wakefield, on Monday three Weeks CogunUSeacn. next after patting this Act, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and afterwards at such Time and Place within the same Town as shall be appointed for that Purpose*

as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution: And if at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act, and to adjourn to another Day, or in case the Commissioners so assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves; then, and in any such Case, any five of the Commissioners shall and may, by Notice in Writing, to be affixed on the Church Doors and Market Cross of the said Town of Wakefield, at least four Days before the next Meeting, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was held; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may meet accordingly at the Time mentioned in the said Notice, and proceed to the Execution of this Act; and the Commissioners shall, at CofnmUn°oef» their Meeting, pay their own Expences. iwn Expenceu

V. And be it further enacted, That at every Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held by virtue of PresidenPt to this Act, the Powers and Authorities hereby granted shall be carried into Execution by the major Part of detifive the Commissioners present, provided there are five or more of them present at such Meeting; and such one Vote.

of the Commissioners present as the major Part of them attending shall appoint, shall be President; and, in case of Equality of Voices, including the President’s own, such President shall, upon all Occasions, have another, and the decisive Vote.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five Commissioneri^ or more of them, from time to time, to elect, nominate, and appoint so many Clerks, Treasurers, Col-to appoint Offi-' lectors, and Scavengers of the Streets and other public Passages within the said Part of the said Town, and*"*

other Officers, as they shall think proper; and to remove and displace them, or any of them, respectively, as they shall see Occasion, and appoint others in their Stead, in case of Death or Removal; and also to limit and appoint what Wages and Allowances shall be paid and given to them respectively; and also to order and appoint how and in what Manner the said respective Officers shall respectively act and execute their several Offices, Places, and Employments; and also shall and may, from time to time, make such ether Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as the Nature of each particular Service shall seem to them to require, and, from time to time, to vary, alter, revoke, or make void any of their Orders, Rules, or Regulations, as to them in their Discretion shall seem necessary and expedient for putting this Act in Execution; which Orders and Regulations so to be from time to time made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes: And all and every such Officer and Officers shall give such Security for the due and d raUeS<c»« faithful Performance of their respective Offices as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shallrlty* think fit: And such Person or Persons as. is or are made liable to pay the several Rates or Sums of Money hereby granted, shall pay the same to such Person or Persons as shall be, from time to time, by the said Commissioners appointed to collect and receive the same: And all such Officers so to be appointed as afore- Sccirties to b*-. said. shall, under their Hands, at such time and times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall 'ntc(,cd la cired, deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and per- *><ci' fed Accounts in Writing, to be fairly entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies whirl) shall have been by such Officer or Officers respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how i-uch thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers (or fjch Payments; and shall pay all such Monies shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Com-rr..i.:>ness, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said respective Officers so accounting 3S aforesaid shall, upon Oath, if thereunto required (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any e:,cor more of them, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer), verity their laid Accounts:

And if any such Officers shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Accounts,

ec

248 C.-.44*

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

to account

to be brought before the Juf* ticci;

and on Nonpayment, Money to be levied by Distress; for want of

Officers refunngor'toPr0^ucc<)r deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payments as aforesaid; or shall not deliver to the fairi Commissioners or to such Person or Persons as they appoint, within ten Days after being thereunto required by the said Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in their Custody or Power respectively, relating to the Execution of this Act; or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as, upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners, or as they shall direct or appoint; then, or in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Commissioners may and are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or A6iions in the Name of such Commissioners, or in the Name or Names of any three or more of them, against the Officer or Officers so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York, such Justices shall and may, and are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers so neglecting or refusing to be brought before them; and if, upon the Confrffion of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward), or by any other competent Evidence, it shall appear to such Justices, that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, such Justices may and are hereby authorised and required, upon Non payment thereof, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Offi-.w. v. cers can found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale; which, Of- then, and in such Case, such Justices shall commit every such Officer to the House of Correction for the ficer to b« com- said West Riding, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding six Calendar mitte*. Months, or until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he

" shall compound with the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners, or any five or All Books, &c. more of them, are hereby impowered to make), and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and to be delivered Writings, as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners, or any five or »p. more or them.

Executors or

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or Collectors of any of the Rates or Assessments

Colicaorsto to be collected and paid for paving and cleansing, in pursuance of this Act, shall happen to die during the

make Account Time he or they shall be in or hold such Office or Employment, that then his or their Executors or Admi-*n.dh?a*ment. nistrators shall, within forty Days after his Decease, deliver in to the said Commissioners, or any five or Time? certain more of them, an Account of the Monies collected by such Collector or Collectors respectively; and shall also deliver all Books, Papers, and Things concerning his and their Office, to the succeeding Collector or Collectors, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint; which Money, if any due, shall be paid by the Executors or Administrators, of such deceased Collector or Collectors, in preference to and before any of his or their other Debts are paid or satisfied.

In case of Cd-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or AssessC-

le&or becoming ments to be collected and paid for paving and cleansing, in pursuance of this Act, shall embezzle or make insolvent, away with, detain or misapply any Sum or Sums of Money so collected by him or them for the respective.

Uses aforesaid 5 or that the Collector or Collectors, and Person or Persons giving Security for him or them, shall become insolvent, so that the same cannot be recovered; or shall die possessed of any Sum or Sums of Money by him or them collected by virtue of this Act, and which shall not be paid by his or their Exe-Deficiencyto be cutors or Administrators; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of made good by a them, shall and may again rate and assess such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be sufficient for railing new Rate. anc| Supplying such respective Loss and Deficiency as shall so happen on the said several and respective Accounts of paving and cleansing, to be applied to those several and respective Purposes, in such Manner as the said respective Rates and Assessments are directed to be made by this Act; and shall be collected, levied, recovered, and raised, in such Manner and under such Penalties as are herein provided for collecting and levying the said respective Rates and Assessments made payable by this Act.

Rules for clean-

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons inhabiting within the aforesaid sing the Streets. Part of the said Town of Wakefield\ shall, from and after nne Month next after the passing of this Act, sweep and cleanse, or cause to be swept and cleansed, all the Streets and other public Passages within the aforesaid Part of the said Town, before or on the Sides of their respective Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Stables, and other Buildings (not being dead Walls), to the Middle of such Streets and public Passages, once in every Week; that is to say, Every Saturday between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon, or upon such other Days, and at such other Times, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, and collect and put together the Dirt or Soil of the said Sreets and public PafTag* s, without the least Obstruction to the Way, Road, and Passage therein respectively, that may be, to the End the same may be ready for the Scavenger to carry away, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of five Shillings for every Offence or Neglect; and the Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Officer or Officers to be, from time to time, appointed for that Purpose, shall, and they are hereby required to sweep and cleanse, or cause to be swept and cleansed, before all void Houses, dead Walls, or waste Grounds and Places, Churches, Church-yards, and Chapels, and other public daces within the aforesaid Part of the said Town, at such Times as, shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,

9 and

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 44. 249

ftnJ coltest and put together the Dirt and Soil thereof in the Manner aforesaid, to the End the same may be ready for the loading and carrying away, upon Pain of forfeiting of ten Shillings for every Offence or Penahin for not Neglect: And if any Person or rerions whatsoever shall throw, caff, or lay, or cause to be thrown, caff, cr laid, any Ashes, Rubbish, Duff, Dirt, Dung, or other Filth or Annoyance whatsoever, in any Street,

Lane, Alley, Passage, public Place, or Water-course, within the aforesaid Part of the said Town, (except the Dirt and Soil to be collected and put together as aforesaid, and except also as hereafter is mentioned), every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings, as herein after is directed: And that all and every Person and Persons shall, and he, she, and they are hereby required to keep, or cause the same to be kept, in their respective Houses or Yards, until such Time as the Scavenger, or other Officer to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall come by or near their Houses or Doors with a Cart or Carts, or other Conveniencies to carry away the same, upon Pain of forfeiting five Shillings for every such Offence; which Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Officer as aforesaid, shall come on Sc»vefigersNo-Saturday in every Week, or on such other Days or Times as the said Commissioners, or any five or more hcctto be given, of them, shall appoint; and at or before his or their Approach, by Bell or otherwise, shall give Notice of his or their coming, and give the like Notice to the Inhabitants in every Court, Passage, or Place, into which any Cart or Carts, or other Conveniencies, cannot pass, and abide and ffay there a convenient Time, so that the Inhabitants or Persons concerned respectively may bring forth their Allies, Rubbish,

Duff, Dirt, Dung, and Filth (except any Filth from any Privy or Necessary-house), to such Cart or Carts, or other Conveniencies; all which Allies, Rubbish, Duff, Dirt, Dung, and Filth (except as

aforesaid), as well as all such Dirt and Soil as shall be swept up and collected together as aforesaid, the said

Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Officer appointed for that Purpose, shall then immediately, or as soon

as may be, carry away, or cause to be carried away, gratis, upon Pain of forfeiting ten Shillings for every

©stence or Neglect: And no Person or Persons whatsoever shall take or carry away, or cause to be taken Scavenger

and carried away, any Ashes, Dirt, Duff, Muck, Dung, or Manure, out of the said Streets and public P0,nte^ to

Passages of the aforesaid Part of the said Town, except such Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Officer to awty ung* c*

be appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, as aforesaid, (unless the same shall be taken or

carried away by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall respectively belong, or by his, her, or their

Order or Direction, before the Time that such Scavenger or other Officer as aforesaid shall come to carry

away the same, and unless such Muck, Dung, or Manure, as shall be brought into the said Streets or

public Passages from their respective Dungholes or Dunghills, for the Convenience of loading and carrying

away the same), on Pain of forfeiting and paying the Sum of five Shillings for every such Offence; and no

Inhabitant of the aforesaid Part of the said Town, or any other Person, shall permit or fufter any Muck,

Dung, or Manure, by them or any of them brought, or caused to be brought, into the said Streets or public Passages as aforesaid, in order to be loaded and carried away, to continue or remain therein above the Space of twenty-four Hours, on Pain of forfeiting ten Shillings for every such Offence.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commis- Commoner* sioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, as they shall think proper, to compound with all mav mmi'ion* or any of the Inhabitants of any Street or public Passage within the aforesaid Part of the said Town, by the Wl h Inhahi-Year, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, for the sweeping ^c'C4ft" and cleansing to be done by such Inhabitants respectively by virtue of this Act, provided such Composition- °8* c* tonney be always paid down in Advance.

XI. And be it further enacted, Thar the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have I.ana m?v be full Power to buy or rent Land for depositing of Soil, Ashes, Cinders, and Rubbish, in case they shall think pu chwfrd ,r proper so to do; and the Purchase money or Rent thereof shall be paid out of the said Rates; and the Pro- "njfd to deposit peny thereof, if purchased, shall be and is hereby vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this So‘' &c*

Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Property of all the pre- Pavement*, sent and future Pavements in the Streets, and all other public Passages within the aforesaid Part of the said in c°n*-Town, and of all Materials, Implements, and other Things to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, ^‘fi, oners» shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners; and they, or any five or more of them, who may bring are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name A<fii >ns or pre-or Names of any five or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer any Bill or tcr indictment*. Bills of Indidhnent, as the Case shall require, against any Person or Persons who shall take, (Lai, or carry

away, spoil, injure, or destroy any Part or Parts thereof: And the said Commissioners, or any five or more old Materia!* of them, shall have full Power and Authority to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the old and useless may be fold. Materials to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the same; and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to such and the same Purposes as the Monies arising from the Rates and Assessments in and determined by this Act directed to be made are directed to be applied: And if any Person or Persons shall wil- Penalty Ppr-

fully hinder or obstruct any of the Commissioners, Officers, or Workmen,’employed in any Manner in the sons "b<Vu^lin8 Execution of this Act, every Person or Persons so oftenJing in any of the Matters aforesaid, which shall be 1 c *or *c* taken ard deemed distinct and separate, shall, upon being convicted thereof by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or his, her, or their own Confession, before any Justice of Peace for the Lid West Riding (which Oath such Justice is hereby irfipowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) or by any other competent Evidence, shall forfeit for the first Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings, for the second Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, and for the third and every other Offence the Sum of five Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the said Commissioners, to be disposed of for the Purposes of this Act.

2«jo C. 44.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Sewers, 8cc, to fee made.

how to be prevented*

Penalty on Offender*

Power of ma-

Scwer.

Commissionen

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing this Act, it shall and may be lawful to may order the and for the said Commissioners, from time to time, and at all times, when and so often as they, or any five Pavements of OT more of them, shall think proper, and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised to order the Streets to be an(j aj] or any of the Pavements in the said Streets and public Passages now in being, or hereafter to

fcpa, rc be made, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be repaired; and the same, when necessary, to be taken up;

and the said Streets and public Passages to be paved, relaid, repaired, raised, lowered, or altered; and also to be cleansed and freed from all Annoyances, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Incroachments whatsoever; and all such Sewers and Drains, and Reservoirs of and Receptions for Water therein, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and the Person or Persons authorised or directed by them to do the same are hereby impowered and required to do the same accordingly.

Interruptions in

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the patting this Act, the Foot ways, carry, run, drive, or draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn, on any of the Foot* pavements to be made in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, within the aforesaid Streets and public Passages within the aforesaid Part of the said Town, or any of them, any Bier, or any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, WheeL-barrow, or other Carriage whatsoever, or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse, Ass, Mule, or other Cattle, or any Coach or other Carriage whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Foot-pavements; then, and in any of the said cases, and as often as they or any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing such Offender or Offenders, and, by Authority of this Act, and without any Warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them, into Custody of a Peace Officer, to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said West Riding; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before him, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witness'es who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer without Fee or Reward); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Shillings for the first Time of offending, the Sum of twenty Shillings for the second Time of offending, and the Sum of forty Shillings for the third and every other Time of offending; one Moiety whereof shall go to the In-

former, and the other Moiety to the said Commissioners, to be disposed of for the Purposes of this Act.

XV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or king Drain* into more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, under their respective Hands, under such

the common Restrictions as to them from time to time shall seem meet, to give Liberty and Licence to all or any of the

Occupiers of Houses and Buildings within the aforesaid Part of the said Town, or their respective Workmen, to make any Soughs or Drains under Ground from their respective Houses and Buildings, or any Part or Parts thereof, 4nto and through the aforesaid Streets and public Passages, or any Part of the same, to and into any common Sewer to be made therein by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, and to lay therein the necessary Materials for the doing such Work, and the Rubbish arising from the same; and no Person or Persons acting under such Licence, and agreeable thereto, shall be subject or liable to any of tha Penalties contained in this Act.

Sign*, 8tc. to be

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause legated. a]j Signs to be fixed or placed on the Fronts of the Houses where to the same shall respectively belong; and shall and may, within six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, cause all Sign-irons, Posts, and Boards, Penthouses, Porches, Cellar-holes, and Steps, or other Things occasioning any Obstruction, Projection, or Annoyance in the said Streets and public Passages, to be removed or altered, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think most proper and convenient: And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time after the End of the said six Calendar Months, hang, place, ered, build, or make, any Sign, Sign-iron, Poss, or Board, Penthouse, Porch, Cellar-hole, or Steps, or other Thing, or cause the same to be done, in any other Manner than as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for each and every Week he shall permit the same to remain so hung, placed, erected, built, or made, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be desirous, within the Time aforesaid, at his or their own Costs and Charges, to remove or alter any such Sign, Sign-iron, Post, or Board, Penthouse, Porch, Cellar-hole, or Steps, or other Thing occasioning any Obstruction, Projection, or Annoyance in the said Streets and public Passages, as before directed; that then, and in such Case, all Materials unused after the Alterations thereto made, shall he the Property of the Person or Persons so making or doing thereof: But if the same Alterations, or any Part thereof, shall be made or done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, then, if any or any Part of any such Sign, Sign-iron,

Post, or Board, Penthouse, Porch, Cellar-hole, or Steps, or other Thing, shall remain unused after the

Alteration made thereto, as before directed, the lame shall be the Property, and is hereby vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

Spouts to be

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Spouts and Gutters belonging to, and which convey Water bo ught down by from the Tops of the Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other Buildings, direct, into the Streets and public

ihe Fronts of Passages within the aforesaid Part of the said Town, shall, within six Calendar Months after the patting of

this Act, be removed, and the Water shall be conveyed by Pipes to be brought down by the Sides or Fronts of such Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other Buildings, into some underground Sewer, Cistern, or Re-fervoir, or to the Ground, at the Costs and Charges of the respective Owners or Occupiers thereof: And in case the same Hull not be done within the Time aforesaid, the Owner or Occupier of every such House,

Offender* to forfeit aos,

Owners way remove their Signs, Sec, at their own Ex-fence.

the Houses.

A.D. 1771. Anuo undecimo Georgii III. C. 44. 251

Warehouse, Shop, or other Building:, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for each and every Week any such Spout or Gutter shall remain, and the Water not conveyed down as aforesaid, after the ‘Time herein before limited; and that if any Person or Persons shall hereafter erect, or cause to be erected, any Spout or Gutter for conveying Water from any old or new House, Warehouse, Shop, or other Building, in any Manner contrary to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall for-fc.t and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for every such Spout or Gutter that shall remain.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Stalls, Benches, and Lumber, used in the aforesaid Part of Time when the said Town, by any Person or Persons keeping Stalls or Standings in the Streets, or other public Pnf- Sull«, fjges shall be taken or carried away before Ten of the Clock at Night upon every Friday in every Week,10 60 rcmov' '* ai d before Light of the Clock in the Evenings of all other Days, by the respective Persons using the same,

on Pain of forfeiting two Shillings for every Offence or Neglect therein,

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Hogitye, Laystall, Flesh, Dung, Carrion, Blood, Annoyance Offal, Soil, or Filth, or any Ashes, Cinders, or Rubbish, or any other noisome or offensive Matter what- to bc soever, shall be suffered to remain within the aforesaid Part of the said Town, the same shall be deemed a Nuitance and an Offence against this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or

any five or more of them, upon Complaint thereof by any Person made to them, or any of them, or to their Clerk for the time being, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, or the Hand of such Clerk, to order any such Nuisance or Offence to be removed; and in case the same shall not be removed within twelve H ours alter such Notice given to the Person or Persons who ought to remove the same, such Pci foil or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings daily for every Day that the same shall continue un-removed after the Expiration of the said Time.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Necessary-house or Bog-house within the aforesaid Part of N.

the said Town dial I be emptied at any Time except between the Hours of Eleven at Night and Five in the [' - *r ' '* Morning, or the Soil thereof shall be laid in any other Place than shall be appointed for that Purpose by c ^:

the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, by any Person or Persons; then, and in either of the said cases, as well the Person or Persons knowingly employing any Person or Persons for that Purpose, as the Person or Persons committing the Offence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently spill any of the Soil of any Necessary-house or Bog house in any of the aforesaid Streets or public Passages, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall contract with the said Com- to be

iriissioners, or any five or more of them, to cleanse the aforesaid Streets and public Passages as aforesaid, or ,n any any of them, or who shall purchase the Soil thereof of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, t,6€t#

or any of his, her, or their Servants or Agents; or if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall fist any Ashts, Duff, or Cinders, either in or out of any Cart or Carriage, or in any other Manner howsoever, in any open Street or public Passage within the aforesaid Part of the said Town, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one Shilling.

XXIII. And whereas it may be necessary to open and enlarge the great Highway or Passage leading Comm'Knntn € from the Guide Poss opposite to the If'kite Hart, situate in JVe/igate% in IVakefuJ aforesaid, directing the to purchase

Road to Leeds to the Channel at the North End of the said Highway, and to remove certain detached Land,» all Buildings, situate in or near the Hog Market in Wakefield aforesaid; and also to open and enlarge Part of PersonVm*

the Street in Kirhate, by taking into the same Part of a Garden, in the Post'eflion of Mr. Sheppard\ F°were 0 rct therefore be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall be and are hereby impowered to agree with the Owners or Proprietors of and Persons interested in any Buildings or Lands,

which they the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall judge necessary or proper to be pulkd down, removed, cut, digged, altered, or used for the Purposes of this Act: And it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic and Corporate, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Executors, or Admi-riffrators, for or on Behalf of their Ceffuique Truffs, whether Infants or Blue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, or f emes Covert, and to and for all and every other Person and Persons whatsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of, or interested in any such Buildings or Lands, to contract for, and to sell and convey the Inheritance in Kce-simple of all or any such Buildings or Lands, unto the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall nominate and appoint; and that all such Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances, shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Inheritance of the Person and Person^ conveying, but also to convey all Right, Effate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of their several and respective Ceffuique Truffs, whether Infants or Issue unborn.

Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person whatsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them; any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and that all Persons so conveying as aforesaid are and shall be indemnified for uhat they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act: And that all such Sales and Conveyances to be made as aforesaid shall be inrolled by the Clerk of the Peace for the aforesaid West Riding, and true Copies of the same, signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being, shall be deemed and taken to be good Evidence thereof in all Courts whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Per- tTpon Refusal t# fnns whatsoever, shall, for the Space of twenty-one Days next after Notice in Writing given to the prin- tKar, cipjl ( )fficer or Officers of such Bodies Politic or Corporate, 01 to such Person or Persons respectively, or to the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of the said Buildings or Lands intended to be pulled down, removed, cut, digged, altered, or used, as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the find

252 C. 44. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or, by reason of Absence, shall be prevented from treating Commissioners touching the Matters aforesaid; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any five or more to issue Warrants 0p thcrri) shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from time to time, to issue oat York^irc^ort'o the*r Warrant or Warrants unc*er t^ie*r Hands and Seals, to be directed to the Sheriff of the County of a Coroner of the York for the time being; or in case such Sheriff shall happen to be interested in the Matter in question, or West Riding, to any wife related to any of the Parties interested or concerned therein, then to one of the Coroners of the Impannei and West Riding of the said County, requiring such Sheriff or Coroner to impannel, ftimmon, and return a return a Jury, Jury; and the said Sheriff or Coroner, to whom the said Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, is hereby the Gommifliio- required accordingly to impannel, summons, and return a Jury of able and sufficient Men, qualified accord-nersat the Time ing to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, not being Inhabitants of the aforesaid Township of Wakefield, and Place ap- to be returned for Trials of llfues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to appear before the said pointed. Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at such Time and Place as by such Warrant or Warrants shall be directed and appointed, not being less than ten Days after such Warrant or Warrants shall be served Sheriff and Co- upon Sheriff or Coroner respectively, or more than twenty Days after such Service, upon Pain to

roner so Avery' forfeit for every Default in not making such Return ten Pounds; to be sued for and recovered in the Manner Default 10 forfeit herein after directed; and also to return in Issues upon every Person so impannelled and returned, not ap-ttn Pounds. pcaring contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Sum of five Pounds, which shall be Issues to be re- levied upon the Goods and Chattels of the Person not appearing as aforesaid, by Warrant or Warrants turned and levied under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them: And in case a sufficient upon juror* not Number of Jurymen shall not appear, the said Sheriff or Coroner shall return other honest and indifferent Men Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured, to attend that Service, being so oualified as

rcAo retuni »>* aforesaid, to make up the said Tury to the Number of Twelve; and all Parties concerned shall and may have TaAsde^rcum- lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen: And the said Commissioners, or any five or more stantibu*. of them, are hereby impowered, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, from time to Commissionerg time, as Occasion mail require, to summon and call before them all and every such Person and Persons as may tummon shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as Witnesses touching the Matters in question; and the witnessies to ap- laid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, m?y order and authorise the said Jury, or any fix or ibembef°,e n>ore of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matters in question; which Jury, upon their Oaths, to be nd^nay order a^miflered by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (and which Oath, as also the Oaths the jury to view to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners, or any two or the Premiser. more of them, are hereby impowered to administer j shall require of, assess, and ascertain fudi Damages

iury to after* and Recompence as they shall judge fit to be awarded severally to the Owners and Occupiers of, and also

images, all Persons respectively interested in any such Buildings or Lands, or any Part thereof: And the said Corned Commission missioners, or any five or more of them, shall give Judgement for such Damages and Recompence so to be nen give Judge- assessed by such Juries; which said Verdict, and the Judgement thereupon declared or pronounced by the ment anally. fa,d Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and the Value and Recompence so assessed (Notice in Konccbeingfirft Writing being first given of their Meeting at least twenty-one Days before such Meeting to the Parties fi, V€n* concerned, or left at their Dwelling-houses or usual Places of Abode, or with the Tenant or Occupier of the Premises, or at his or her usual Place of Abode) shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes against the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Succ^ffors, and against all and every other Party or Parties* their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and all others claiming any Title or Interest in the same Buildings or Lands, or any Thing thereunto belonging or appertaining in possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, or otherwise, as well Bodies Politic and Corporate* Infants, Idiots, Lunaticks, Femes-covert, Tenants in Tail, as others, and therr respective Heirs, Sue-cellars, Executors, and Administrators, and all claiming by, from, or under him, her, or them, or any of them.

Wimcfles not

ppearing, or refilling to be sworn.

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons summoned as aforesaid to give Evidence, shall neglect or refuse to appear at such Time or Times, Place or Places, as shall be appointed in the Warrant or Warrants granted by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or appearing, shall tefufe to be sworn or examined by, or give Evidence before the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; or if any Person summoned as a Juryman aforesaid shall, after his Appearance, refuse to be sworn, or being so sworn, refuse to give, or not give his Verdjtft, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect fwM.rn, or to give fris Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; every Person so offend-« Veidttf, ing, having no reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, *0 be firrd lv shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds; to be levied Commissioneii. -by Distress and Sale of the Goods or Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, by Warrant or Warrants. under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of two or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding of the said County of York, rendering the Overplus to the Owner thereof, after such. Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deduced.

Payment of Jury

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Jury, to be summoned and sworn And Witneiks. as aforesaid, shall give a Verdict: for more Monies, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Buildings or Lands, or for any Damage to be done thereto, than what shall have been offered by the said Commis-

and Jurymen lefufing to be

ACi; but if any such Jury shall give a Verdict for no more, or for less Monies than shall have been offered by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, before the summoning and returning such Jury, for such Recompence or Satisfaction, that then the Expences of summoning and maintaining such Jury,

and

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 44.' aj3

and the Witnesses, shall be borne by the Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners shall have such Controversy or Dispute: And such Expences having been ascertained and settled by two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding, shall be deducted and taken out of the Monies so silt fled, and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or l ender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Pur- f poles, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Verdicts and Judgements shall be set down in Commissionw* Writing, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners ailing in the Premises, or any five or more PfjfC€lu°uC of them, and be kept amongst the Records and Writings of the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Weft cicilTof ihe* Riding of the County of York% by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the said Riding; and the pcacc. fame, or true Copies thereof, signed by the said Clerk of the Peace, be taken, adjudged, and deemed good and sufficient Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons may have Recourse to the lame, gratis, at all convenient Times, and may take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding two hundred Words, the Sum of Four-pence, and so proportionably for any greater or less Number of YVords.

XXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That upon Payment of the Sum or Sums so agreed on, con- Satisfaction be. trailed lor, or assessed and adjudged, for Damiges and Costs to the Parties concerned, or for the Purchase ing made or ten- of any such Buildings or Lands, or legal Tender thereof made to them respectively, which Sum or Sums

of Money the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised to pay out of any Renter and Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act $ and in case any such Parties cannot be met with, or shall refuse proceed in Urn to accept the same, then, upon Payment of such Sum into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the said Work, Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, under their Hands, in Writing, appoint, for the Use of the Parties interested as aforesaid; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, to enter upon, remove, dig, cut, or use such or so much of the said Buddings or Lands, for which such Satisfaction shall have been contracted for, agreed on, or assessed, or decreed, as aforesaid, and the same to use and employ for the effecting and executing any of the Power of th is Act, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think requisite^ and this Act

shall be sufficient to indemnify as well the said Commissioners as all Persons employed or authorised by them, against the said Owners, Occupiers, or other Persons interested, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and against all and every other Person and Persons, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of the paving, altering, cleansing, and Charges of pm-

putnng and keeping in Repair the aforesaid Streets and public Passages, and opening and widening such

Highways and Passages a-; aforesaid, shall be at all Times a Charge upon, and shall be raised and paid by qwi!cn 1 nd the several Owners and Occupiers of all and every the Houses and Buildings situate and being within that occupier^of Part ( f the Town of Ik'akefield so intended to be paved and repaired as aforesaid, and of all other Houses Houses, *c« and Buildings already erected, or which shall be erected within or upon any other Streets, Lanes, Places,

or Passages, adjoining or near to the Streets hereby directed to be paved and repaired, so as such Houses and Buildings be within five hundred Yards on either Side of the Middle of the said Streets so intended to

be paved and repaire d, except the Mills that are worked by the Water of the River Calder, and the Ware-(Exception.)

houses belonging to th it Halifax Navigation, and the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Calder^ with the

Wharfs, Warehouses, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and except all such Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, as are already exempt from Payment of Taxes by Authority of Parliament: And that how to be raised

for the railing the lame, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of

them, from and after the passing this Act, to make, a fiefs, and impose one or more equal Pound Rate or Rates, at their Discrerion, not exceeding two Shillings in the Pound in any one Year, to be collected at

such Time or Times in the Year as to them shall seem meet, upon all and every the Houses and Buildings

hereby directed to be charged.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Assessments to be collected Rates exempt by virtue of this Act, shall beat Times hereafter exempt from Payment of any Taxes, Rates, Assessments, from Taxes, or Impositions, parliamentary, parochial, or otherwise howsoever$ any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Rates and Assessments which shall be made in pursuance of Rates may ber this Act, shall be allowed and signed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they amended.

shall and may have Power to amend any such Rates or Assessments, by inserting the Name or Names of such Person or Persons who ought to have been rated, or striking out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who ought not to have been rated, or by inhancing or lessening the Sum charged upon any Person or Persons so rated, as to them shall seem just; and after the said Rates and Assessments are so made and confirmed, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to cauie the same to be collected and received by the said Collector or Collectors, as soon as may be, of and from the Person and Persons respectively on whom theiame shall be respectively rated, charged, and assessed: And in case any Person or Persons so rated, charged, or assessed as aforesaid, Rates to b«? shall refuse or net* I eft to pay any such Rate or Assessment to the Collector or Collectors, for the Space of recovered; t*n Days after Demand thereof, or Demand in Writing left at the last Place of Abode of such Person or Persons so rated, assessed, or charged, and refusing and neglecting to pay as aforesaid, or with hi<, her, or their, or any of their respective Sv*rvants, Cietks, or Agents, or any of them respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for one or mote Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon Oath, (which he or they are hereby impowered to administer without Fee or Reward) of any such Demand and Non-payment, by Warrant

under

254 C. 44.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, which he or they are hereby impowered and required to grant, to authorise and direct the said Collectors respectively to levy, as Toon as may be, such Rate, or Monies so in Arrear, and refused or neglected to be p.rd, together with the Colts attending the lame, to be ascertained by such' Justice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Person and Persons so in Arrear, and refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, wheresoever such Goods and Chattels can be found, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Party or Parties so distrained, or leaving the f:me for his, her, or their Use, at the Place where such Distress shall be made: And all and every of the said Collector and Collectors shall, and he and they are hereby required to pay the Money he or they shall respectively collect and receive by virtue of this Act, within ten Days after the Expiration of the Time in which the same is herein before directed to be collected, to the said reasurer or Cleric, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, to be applied according to the Directions of this Act; and shall, and is and are hereby required, at the Time of his and their making every such Payment of such Money so collected, to deliver over to the Person or Persons so impowered to receive the same, a true and exact Copy of the Duplicate of the Assessment or Rate whereby he or they hath or have collected the same, with an Account thereupon, or thereunder written, of all and every such Sum and Sums of Money in such AlTc-ilment rated, as remains or remain uncollected, (if any such there shall happen to be) together with the Reasons why the same hath or have not been collected and received, that it may appear whether the Non-payment thereof hath happened through the Insolvency of the Party rated, or through the Default of such Collector or Collectors; and in case any such Collector or Collectors shall refuse to take upon him or them respectively the said Offices, or duly to execute the same according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he and they so offending shall respectively forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds; and shall continue liable to be again appointed into the said Offices respectively the Year following, or sooner, if the said Commissioners, so assembled as aforesaid, or any five or more of them, shall so think fit; and in case of his or their Refusal or Neglect to take upon him or them respectively the said Offices, or duly to execute the same, he or they so refusing or neglecting shall be again liable to the like Penalty, and so often as he or they shall refuse to take upon him or them the said Offices.

Deficiency of

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Money collected in any one Year Rates tote made shall not be sufficient to answer the Purposes for which the same was rated and affieffed, that such Deficiency Yea/114 aPPl'ecl bx or out of a to be made the next following Year.

A^eementbe

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be twJen*Landlord deemed or taken to make void any Contract or Agreement entered into between Landlord and Tenant, and Tenant touching or concerning the paving or cleansing, or keeping in Repair the aforesaid Stieets and public Paf-

touchirg paving, sages, or any of them $ but that every Person who is now, by virtue of any such Contract or Agreement,

&c. not to be obliged to pave or cleanse, or keep in Repair the aforesaid Streets and public Pa (Pages, or any Part thereof, dial I, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made and assessed (or those Purposes, or so much thereof as shall, by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, be deemed just

and reasonable, according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Contract or Agreement, for and during such Time as such Contract or Agreement shall remain in Force: And in case any Dispute shall arise concerning such Contract or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have 'Power, and they are hereby required to hear and finally determ ne the lame.

vacated.

Sale of Lands «nd Rent-charges.

XXXIV. And whereas a Close of Ground called Narr O

Ttrley'i

with Part of another small Close of

Ground called Castle Hill Closey lying in the Township of H?rbury, in the Parish of I Take fie Id aforesaid, in the said County of York, are now vested in one or more Person or Person-, his or their Heirs, in Trust,

to pay and apply the Rents, lffijes, and Profits thereof, in and towards the Repair of the Highways within the aforesaid Town of Wakefield: And whereas the yearly Rent-charge of twenty Shillings, issuing

and payable out of a Close of Ground lying near Penny If'alls, called Thorne 5 Field Close, within the aforesaid Paii(h of Wakefield-, and also another yearly Rent-cluuge of six Pounds, bluing and payable Out ‘ of the House of Pemberton Mills Esquire, situate in Wakefield aforesaid, in the Possession of Pemberton Mills Esquire, or his Assigns, are now also vested in one or more Person or Persons, his or their respect tive Heirs, in Trust, to pay and apply the said several yearly Rent-charges in and towards the Repair of the aforesaid Highways, or some Part or Parts thereof;’ Therefore be it enacted, That from and after the passing this Act, the said doles of Ground called Narr Offeriey and Castle Hill Close, with their Appurtenances, and the said several yearly Rent-charges of twenty Shillings and six Pounds, and the Inheritance thereof, shall be and are hereby absolutely vested in the said Commissioners and their Heirs, upon Trust, that they, or any nine or more of them, and their Heirs, shall and do immediately, ‘ or as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, by public Sale, of which one Month’s Notice shall be given in the Leeds Newspaper, and on the Door of the Church of Wakefield aforesaid, sell and dispose of the same, and every Part thereof, together or separately, for the best Price and Prices ^that can be reasonably had and gotten for the same; and shall and do convey the same, pursuant to such Sale or Sales, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, his, her, or their respective Heirs, according to the Nature of the Estate or Estates so fold, whole Receipt and Receipts shall be sufficient Discharge and Discharges to the respective Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, and their respective Heirs, for such Purchase money or Purchase-monies, or so much thereof as he, she, or they shall respectively pay, without his, her, or their, or any of their seeing the Application thereof, or of any Part thereof; and notwithstanding any Misapplication of the same, or any Part thereof, by the aforesaid Commissioners, or any nine of them; all which laid Sales and Conveyances shall be good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all, each, and every Person and Persons whatsoever, before or at the Time of passing of this Act, (landing seised of the said Closes of Ground called Karr

ricy

Oja

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 44. 255

Offer Icy and Castle Hill Close* or either of them, and of the said several yearly Rent-charges of twenty Shil-l-n gs and six Pounds, or either of them, upon all or any of the Tfufts aforesaid, or having or claiming any iiluteor Estates, Right, Title, Trult or Trulls, Ul'e, Interest, Property, Claim, or Demand of, in, to, or out of the same, every or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; and also against all, each, and every Trull and Trulls, Ule and Uses, Limitation and Limitations thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof respectively, before the passing of this Act, by any Deed, Will, Surrender, or other Instrument in Writing limited or created; and also upon Trull that the aforesaid Commissioners, or any nine of them, shall and do, immediately after Receipt of such Purchase money and Purchase-monies, pay, apply, and dispose of the same, and every Part thereof, in and towards the repairing of the aforesaid Streets and public Pat-Lges, or f >me Part or Parts thereof, and not other wise, in Aid of the aforesaid Rates and Assessments.

XXXV'. And whereas, by an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Se- Recovery of the*

conJ, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from a Place called Red House, near Doncaster, to Wake- Arrears of 140l.

4 K*!J, a'id through the said Town of Wakefield by Dewsbury, Hightown, and Lightcliffe, to the Town _the Ar-

4 Halifax, in tie li tjl Riding of the County York, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That the the

4 Trusttes therein nameJ, and the Survivors, or any five or more of them, should, out of the Money f>omU 1 filing by the Polls and Duties to be collected from the Coal-carts passing through the said Town of Coals and Cia*

Wakefield to tire K'.y or Ranks of the River Colder or elsewhere, through Kirkgate, pay, during the Con- ders.

tinuance of that Act, unto the Surveyors of the Highways of the Town of Wakefield for the time being,

1 the yearly Sum of twenty-five Pounds, to be by them employed in, and towards the repairing and amend- ing Inch Part of the said Road as lays between Wesigate Bridge and Kirkgate Bar* in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any five of them, fliouId direct, and to be paid quarterly on the respective Days or Times therein for that Purpose limited: And whereas, by another Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of the said King, for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Adf, and also granted by an- o'her Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of the said King, intituled, An Act for repairing the

Road font Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a Place called Weeland, in the Township of Henfall,

and from Pontefract to Wentbridge, i>i the Vownship of Darrington, in the West Riding of the County of York; after reciting the rein, that the Pavements of the Streets of the said Town of Wakfield were in a.

most ruinous Condition, which was chiefly occasioned by the said Town being situated at the Head of the*

Navigation of the River Colder* and surrounded with Collieries, from all ot which great Numbers of Carriages were constantly (so long as the Roads would permit) carrying Coals and Cinders through the (2id Town to the said Navigation, in order to be cxpoited and carried into other Countries and difiant Parts of the Kingdom, whereby the Roads, and especially the said Streets, were greatly destroyed; and that the Inhabitants of the said Town were, by the said hrft-recited Act, exempted from paying Tolls for Co.; 1 s lor their own Confu nption, between the fir It Day of April and the thirtieth Day of Odoler in tvery Year and were also intitled to the said Aid of twenty-five Pounds per Annum* and that the said Exemptions and Aid had been found inconvenient; it is enacted, That the said Exemption and yearly Payment should, from and after the twentieth Day of May* one thousand seven hundred and listy-seven,

eeafe and determine, and be repealed and made void; and that, in lieu thereof, one Moiety of all the Monies nnfing by the Tolls and Duties upon Coals and Cinders only, which should be collected at the Turnpike called Westgate Moor Bar* near Wakefield* and which should, from time to time, be raised or produced, by letting out the same, or any Part thereof, or by Mortgage, Pemife, or Alignment thereof,

or of any Part thereof, or otherwise, upon the Credit of the said Tolls, either jointly with, or separately fresh the other Moiety thereof, should be so mortgaged, assigned, charged, collected by, and paid to the Trustees for the Diltncfi lying between the North End of Wakefield Bridge, over Colder and the Town of Halifax* or to any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as the fime Trustees, or 2ny five or more of them, should, from time to time, appoint to receive the same, determined by Writing under their Hands,

at Meetings to be held for the Execution of that Act at the Town of Wakefield only; and that all such Mi iery should, if necessary, from time to time, be laid out in repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Middle Way or High C.iufeway only, leading through the Streets of the said Town of Wakefield* from // V i?ute Bridge to Kirkgate Bar* there, in lu ll Manner, and by such Means, as the said hit-named Trustees, cr any five or more of them, should, from time to time, direct, by Writing under their Han Js: And it is thereby luitlier enacted, (amongst other t hings) That the Treasurer acting within that District of the Roads thereby directed to be repaired, which lays between Wakefield and Halifax*.

should, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December* one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, pay,

or cause to be paid, unto the Trustees appointed for the same Diltiict, who resided in the Town of IV: left id aforesaid, or to any three of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any three of them,

should, determined by Writing under their Hands, appoint to receive the same, the Sum of one hundred and forty Pounds, out of the Tolls and Profits arising in the said District, or the Money to be borrowed on the*

Credit thereof, for the Arrears of the said Annuity of twenty-five Pounds per Annum; and that the same fli'. u! 1, with all convenient Speed, be laid out and applied in Manner and for the Purposes therein laffc

fcrfore directed and appointed: And whereas the said Sum of one hundred and forty Pounds, or the said Moiety of the 'Lolls an i Duties arising from the aforesaid Coals and Cinders, or any Part or Parts thereof;

respectively, have or hath not been employed or laid out in or towards the repairing and amending the - afortf.iid Pari of the Lid Road, which lays between Westgate Bridge and Kirkgate Bar* or in repairing or - eping in Repair the aforesaid Middle Way or High Causeway, or any Part or Parts thereof rcf\ eciivtly Therefore be it enacted, That irom and arter the pilling this Act, it shall and nuy be lawful to and for ftvj laid Commissioners, or anyone or more of them, and they, or any one or mo;e of them, are and is*, beteoy cuabicJ> impowered, and authorised, in his or their Name or Names, by Dill, Plaint, Information,

3 orr

2$6 C. 44. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

or other Suit of Proceeding, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to recover, or endeavour to recover, of and from all, each, and every Person and Persons who have or hath received the (amo, or any Part or Parts thereof, or in whose Hand or Hands the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, now are, or at any Time or Times hereafter shall or may be and remain, all or any Part or Parts of the said Sum of one hundred and forty Pounds, and also of the said Moiety of the aforesaid Tolls and Duties so remaining unemployed and unlaid-out as aforesaid; and on Payment thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, with or without Suit, Receipt and Receipts, and other legal and sufficient Discharge and Discharges, in his or their Name or Names, to give, seal, and execute to the respective Person and Persons paying the same; all which said Receipt and Receipts, Discharge and Discharges, shall be valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to the respective Person and Persons to whom the same shall be given, or sealed and executed, for all such Sum and Sums of Money as he or they shall respectively pay; all which Monies, to be so recovered or paid, shall be, by the Commissioner or Commissioners recovering and receiving the same, paid, applied, and disposed of, in and towards the repairing of the aforesaid Streets and public Passages, or some Part or Parts thereof, and not otherwise, in Aid of the aforesaid Rates and Assessments, save as herein after is mentioned: And the Commissioner or Commissioners, in whose Name or Names any such Bill, Plaint, Information, or other Suit or Proceeding shall be commenced, brought, or prosecuted, for the Intents and Purposes aforesaid, and his, their, and each and every of their Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements, shall be indemnified of, from, and against each and every such Bill, Plaint, Information, Suit, and other Proceeding, and shall be paid all, each, and every the Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences to him, them, or any of them, occasioned, or by him, them, or any of them sustained, by reason or upon account of any such Bill, Plaint, Information, Suit, or other Proceeding, by and out of the aforesaid Rates and Assessments, at such Days and Times, and in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, from time to time, diredf; the said recited Acts, or any Thing the rein, or in any or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Forpiying Mo* c

XXXVI. And whereas the said Sum of one hundred and forty Pounds was paid into the Hands of

ney doe from the < Master Alan Johnson of Wakefield aforesaid, who has accounted for the same to the Inhabitants of the said 6 Town, upon the Balance of which Account there now remains due from the said Inhabitants, and the

Johnson and c Owners and Occupiers of real Estates in the said Town, to the said Alan Johnfony the Sum of one hun-

tthen. dred and twenty-five Pounds fifteen Shillings and Eight-pence Halfpenny: And whereas there are also

due and owing from the said Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers, to the several Persons herein after named, the several Sums of Money herein after mentioned, being the Balances of their respective Accounts of Expences, (with Interest for the same) incurred by several Applications to Parliament for afief- sing the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Caldery towards the Repair of the Highways within the said Town, and other parochial Uses there; (that is to say) To Pemberton Milnes Esquire, seven Pounds one Shilling; to Master 'Daniel Maude, twenty-one Pounds seventeen Shillings and Sixpence; to Mailer Francis Maude the elder, thirty-eight Pounds nineteen Shillings; and to the Representatives of Master William Beatfon deceased, twenty-three Pounds Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Alan Johnson shall be, and he is hereby declared to be fully and absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the said Sum of one hundred and forty Pounds; and that the said before-mentioned several Sums of one hundred and twenty-five Pounds fifteen Shillings and Eight-pence Halfpenny, seven Pounds one Shilling, twenty-one Pounds seventeen Shillings and Sixpence, thirty-eight Pounds nineteen Shillings, and twenty-three Pounds, shall be paid; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to cause the same to be paid out of the first Money that shall arise by virtue of this Atft, or which shall come intb their or any of their Hands, for the Purposes thereof, by any Means whatsoever, to the said several above-mentioned Persons respectively, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of their said several Debts; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Pow«r to borrow 4

XXXVII. And, for the more foeedy and effectual carrying into Execution the several Purposes of

Money, this Act/ Be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, and

are hereby impowered to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five thousand rounds, upon the Credit of the Rates and Assessments payable by virtue of this Act\y and to assign over the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, by any Writing or Writings under their respective Hands and Seals, the Charges of such Assignments and Conveyances to be paid out of such Rates and Assessments, to any Person or Persons that shall advance and lend their Monies thereon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums that shall be borrowed, and the Interest thereof, as aforesaid; Copies of all which Alignments and Conveyances shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be k pt for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners: And all and every such Person and Persons to whom any such Af-signment shall be made as aforesaid, is and are hereby impowered, from time to time, by Alignment under his, her, or their respective Hand or Hands, to be indoifed on his, her, or their respective Security or Securities, or by any other Writing or Writings, under his, her, or their respective Hand or Hands, and Seal or Seals, which shall be executed in the i^refence of two or more credible Witnesses, to assign over, or transfer his, her, or their respective Principal and Interest Money, thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; all which Alignments or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer, within seven Days after the Date thereof; who shall cause an Entry to be made thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned, to be assigned and trans-firred, in the said Book or Bocks to be kept for entering the said original Assignments; and which said Book or Books shall and may, at all seasonable Times, be perused and inspedied without any Fee or Re-

2 ward:

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 44; 257

ward: Ami after such Entry made, each and every such Afilgnmentor Transfer shall irctitle such Assignee or Assignees, hi?, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee or Assignees may, in like Manner, assign and transfer again, and so titles quwties \ and it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made such Assignment or Transfer, to make void, releale, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereon due.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons ad- All Creditor* U vanning any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, in respect of the Priority of advancing equa Dc£ret# Inch Sum or Sums; but that ail Persons to whom any Mortgages or Arguments Dial I be made as a fore laid,

(ha!!, in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, be Creditors in equal Degree one with another.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times here- Pen»lry on ob-after, obstruct, hinder, or molclt any Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, who are ^lifting the or shall be employed to put this Act in Execution, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty,

every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not ex- *

cecding five Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed and incurred (for Power of leryiof the Recovery and Application whereof no particular Method is already directed) shall be levied and reco- Penaltie*. vered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal,

or Hands and Seals, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding; which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to issue, upon the Information of one or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer, without Fee or Reward) or by any other competent Evidence; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any) when demanded, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained; the Charges of such Distress being first dc-. ducted, shall go and be applied for such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think fit: And in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, causes, and Proceedings Inhabitant? miy whatsoever, relating to and concerning the Execution of this Act, any Inhabitant within the said Township be Witnesses may, and shall be admitted to give Evidence of the Rate or Assessment charged as aforesaid upon any such

Inhabitant by virtue of this Act.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, her- Person* ag-self, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Me- 8ucv^i thod of Relief is herein appointed, such Person or Persons may, within four Months after the Cause of Ap- ft^thefr peal shall have arilcn, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be Quartej-Sessioni, nolden for the said West Riding, such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or causing to be given, ten Days Notice at least in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the said Commissioners or their Clerk, and within ten Days after such Notice entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the aforesaid West Riding, not interested in the Matter or Dispute then agitated, with two sufficient Securities, conditioned to try such Appeal at and abide the Order of the Court, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter-Sessions; and the said Justices at (iich Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, ajid of the entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed against as such Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter-Sessions shall be binding, final, and conclusive, whose Determi-to all Intents and Purposes. rjfl bc

XLII. And be it further enacted, That where any-Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Mo- ^t9efs not ney to be levied by virtue of this the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or }OT want Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Default or Want of Form oi l uim. in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Calc.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Power to tender Action for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceeding, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be Amend*, made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought; and in calc no such 'Fender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before issue joined, to ray into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceeding or Orders and Judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is di owed to pay Money into Court.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Act or Order of the said Commissioners shall be valid, un- No Art of Com-less made at f»mc public Meeting, and when five or more of the said Commidinners are present: And every intili>ne« ir^l such Act or OrJer so made, shall be entered in a Book to be for that Purpose kept by the Treasurer or hut at.Publ c Clerk to the said Commissioners; which said Book, and all other Books and Entries relating thereto, or Enirics^ohe which other wise concern or contain any Account or Accounts relative to the Purposes of this Act, shall be mict and produced at every public Meeting, to the End that all or any of the Inhabitants of the said Township may, count* to be if they think proper, inspect the same, without Fee or Reward; which said Book or Entries, when sub- prorfuctaatpub-

\ <jL. XL LI feribed Mccun*.

258 C. 44. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Rate* to le proportioned on Occupier* quitting or coming In.

Pcvrer to Com*

feribed by any five or more of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be admitted and received as Evidence in all causes, Suits, and Actions touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XLV. And be it enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any House, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, rated or assess'ed, or liable to be rated or afilffed by virtue of this Act, out of or from which any other Person rated or assessed shall be removed, or which at the Time of making this Act were empty or unoccupied, that then every Person so removing from, and every Person so coming into or occupying the same, shall be liable to pay such Rate, in Proportion to the Time such Person occupied the same respectively, in the same Manner, and under the same Penalty of Distress, as if such Person so removed had not removed, or such Person so coming into and occupying such House, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, had been originally rated and assessed in such Rate; which said Proportion, in case of Dispute, shall, by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, be settled and ascertained.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or m£0cnttOa any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from time to time, to contract m c oan, t. w-lt^ a Person or Persons for the executing the several Purposes in this Act mentioned and contained;

which Contraft or Contrafts shall specify the \V0rk3 to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same^ and the Time and Times when such Works shall be performed or completed, and the Penalty to be suffered in case of Non-performance thereof; and the same shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contrafting to perform such Works; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such respective Works as they shall so contract and agree for, out of the Money raised for the Purposes of this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or any one or more of them, or any Person or Persons by them authorised under their Hands, from time to-time, to inspect the Poor Rates of and for the said Township, and to take Copies or Extracta therefrom* which the Overseer or Overseers, or other Person or Persons having the Custody thereof respectively, is or are hereby required, on producing such Order as aforesaid, to permit and fuss'er to be made and taken, without Fee or Reward; and on Retufal thereof, by the Overseer or Overseers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, be or they so refusing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds for each such Offence; to be recovered by the said Commissioners, or any five or moie of them, by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, with Costs of Suit, as are allowed in other Cases by Law.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors, by Writing under his or their for rebuilding or Hand or Hands, to give Liberty and Licence to any of the Proprietors and Inhabitants within the aforesaid repairing. part of the said Town* or their Builders or Workmen, to make such Inclosures before their respective-Houses, in order to the pulling down, rebuilding, or repairing the same, or any Vault, Drain, or Building belonging thereto, and for laying the necessary Materials for the same, and the Rubbish arising therefrom, as may be proper and necessary; and no Person or Persons acting under such Licence, and in pursuance thereof, shall, during the Time thereby to be limited, be subject or liable to any of the Penalties aforesaid.

Commissioner* to inspect Poor Rates.

teire to inclose before Houses,

Account to be srwde up an* Dually, and to be rice for In-Ipection,

For preventing Annoyances in the Streets, by Carriages left thereto.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, some Time between the first Day of June and the first Day of July, in every Year, shall cause a fair and just Account to be made and wrote out, of all Monies received and paid by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, when, by whom, to whom, and for what Purposes the same have been laid out, paid and expended; a Copy or Duplicate of which Accounr, signed by five or more of the said Commissioners, shall be deposited with the Cleric of the said Commissioners, who shall permit any Person so rated as aforesaid, to inspect the same at seasonable Times, paying one Shilling for such Inspection; and shall, upon Demand, forthwith give Copies of the same, or any Part thereof, to such Person, paying at the Rite of Threepence for every hundred Words, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number; which Account, or Copy, or Duplicate thereof, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to cause to be wrote our, signed and delivered accordingly.

L. And, for the more effectual preventing all Annoyances in the aforesaid Streets and publick Passages,’ It is hereby further enacted, That no Cart, Waggon, or other Wheel-carriage, shall be permitted to remain therein, but in order to the loading or unloading thereof; and for either of those Pumofes not longer than the Space of two Houfs at any one Time, or such other reasonable Time as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them* shall order and appoint; and then only in such Parts of the aforesaid Streets and public Passages where there can be left sufficient Space for any other loaded Waggon or other Carriage to pass by the Carriage so left (landing therein without Danger, under the Penalry of twenty Shillings for every Offence; to be paid by the Owner or Person having the Charge of such Carriage, and to be recovered and applied as the said Penalties by this Act aredirested to be recovered and applied: And that no Horses or Cattle whatsoever, drawing or coming with any such Cart, Waggon, or other Wheel-carriage, or on 3ny other Occasion, shall be foddered or fed in any of the aforesaid Streets or public Pafi-sages, on any Pretence or Occasion whatsoever, under the Penalty of five Shillings for every such Offence j to be paid by the Owner or Person having the Charge of any such Horses or Bealls, and recovered, levied* and applied as aforesaid: And that no Truck, Sledge, Barrow, Barrel, Tub, Copper, Stall, Trefiel* Block, Box, Chest, Case, Bag, or Package of any Kind whatsoever, shall* upon any Pretence whatsoever.

c.

259

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 44.

ever, be left in any of the aforesaid Streets or public Passages during the Night Time, under the Penalty of twenty Shillings for every such Offence; to be paid by the Owner and Owners thereof, or Person so leaving the same, and recovered, levied, and applied as aforesaid.

1,1. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the Rates and Assessments by this Act directedfTow the Mo. to be made and levied, and all pecuniary Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered or levied by virtue of this"'*1 raised are Act, and not hereby otherwise particularly disposed of, shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or any fivet0 ^»PPlled* or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; to be applied to and for the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

LII. Provided always, and be*it enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Contract, Bond, In- Writing* to be formation. Warrant, Order, Judgement, Conviction, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and wltiwuc Sump?. Seal or Hands and Seals of any of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or only ligned by them, or any of them, or exhibited before them, or any of them rftpcdtivtly, touching, concerning, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act vetted in such Commissioners or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where pecuniary Penalties are directed to be levied by To commit Of-this Act, in case no sufficient Distress of the Goods or Chattels of any Offender shall be found at the iluing £nj?er* when " of any such Warrant or Warrants of Distress; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and^‘n"‘s caaoc for the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted as aforesaid, to commit him, her. or them, to the House of Correction for the aforesaid West Riding, to be kept

to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding six Months, or until such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be pa d.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Often- Distress t« der or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted bedetmci. -in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form, or be removed,4wful *or W4nt by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record atofform* Ji'ertminster^ any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall he commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thingdone in pursuance of this Act, until ten Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing A<iion* to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after twelve Months next after the Fast committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County of York* and notelfcwhere; and that the Defendant or Defendants, in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the General Iflu* Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to be fodone, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before ten Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Action or Actions,

Suitor Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers, in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have TrebleTrtbk Cot*. Colls, and have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his> her, or their Costs, in any other Cases by Law.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be Saving the construed to extend, to prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Rights or Interests of the most noble Thomas Duke Right* of the of Leeds, his Heirs or Assigns, or any of them, to or in the Manor of IVahefield aforesaid, but the said DukeofUcd* Duke, his Heirs, and Assigns, shall enjoy all such Rights and Interests, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as he held and enjoyed the same before the passing of this Act, or could or might have held and enjoyed the same in case this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. And whereas the aforesaid Township of Wakfield confids of three several Divisions or Districts ;Dmfion* or that is to say, the Division or Didrift of Westgate^ Northgate, and Kithfate, through each of which said Distr»a*p»*.

Divisions or Districts lead one or more Turnpike Road or Roads;9 Therefore be it further enacted, fcnrc4*

That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to subject or make liable, or compel or oblige all or any of the Inhabitants within the aforesaid Divisions or Districts, or any of them respectively, to do or perform their respective Statute-work in and towards the repairing and keeping in Repair all or any of the Turnpike Road or Ronds leading through the same respectively, or to pay any Sum or Sums of Money as and for the Composition in lica of such Statute-work, in any other Manner or Form than they respectively now door perform and pay, or by Authority of Parliament now are subject or liable to do or perform and pay; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expenresof obtaining and passing this Act, Expense* of shall be paid out of the first Monies to be raised by the Rates or Assessments to be collected by virtue of this P1,iin*thu AQ

how to be paid.

26a

Public Atf.

[Preamble,

Commissioners.

Oath,

Q«a!ificat!on o; Comauj:ion:rs.

C. 45. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading, the same.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade% in the County of Wilts.

WHEREAS the carrying on and regulating the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was, in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the ‘ Second, intituled, An Act for the better carrying on and regulating the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis from the City s/'London Westward to the Town of Crickla-de, in the County of Wilts, vested in certain Commissioners therein appointed, who, for want of proper Powers, have not been able to prevent fre- quest Abuses and Exadiions being committed by the Owners of several Towing-paths and other Passages on the Banks of the said Rivers, and by the Owners of Locks, Weirs, Turnpikes, Dams, Flood-gates,

and other Engines, in and upon or near adjoining to the said Rivers, and allb by several Barge-masters and their Servants navigating thereon; by reason whereof the Price of Water-carriage on those Rivers is very much raised, and the Navigation of the said Rivers greatly damaged, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of the said Act: And whereas, upon a Survey and Estimate made and taken of the necessary Expence of making proper Turnpikes, and of cleani'ing and embanking divers Parts of the said Rivers,

and for purchasing Lands for the making of Towing-paths, and of building Bridges across divers Streams that empty themselves into the said Rivers, and for other Purposes, in order to complete the Navigation of the said Rivers, it appears, that the same will amount to a considerable Sum of Money, which cannot be raised without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, for completing the said Navigation, and for preventing all Abuses and Exactions relating thereto, which may render the same less useful to the Public, all Members of the House of Commons for the time being, that do or shall reside within the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, Oxford, Berks, Bucks, Surry, and Middlesex^ the Representatives in Parliament of the said Counties for the time being, the Representatives in Parliament of the City of London and of all Towns within the said Counties for the time being, the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London for the time being, the High Bailiff of // efminster for the time being, the Vice Chancellor and Heads of Colleges or Halls in the University of Oxford for the time being, the Dean and Canons of Christ Church for the time being, the Dean and Prebendaries of Westminster for the time being, the Dean and Residentaries of Saint Paul's London, for the time being, the Dean and Canons of Windsor for the time being, the Provost and Fellows of Eton College for the time being, the Rectors and Incumbents for the time being of the several Parishes that border upon the Thames, the Mayors and Recorders of Oxford, Abingdon, Wallingford, Reading, Henley, Maidenhead, and Windsor, and the Bailiffs and Recorder of King/lon upon Thames for the time being, the Trustees or Commissioners of the River Wry, the Proprietors of the said River, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Recorder of Guilford, the Bailiffs of the Town of Godalming, and all Persons who do or shall at any Time reside, or have an Pilate of one hundred Pounds per Annum within the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Berks, Bucks, Oxford, Gloucester^ and Wilts, shall be, and are hereby constituted Commissioners for putting in Execution nil and Angular the Powers in this Act contained; and that all and every Person and Persons constituted and appointed a Commissioner or Commissioners by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, before he and they reflectively take upon himself or themselves to act as a Commissioner or Commissioners (other than the administering the following Oath to one another, which they, or any two of them, are hereby impowered and required to do) shall take and subscribe the following Oath:

I A.B. do swear. That I will, without Favour or Affection, truty, faithfully, and impartially execute, perform, and discharge the Office and Duty of a Commissioner, according to the Powers, Authorities, and Directions given and established by an Act of Parliament for improving and computing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis from the City of London to the Town c/Cricklade, in the County li of Wilts, and that I will execute the said Act according to the belt of my Skill and Knowledge.

So help me GOD.

Which Oath so taken and subscribed as aforesaid, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace among the Records of the Sdflons of the Peace 111 and for the respective Counties where the same shall be lb taken and

subscribed.

II. Provided always, That no Person, except the Mayor, Aldermen of Guilford, and the Bailiffs of the Town of Godalming, shall act as a Commissioner in any Case in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be feifcJ in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value ol one hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir-apparent of some Person having such Estate of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal Estate to the Amount of three thousa*.d Pounds.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 45. 261

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall presume to ail as a Commissioner before u

he has taken the said Oath, or if he shall have acted not being duly qualified, or whilst he was under any forfeit Disqualification by this Act, he shall, upon Conviction thereof, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds;looi' to be recovered by the General Tre.durer of the said Navigation, by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ and such Person shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall forfeit the said Sum of two hundred Pounds; which Sum, when recovered, after deducing of all Costs and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be applied to and for the Purposes of this A cl.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, for the Time and Place better and more orderly putting in Execution the Powers hereby to them given, shall, for the first Time, ofc. 0^m,lllon* meet on the second Thursday after the passing of this Act, at the Town-hall of Henley upon Thames; and afterwards, in the said Year and every subsequent Year, without any previous Notice, on the first Saturday in^ how to*bc* a* ter the twenty-fourth Day of June, at the Town-hall of Great Alarlozu, in the County of Bucks; on the held.

fill Saturday alter the twenty-ninth Day of September, at the Town-hall of Kingston, in the County of Surry \ on the full Saturday after the twenty-fifth Day of December, at the Town hall of Oxford; on the first Saturday after the twenty-fifth Day of AJarch, at the Town-hall of Reading, in the County of Berks; which Meetings, subsequent to the full-mentioned Meeting, shall be call :d Quarterly or Ordinary Meetings: And at any one of the said quarterly or ordinary Meetings it shall and may be lawful for any Com- Commissioner* irufli uier then pufent to propose any Person to be a Commissioner, being an Inhabitant of any County bor- bcelcctc'i*

denng upon the Thames or 1 ny provided such Person is otherwise duly qualified according to this Act, or is not thereby in any Manner disqualified to be elected a Commissioner; and if the Person so proposed shall be elected by a Majority of Commissioners present at the next quarterly or ordinary Meeting, he shall be a Commissioner to all Intents and Purposes, in the same Manner as if he had been appointed oy this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That at any of the said quarterly or ordinary Meetings, and also at all M?rti’od of*K General Meetings, it shall and may be lawful for any seven or more of the said Commissioners to proceed j°urmn*

to execute this Act, and all the Powers, Matters, and Things herein contained, and also to adjourn them-kkes, ftom Time to Time, and Place to Place, as they shall think necessary; but in case it Hull happen that 1cM. en Commissioners shall not be present at any such ordinary, or at any extraordinary or adjourned Meeting, then, and in such Case only, it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the said Commissioners -to adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and Place to Place, as they shall think proper, until seven or more Commissioners shall meet and be present at one Time, who shall adjourn themselves, from time to time, to such Place, and so from Place to Place within the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Berks, Buckingham, Oxford, Gloucester, and JTilts, and near to the same Rivers, or some Part thereof, as they shall think proper: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered and authorised Commissionfrs' afterwards, at any Time or Times, when it shall happen that no General Meeting is appointed to be held may appoint by Adjournment, to appoint extraordinary General Meetings of the said Commissioners for putting in Extraord, nary. ccution all or any of the Powers hereby in them vested, at such Times and Places as they shall think pro- cain&5* per, within any of the Counties by or through which the said Rivers run, upon or near the same, upon giving ten Days Notice in such public Newspapers, as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet, of the Time and Place which shall be, from time to time, appointed for such extraordinary General Meetings, at which the Commissioners then present shall be at Liberty, and are hereby impowered to adjourn themselves to such Time and Place within any of the aforesaid Counties near the said Rivers as they shall think proper:

And if it shall happen that a sufficient Number of Commissioners shall not appear at any such Meeting, then the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall, by the like Notice, adjourn such Meeting to the same Place for that Day Fortnight; and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, afumblcJ at such extraordinary General Meetings, shall, at any of such extraordinary, general, or adjourned Meetings, held at any of the respective Times and Places aforesaid, or in pursuance of such Notice aforesaid, only for such Number of Days as to them shall seem convenient, do and transa6l all such Hufiness relating to the said Navigation, as to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall seem expedient; and also, upon In Matter! of due Examination of any Person or Persons touching any Matters or Things which concern the better car- Controvert/ Tying on and regulating the Navigation of the said Rivers, or touching any Matters in Controversy between ^amliliiicrThe Party and Party relating thereto, upon Oath (which Oath they, or any two of them, are hereby impow- followingolth* cred, at such General or adjourned Meetings, to adminil'tcr) and shall be in these Words:

t€ T A 5. do swear, that such Information or Evidence as I shall give shall be the Truth, the wholeTbc 4< 1 Truth, and nothing but the Truth.

So help me GOD:9

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any fi*en or O teen how ter* more of them, at their full or at any fuccecJing General Meeting, by any Writing or Writings under their be appointed, Hands and Seals, shall and may appoint a fit Person to ne General Treasurer of the said Navigation, and also one other fit Person to be General Surveyor of the said Navigation, and also such other fit Person or Persons to be Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, of the Tolls or Duties arising therefrom; and, in like Manner, at their respective I)ulri6t Meetings, to appoint one fit Person in each Diihicl to bs Clerk to the Commissioners acting the rein, and also all such odier Officers as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, fli ill think necessary, and a’low them, or any of them, such Salary or Salaries as they, or the major Part of them so ailcnibled, shall think, proper; and also shall and may, from time to and ftmoteV-

tinie.

261 C. 45.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

time, remove such Treasurer, Surveyor, Receivers, Collectors, Clerks, and other Officers, as they, or the major Part of them so assembled, shall fee Occasion, and appoint others in their Stead.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, at any General Meeting, ordinary or extraordinary, are hereby impowered to make such Orders and Constitutions for the purchasing of Locks, Ferries, and Lands, for the life of the said Naviga-

Commissioners nay purchase Houses or Lands

Works, t*on? ant* to purchase and make tuch Towing-paths, Banks, Roads, Bridges, Ferries, and Ways, for the make Towing- towing, haling, or drawing of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels (with Horses or otherwise) passing in, paths, and other through, or upon the said Rivers, and to purchase or make such Wharfs, Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Conven.encics, Spikes, Dams, Flood-gates, and Engines, for the completing and carrying on the said Navigation, as the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, at such General Meeting shall think necessary and convenient for the Purposes aforesaid 5 and also to ered and maintain Pounds or Turnpikes on the said Rivers where Locks or Weirs are now made use of, and at all such other Places on the said Rivers, as the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, at their General Meetings, to be held as herein before directed, shall judge proper, and so as each of the said Pounds or Turnpikes so to be erected in pursuance and settle the of this Act, be of the Dimensions of one hundred and thirty Feet long, and eighty Feet wide $ and also to Prices to be paid settle and ascertain reasonable Rates and Prices to be taken from the Owners of all Barges, Boats, and for the Ule thereof.

Vessels, for the Use and Exercise of all the said Towing-paths, Ferries, Gates, and Bridges, either by Men 01 Horses, as they are now or shall be hereafter used, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, by the Tenants or Occupiers of all such Pounds, Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Turnpikes, Winches, Dams, Flood-gates, and other Engines and Towing-paths in, upon, or near or adjoining to the said Rivers or Thames and lfis, or which do or may affeCl the Navigation of the same, or shall be deemed by the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, assembled at such Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, to be necessary or useful thereto, between the said City of London and the said Town of Cricklade, for the Help and Assistance which Barges, Boats, or Vessels, mayor shall receive thereby, or by Means thereof, in their Passage upon the said Rivers, Regard being had as well to the Size, Burthen, or Tonnage of such Boats, Barges, and Vessels, that shall navigate on the said Rivers, as to the Charges and Expences which have been and shall be laid out in the purchasing of the Land necessary for the said Towing paths, and in building, repairing, enlarging, improving, and supporting the said Towing-paths, Pounds, Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Mood-gates, and other engines; and also to make Orders and Regulations touching the Sizes and Draughts of all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, navigating the said Rivers, and to settle proper Gages on the Sides thereof, and how deep they shall load at all Times, so as no Boat, Barge, or other Vessel whatsoever, navigating the said River, shall draw more than three Feet of Water; and also to «nake and appoint all such other necessary Rates, Orders, Constitutions, Rules, and Regulations, concerning the said Navigation, and also concerning such Pounds, Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Dams, Flood-gates, and other Engines and Towing-paths, lying between the Places aforesaid, and the Shutting, Penning, Opening, Drawing, Use, or Management thereof, for the Benefit and Safety of the said Navigation; and making Satisfaction for the Loss or Damage any Owners or Occupiers of Mills or Lands shall or may sustain thereby; and concerning all Barges, Boats, or Vessels passing determined by, through, or with the Help of the same, and Behaviour of all Bargemen, Boatmen, and Watermen, belonging to or working in such Barges, Boats, or Vessels, so as to remedy the Abuses which have been heretofore frequently committed, or may hereafter be committed by them in the Navigation; and to give such Reparation, oatisfaClion, and Damages, to the Person or Persons aggrieved thereby, as likewise to the Owners or Occupiers of Lands, Meadows, or other Grounds, who shall be damaged by the Neglect or Refusal of the Owners of such Pounds, Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, and Flood-gates, in not opening and keeping open the same till the Water is sunk beneath the Water-mark* as to the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, shall seem meet.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorise or impower the said Commissioners, or any other Commissioners hereafter to be appointed by virtue of this Act, to make any Cut or Cuts to divert the present Course of the said River in any Manner whatsoever between the Bridge at Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, and the City of London, nor any where above the said Bridge, except for the sole Purpose of making Turnpike Locks on the Sides of the present Locks.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any General Meeting, or for any three or more of them at any Meeting, to settle the Price to be paid for the Passage of Barges or other Vessels, so as such

jr£c?* Price, so far as regards the Locks now in being, be not less than the present Owners or Occupiers of such Locks are now intitled to take and receive by virtue of any former Act, or any Order made by the Commissioners aCUng under or by virtue thereof, nor more than Fourpence per Ton at any one Lock or Toll-gate through or near the said Locks, according to the Tonnage of such Barges or other Vessels; which Price of Lorkage shall be fixed up, painted in Targe Characters, on Boards, on the said Locks, as well as the Price of Towing at the Beginning and End of each Fare; and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any General Meeting, or any three or more of them at any District Meeting, shall have Power, by a written Order, signed by them and directed to the Persons concerned, to oblige the Owners and oblige Pro. or Occupiers of Locks to keep in Repair the several Locks and Weirs now in the said Rivers; and for Non-prittor* to ktep compliance with such Order, after ten Days Notice, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of up Locks and them, whether they signed the same or not, are hereby impowered to repair such Locks and Weirs, and to and to’kee u ^evy ExPence by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels; and the said Commissioners, the WatCTPto a or any seven or more of them, at any General Meeting, or any three or more of them at any District Meet-

proper Height. ing.

make Regula-t on* relating to the Vessels navigating the River

make Satisfaction to Owners of Mills; and prevent M./behaviour of Watermen.

Not to extend to

prevrnt the piefent Course of the River.

Commissioners to settle the

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 45. 263

ing, are hereby impowered to fix a Mark or Marks at each Lock or Weir, below or above which Mark or Marks no Owner or Occupier of any Lock, Weir, or Mill, shall knowingly or designedly let the Water LII or rife, unless he is authorised thereto by two Commissioners under their Hands, in case of any Repairs that may be wanting to the said Mill, Weir, or Lock, that may make it necessary to let the Water down below such Marks, but in no other Case whatever; and in cale any Person or Persons shall act contrary to the above Directions, he shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered as herein after-mentioned.

X Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Owner or Oc- Water for re-cupier of any Mill shall and may, and they are hereby impowered, to draw down the Water without such Pa,".n* Mil,s J*" Authority from the Commissioners as aforesaid, for the Repair of such Mill, or any Flood-gates or Water- down

works belonging thereunto, and for the Purpose of cleansing the * Mill Stream; and also that it shall and IW 0 may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons, having a Right or Privilege to fish with Nets or Lucks in any Part of the said Rivers, and to draw down the Waters for that Purpose, to retain, possess, and enjoy, the said Right and Privilege of Fishing, at all seasonable Times of the Year and drawing down the Water, doing thereby no Damage or Prejudice to the Navigation, and causing thereby no Obstruction or Hindrance to the Boats, Barges, or Lighters, on the said Rivers; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners appointed by this Commissioners Act, and their Successors, shall, from time to time, and at all Times hereafter, so build, construct, and tokeepup* ketp in Repair the Locks, Bucks, Weirs, Pounds, and other Devices to be erected and constructed by the r°P*rHrad of Authority of this Act, as that a sufficienc Head of Water may be constantly pounded and kept up for the wo^rog°Miil*. Purpose of working the Mills contiguous and lying near to such Locks, Bucks, Weirs, or Pounds; and ° tha: in case any Damage shall accrue to any such Mill by the improper Construction or Use of any of the said Locks, Weirs, Pounds, or other Devices, so to be constructed as aforesaid, or any such Mill by any of the Means aforesaid shall be obstructed or hindered from working, that then and in such Case, the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, and their Successors, or any three or more of them, shall, on Application to be made to their Clerk for that Purpose, by a Notice in Writing from any Owner or Occupier of a Mill so damaged or obstructed, or hindered from working, to be given to the said Clerk, or left at his usual Place of Abode, cause the said Locks, Weirs, Pounds, and other Devices, or such of them as shall be defective, to be well and sufficiently altered, repaired, and amended, within twenty-one Days next after such Application shall have been made as aforesaid; and in case the Lid Commissioners, or their Successors, or any seven or more of them, shall not, within the Time aforesaid, cause the said Locks, Weirsr Pounds, and other Devices, or such of them as shall be defective, to be well and sufficiently altered, re* paired, and amended, it shall and may be lawful to and for two Justices of the Peace near adjoining to such Mill so damnified or hindered from working, and they are hereby authorised and required to take a View of the said Locks, Weirs, Pounds, and other Devices, or such of them as shall be so defective, on Application for that Purpose to be made by the Owner or Occupier of the MillTo damnified or hindered from working; and if, upon such View, the said Justices shall find the said Locks, Weirs, Pounds, and other Devices, or any or either of them to be so constructed, or to be so out of Repair as to hinder or impede the working of the Mill of the Owner or Occupier so giving Notice as aforesaid, then the said Justices shall, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, certify what Repairs or Alterations are wanting to be made or done to the said Locks, Weirs, Pounds, or other Devices; which Certificate shall be delivered to the Clerk, to the said Commissioners, or left at his usual Place of Abode; and in care the said Commissioners, or their Successors, or any seven or more of them, shall not, within twenty Days next after the said Certificate shall be left with, or delivered to their said Clerk as aforesaid, cause the said Locks, Weirs, Pounds, and other Devices to be so properly constructed or well and sufficiently repaired, as that the said Mills may mot be damaged or hindered from working as usual; that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owners or Occupiers of such Mills, and they are hereby authorised to cause such Alterations, Reparations, and Amendments, to be made to the said Locks, Weirs, Pounds, and other Devices, as shall be mentioned in the said Certificate; and the said Commissioners and their Successors, or any seven or more of them, shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the Person or Persons at whose Expence the said Alterations, Repairs, and Amendments, shall have been made, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as he or they shall have paid, expended, or been put unto on that Occasion; and also to the Owners or Occupiers of such Mills, all such Damages as they may have sustained by reason of such Want of Alteration or Detest in Reparation, such Colls, Charges, Damages, and Expences to be liquidated by such two Justices-as aforesaid, if any Dispute shall arise concerning the same; and in case of Non-payment thereof for the Space of twenty Days next after Demand for that Purpose made on the Collector of the Rates and Duties tO' be collected by virtue of this Act, it shill and may be lawful to and for the Person and Persons at whose Expences such Alterations, Repairs, and Amendments, shall have been made, and to and for the Owner and Occupiers of such Mills so damnified as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorised to receive all and every the Rates and Duties to be collected by virtue of this Act, until he and they shall have reimbursed himfclfand themselves all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as he or they shall have sustained or been put unto in making such Alterations, Repairs, and Amendments, as aforesaid, or by reason of the Defect or Want thereof.

XII. And whereas there are many Locks, Bucks, Weirs, and Winches, now in the said Rivers, the to be

Owners or Occupiers whereof are by virtue of the said recited Act of Parliament of the twenty-fourth p id to former Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, or of some Orders made by the Com- Proprietor* us miffioQers acting under the Authority thereof, intitled to receive a Toll or Rate for the Paflige of Boats, Lock*

4 Bargps*

264 c. 45.

Anfio undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Lock-dues and Lock-owners imrowered to meal’urc Barges,

&c.

Rates of Carriage and Hire of Kories how to be lettJed,

Persons taking ti^her Rate?, 0 comraiy tv» the Rules prdcnLcd,

to forfeit 50 1.

No Order to be altered.

c Barges, and Lighters, through such Waters and Locks, and for the Use of such Winches: And whereas,

by means of the said intended Navigation, and the Alteration of the Course thereof, all the Boats, Barges,

and other Vessels, will be prevented and obstructed from patting or repa fling to or from, or through the said Weirs and Bucks:’ In order therefore to make a Satisfaction to such Owners and Occupiers of Locks, Bucks, Weirs, and Winches, for the Damage they may respectively sustain by reason of the said intended Navigation, and the Alteration of the Course thereof; be it further enacted, That from the Time of making any Alterations in the Navigation of the said Rivers in pursuance of this Act, whereby any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, shall be prevented or diverted from patting or repatting to, from, or through either of the said Weirs or Locks, or from using either of the said Bucks or Winches, there flial], from thenceforth, and for ever thereafter, be paid and allowed, and the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed by or in pursuance of this Act, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to pay and allow unto the Owner or Occupier of every such Weir, Lock, Buck, or Winch, for every Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, patting by and not making use of the same, such and the same T olls, Rates, and Duties, clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, as such Owners and Occupiers would have been intiiled to have received and taken, had such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Veil'd, so patting by, patted through, and made use of such Weirs, Locks, or Winches, by virtue of the said recited Act of Parliament, or any Order made by the Commissioners acting under or by virtue thereof; such Tolls to be accounted for and paid monthly at or upon the first Monday in every Month in every Year and in case of Refusal or Non-payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, for the Space of ten Days next after any of the Days before appointed for the Payment thereof as aforesaid, the Rates, Tolls, and Duties granted by this Act shall veit in such Owner or Occupier, until he shall have received sufficient to pay him the Tolls allotted him as aforesaid, together with the Coils and Charges occaliomd by the Non-payment of such Tolls; and that, until full Payment thereof, he shall have the same Powers and Authorities for demanding, collecting, and receiving the Rates, Tolls, and Duties granted by this Act, as are by this Act granted to the said Commissioners, their Collectors, or Receivers, or any of them.

XIII. And, for the better ascertaining what Sum or Sums of Money shall from time to time be due and payable to such Owners or Occupiers of Locks, Weirs, Bucks, and Winches,’ Be it further enacted, That such Owners or Occupiers, or such Person or Persons as they, either, or any of them, shall for that Purpose appoint, shall and may, at any Time or Times hereafter, have full and free Liberty and Power of mea-furing the Boats, Barges, and Lighters, and of inspecting, examining, and taking Copies, at their own Expence, of all such Books, Accounts, and Entries, as mall at any Time or Times thereafter, in pursuance of this Act, be made, entered, or kept at the Place nearell the Lock, Weir, or Winch, of the Owner or Occupier claiming such Toll, in order to see the Number of Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels that have patted by such Lock, Weir, or Winch, and the Quantity or Tonnage of the Goods, Wares, Merchandises, or Commodities, which shall be carried or conveyed therein.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have Power and Authority, and they are hereby required, at, their said General Meetings, to aifefs and rate the Prices of the Carriage of all Sorts of Goods whatsoever, and the Rates or Fare to be given for the Use of any Horseor Horses, employed on the said Navigation from the said City of London, to the said Town of Cricklade, and back from thence to the said City of London, or to or from any Place or Places upon the said Rivers, to any other Place or Places upon the same, in such Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; and shall forthwith give public Notice in Writing, to be signed by the said Commissioners at such their Meetings, or any seven or more of them, to be stuck up at the several Locks and Turnpike-gates on the said Rivers, and at the Market Places or Church Doors of such Towns and Parishes as they shall think proper within the respective Districts, and also to be printed and published in some of the public Newspapers, of which public Notice the several Owners of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels navigating on the said Rivers, are hereby required to take Notice, as also of the Rates and Prices so from time to time set and assessed, and of all other Rates, Fares, and Prices, which shall at any Time or Times hereafter, at such respective Meetings as aforesaid, be rated and assessed by virtue of this Act; and if any Owner and Proprietor of any such Barge, Boat, or other Vessel shall, at any Time after the Expiration of twenty Days next after the publishing of such Notice, take for the Water-carriage of any Goods or Merchandises above the Rates and Prices so set as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds: And if any Person whatsoever shall adh contrary to any other Rules, Orders, or Constitutions which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, either for the Benefit of the Proprietors or Owners of Mills, Locks, Lands, Grounds, or Meadows near or adjoining to the said Rivers, or either of them, or otherwise howsoever, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, likewise forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, unless in the Case of Offences for which other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein otherwise inflicted; all which respective Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be recovered in a summary Way by Information or Complaint made to the said Commissioners, at any of their General Meetings, or at any of their Diibidf Meetings, in the Manner herein after directed; and shall go and be applied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Party or Parties aggrieved by any such Offence, and shall and may be levied by Dilirefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels in Manner herein after directed.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order, Rule, or Regulation, made by the said Commissioners at any General Meeting, shall be altered or repealed at any extraordinary General Meting; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at any of the said quarterly or ordinary Meetings, or at any Adjournment thereof, to alter, annul, or repeal any Order, Rule, or Regulation made by the said Commissioners at any former Meeting or Adjournment whatsoever held in

0 pursuance

265

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 45.

pursuance of this Act, of to make any new Order, Rule, or Regulation, touching and concerning the same, as the Occasion and Circumstances of the Case may then require, and as to them shall seem expedient; but no such Alteration, Repeal, or new Order, shall be made, or deemed good and sufficient, unless unices None* twenty Days Notice of such Alteration or Repeal be fixed in Writing upon the Locks and Turnpike-gates so-uibe gr.cn. upon the said Rivers, and at the Market Places and Church Doors of such Towns and Parishes as they shall think proper, within their respective Districts.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Navigation shall, and the Navigation t* fame is hereby directed to be divided into fix Parts or Districts; videlicet. That the first Part or District of jyfWx^ the said Navigation shall be accounted, deemed, and taken to be between the said City of London and the Di ui City Stone above Staines Bridge; and that the second Part or District shall be accounted, deemed, anti

taken to be between the City Stone above Staines Bridge aforesaid and Boulter s Lcck\ and that the third Part or District shall be accounted, deemed, and taken to be between Boulter s Lock aforesaid and Maple Durham 5 and that the fourth Part or District shall be accounted, deemed, and taken to be between Maple Durham aforesaid and Shillingford\ and that the fifth Part or District shall be accounted, deemed, and taken to be between Shillingford aforesaid and Oxford; and that the sixth Part or District shall be accounted, deemed, and taken to be between Oxford aforesaid and Cricklade, in the said County of IVUts.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Time and Place of the first: Meet- First SuWiv.'fioa Ing in every District shall be appointed by the first General Meeting to be holden at Henley; and that the t,rgJ to be Commissioners living within their respective Districts, or any three or more of them, shall and may hold a apn in%, CJ h?lhc District Meeting at the Time and Place so appointed, and afterwards at all Times and at any Place bor-

dering upon the said Rivers within their respective Districts, as any two such Commissioners shall, either by Manner of »<J-Adjournment from time to time, or by any Writing under their Hands directed to the District Clerk, ap- j;mrning and appoint; of which District Meeting the said Clerk is hereby required, on Pain of forfeiting five Pounds, at po n ing other* the Discretion of the said Commissioners, to affix Notice in Writing at the Market Places, or on the prin- Notice :ob« cipal Door of each Parish Church in such Towns or Parishes as are not Market Towns that are adjoining tivco* to the said Rivers, as the said Commissioners shall appoint within that District, ten Days before the Time appointed for the holding such District Meeting; or if that cannot be, as many Days Notice as can conveniently be given. Regard being had to the Necessity of the Case; and at such District Meeting, the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall have Power to adjourn themselves from time to time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think proper for enforcing the Execution of such Orders and Constitutions as shall be made at any of the General Meetings of the said Commissioners to be held as aforesaid; and at such District Meetings the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or the major Part of them present, shall have Power, and are hereby authorised, in a summary Way, upon Examination of the Parties, and all Witnesses to be produced by them upon Oath, which Oath shall be in the same Words as the Oath herein before directed for the Examination of any Person or Persons as aforesaid (and which Oath their are hereby impowered to administer) to hear and determine all such Complaints and Informations as Commissione* shall be made or laid against all and every Person and Persons accused of offending against this Act, or any of the Rules, Orders, Regulations, or Constitutions to be made in pursuance or by virtue thereof; and, omp upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, to levy such Penalties as the said Commissioners are by this A A impowered to set, or are hereby made payable or forfeited for the Offences whereof such Offenders shall be respectively convicted, by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus to the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to be directed to the Constables, Tithingmen, or other Peace Officers of the several Liberties or Places wherein or near whereunto any such Goods or Chattels by such Warrant directed to be distrained shall be 5 and all such Constables and other Officers are hereby commanded to obey and execute such Warrants accordingly: Provided that every Person against whom any Complaint or Information shall be made or laid at any of the said District Meetings, shall have at ieaft ten Days Notice of such Complaint or Information, under the Hand of the Clerk appointed, as herein after mentioned, to attend the said Commissioners at their respective District Meetings.

XVIII. Provided also, That it shall and maybe lawful for any Person whose Fine, Penalty, Forfeiture, Person*

or Damage adjudged against him at any of the said District Meetings, shall exceed the Sum of five Pounds, gri ved rr*y ap. and who shall think himself aggrieved thereby, to appeal to the next General Meeting of the said Com- Fral_£ *Gf°c* mi ffioners to be held after the Expiration of twenty Days from the Time that the Party aggrieved shall have r41 Weel,nK' Notice of the Adjudication of such District Meeting of the Commissioners, at such of the respective Places herein before appointed for the holding of General Meetings as shall be nearest to the Place where the Matter of Complaint shall originally arise (but not afterwaras), upon giving ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal to the Party or Parties appealed against, or leaving such Notice at his, her, or their Jail Place of Abode; and such Commissioners, at such General Meeting, shall hear and determine such Appeal, and give such Costs to either Party as they shall think reasonable.

XIX. And whereas, for the more effectual putting the Powers herein contained in Execution, it may Commissionert be frequently necessary to view the several Cuts, Pounds, Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, impowered to Dams, Flood-gates, and other Engines, and the several Towing-paths upon or near the said Rivers Ulu Vlcw*

Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at any of their General or District Meetings, may appoint any Number of Commissioners (but not a less Number than two) as they shall think fit, who are hereby authorised and impowered to go and view any Cuts, Pounds, Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Dams, Flood-gates, and other Engines in, upr»n, near, or adjoining to the said Rivers, and likewise to view all Towing-paths, Gates, Bridges, and

Vul.XI. Mm Places

266 C. 45.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Places proper for the fixing a Water-mark at all Pounds* Locks, Weirs* Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Dams* Flood-gates* and other Engines, and to inquire into the Estate, Condition, Reparation, and Cir-nd *0 inquiry cumstances thereof, and to inquire allb by Information upon Oath (which shall he in the same Words as into toe Prices the Oath herein before directed for the Examination of Witnesses as aforesaid and which Oath they ate OwKnof* to hereby impowered to administer) what Rates or Pi ices have formerly been paid to or taken by the Own-L©u«, &c. ers or Proprietors of such Pounds, Locks* Weirs* Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Dams, Flood-gates, or other Engines in, upon, near, or adjoining to the said Rivers, or in any wise affecting the same, as like-wife by the Owners of Towing-paths adjoining to the said Rivers, and the several Sums that are now paid to or taken by such Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers, from the several Barge-masters navigating on the said Rivers; which Information or Informations thus taken shall be ffgned by two of the said Commissioners at lead, and shall be by them transmitted to or reported at the next General Meeting of the said Commissioners, who, or any seven or more of them, shall make such Order and Determination as shall to them seem just, so as such Order do not compel or oblige any such Owner or Occupier to take less Toll than he is now intitled to take and receive by virtue of any foimer Act, or any Order made by Commissioners adding under or by virtue thereof, ten Days Notice, in Writing of such Information and intended Order being first given to the Person or Persons whom the same may concern, or left at his or their last Place of Abode.

Penalty on re-

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear, either by View of snuiksf Vva*cr~ any two or more of the said Commissioners, or upon Complaint made on Oath (to be taken and administered as herein before directed) to any three or more of the said Commissioners, at any of the said Dutridt, Meetings* that any Owner or Occupier of any Pound, Lock, Weir, Turnpike, Dam, or Flood-gate* or

any other Person or Persons, hath removed any Water-mark so as aforesaid let and appointed by the said Commissioners, that the Person or Persons removing the same shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds; to be recovered at any of the Lid Meetings in a summary Way, by any Person or Persons who will complain or inform thereof, and levied by Disticfs and Sale of the Of* fender’s Goods and Chattels in Manner aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enadle i by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any two of the said Commissioners, upon the Complaint of and Oath made by the General or District Surveyor, or by any of the Occupiers of the Meadows above, that the Water runs over the Water-mark, and that their case of Meadows are in Danger of being overflowed, to fend, under their respective Hands and Seals, a Warrant an Overflow, directed to the said General or District Surveyor, or to the Constable or Constables of the P'arish or Place,

or some neighbouring Parish or Place, thereby authorising and impowering him or them to give Notice of such Complaint to the several Tenants or Occupiers of the said Pounds, Locks, Weirs, Turnpikes, Dams, and Flood-gates; and on their Refusal to open the same, to compel the said Tenants or Occupiers of the said Pounds, Locks, Weirs, Turnpikes, Dams, and Flood-gates, to open and keep open the same* as Occasion shall require, till the Water is sunk below the Water-mark, and no longer: And if any Damage shall be sustained by the Tenants or Occupiers of such Meadows, occasioned either by the Occupiers or Tenants of such Pounds, Locks* Weirs, Bucks, Turnpikes, Dams, and Flood-gates, penning the Water above the Wattr-mark so as aforesaid set by the said Commissioners, or neglecting or refusing to open or keep open the same as aforesaid, after such Notice as aforesaid, any three or more of the said Commissioners shall, at any of their District Meetings to be held as aforesaid, within the Space of ten Days next ensuing, on Proof made on Oath as aforesaid of the Damage or Damages, order such Satisfaction as to them shall Penalty on Per- seem jail: And if any of the Tenants or Occupiers of any Pounds, Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Turnpikes, fons refining to Dams, or Flood-gates* shall refuse to pay such Sum or Sums of Money so ordered within three Days after such Order made, and Notice thereof given, he or they so refusing shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings, over and above the Sum and Sums so ordeicd; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of the said Commissioners as aforesaid.

XXII. And whereas great Nuisances, Annoyances, Inconveniencies, and Damages, do often happen on the said Navigation to light-loaded Barges, Boats, and other Vessels passing the same, by Timber and deep-loaded Barges, Boats, and other Veltcis lying across or aground in the said Rivers, and by Stones,

Dung, Muck, and Compost, and other Nuisances lying and being in the Towing-paths, and other Places belonging to the same, and thereby obstructing and preventing the Padage of such light-loaded ‘ Vefllis:* For Remedy whereof, be it funner enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any one or more of the Lid Commissioners* on his or their View, or on Complaint thereof made to him or them by the Lid General or District Surveyor, or by the Owners or Navigators of light-leaded Barges, Boats* or other Vessels* to order the Proprietors of such Timber* Dung, Muck, or Com-p-'-ft, as aforesaid, and the Owners or Navigators of such deep-loaded Barges, Boats, or other Vessels (by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals), forthwith to remove such Obstructions, by carrying away the same, or lightening their laid Vessels* or otherwise* in such Manner as the said Commissioner or Commissioners Dial I think fit, and to fuller the said light-loaded Barges, Boats, or other Vef-(Vls, to pass *, and upon Non compliance with such Order, to alfefs and levy, by Warrant under such Commissioner or Commissioners Hands and Seals, or Hand and Seal, to be directed to the said General Surveyor, or to the Constable or other Peace Officer of the Parish or Place wherein or near to the Place where such Complaint shall arise, such Penalty not being more than the Sum of ten Pounds* nor less than the Sum of forty Shillings, upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender and Offenders, or the Tackle belonging to his or their Baige or Barges, as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall think proper or

7 adequate

ComnVssioners

10 ord?r Difiricl Surveyor*, &c. to open Floodgates, in

and awrd Satisfaction for Dam.i^es done thereby,

make Satiafac. ion.

Commissioners

Vo irniove Ob-fiructio;.*.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 45. 267

adequate to the Damage sustained by the Owner or Owners of fiuch light-loaded Barge, Vessel or Vessels, and to be paid to the Treasurer for the time being, and by him to the Person or Persons sustaining the Damage, as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall direct.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner or Commissioners shall act in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained, where he or they is or are any ways particularly interfiled, under the Penalty of one hundred Pounds; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of three or more of the other Commissioners; which Penalty or Forfeiture shall and is hereby directed to go to the same Uses as other Penalties by this Act are to be applied.

XXIV. And forasmuch as the drawing Barges by Horses, instead of Men, on all or many more Banks € than at present have Horse Towing-paths, may deprive many Men who are now employed in drawing € such Barges of their usual Livelihood, and as everal such Men are or may become, through Sickness, Age, cr bodily Infirmity, disabled from earning their daily Bread by any other Sort of Labour;* Be it enacted, That any seven or more Commissioners, at any General Meeting, may certify under their Hands and Seals to the Treasurer of the said District, or to the General Treasurer, the Case of such disabled Man, and the Treasurer to whom such Certificate shall be directed is hereby required to relieve the said disabkd Man with such Sum, not exceeding four Shillings per Week, as shall be directed or specified by the said Commissioners, until the said Certificate shall be revoked by them, or by any seven or more Commissioners, at any General Meeting as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Wharfinger upon the Banks of the said Rivers shall keep a Book, wherein all Goods shall be entered in the same Order as they shall be brought to his Wharf in order for Carriage, and shall moreover give a Receipt, if required, to the Per fun ddiveiing the same; and every Barge-master carrying Goods for Hire, that loads from that Wharf, shall de’icer to the Wh irfinger in Writing the Name of the mod distant Place to which such Barge shall or may be bound, and the Barge-master shall then take into his Barge the Goods which shall have been first entered at the said Wharf, and consigned to the Place so named as aforesaid, or to any other Place or Places not more than ten Miles thort of the same* without any other Preference (except as is herein after excepted) than the Priority of Entry in each Wharfinger’s Book; which Book the Wharfinger is hereby required to shew to such Barge-master at the Time of putting such Goods on board his Barge, and shall give a Bill of Lading for the lame, expressing the Time or Times of Entry, for which Entry the said Wharfinger shall be paid one Penny for every Entry, and no more; and such Wharfinger and Barge-master respectively shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, on being convicted before any two Commissioners of rot having made due and regular Entries, or of altering, or permitting to be altered, his or their Book or Books, in order to give undue Preference, or of not shewing his Book or Books as aforesaid, or not giving such Bills of Lading, expressing the Time or Times of Entry, or of not carrying the Goods according to Priority of Entry as aforesaid; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of the said Commissioners, one Moiety of which Pemltv shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Person aggrieved.

XXVI. Provided always, That no such Entry shall be made until such Goods so to be entered shall be oftually brought to the Wharf or Warehouse where the same are intended to be entered.

XXVII. Provided also, That in all Cases where any B irgcmaster shall take and carry any Goods or Merchandise to any Place or Places whatsoever, over and above or for want of such Goods or Merchandise as are herein before, in the first place, directed to be taken and carried, he shall take and carry the same to every such Place or Places respectively, without other Preference than the Priority of Entry in each Wharfinger’s Book as aforesaid, under the like Penalties herein before mentioned, excepting always such Goods or Merchandise as may be of a perishable Nature, which shall at all Times be taken and canicd in Preference to any other Species of Goods or Merchandise confirmed to the same Place or Places respectively; and upon Complaint being made of any of the Matters aforesaid before any two Commissioners, they are hereby im-powerrd to summon any such Wharfinger to attend with his Bonk or Books of Entry, and such Wharfinger is hereby required to attend accordingly; and in case such Wharfinger shall neglect to attend with his Book or Books according to such Summons, he shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings; to be levied by Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after any Houses, Messuages, Pr!il!% Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be set out and ascertained by the Surveyor of the said Navigation as fit and necessary for the Purposes before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Pohtie. Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Hufb.mds, Guardians Trustees, Fee ffres in Trust, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and VI other Trustre, and Persons whatln-r\ :r, not cnly for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Sucre (Tor-, but rdf > for ai d on UchVfof their (V.Vfiquc Trusts, whether Infant*, Blue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, ar.l to and for all Femes Covert who nre or shall he fifed, p'flatted of, or intmeft d in tlcir own J\ ght, and to and for every other Person and Persons whom foe ver, who are or shall 1 be IciLd, poll fled of, or mtcrested in any Lands, Tenements, Tithes, or Grounds, which shall be so set out and afiertained as aforesaid, or any

cellars, or to such Merlon or Kersons as they shall nominate and appon lion,; 11 or any Part of such Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, which (mil, from time to time, be so fi t out and ascertained as aforesaid, either in C< nsideration of a Sum of Money to be paid in Gross, or of an annual Rent or Payment to be charged and secured as is herein after mentioned and where, by making the said Navigation, or any Alteration therein, the Property of any

Comnifllonfrt mt to ;.n wher* imcicfted.

Provision for Persons ufrd t# draw B and unaS’e to gain a Livelihood,

Wharfinger?

shall krep Entries of all Goodi drliver-cd;

which shall be forwarded according to Prit.

rity of Entry.

Proviso,

Rules for B *r£t# is and Whirhcgc:*.

Persons under

Inc;*parity ins-p»<v. i. r<. J to convey Laud

IftV A VJIllllWIIls?) A 1111C' VM’UIIIU vtdIVII rn>Uj C'V. iw IVV WU. IHIU kUM.vw

Part thereof, to contract for, fell, and convey unto the said Commissioners and thrirSuc-h Person or Persons as they shall nominate and appoint, for the Lie of the fin’d Naviga-

Land-

268 C. 45.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Copies to tc Evidence.

On Refusal to trcit.

Land-owner shall be separated into small Parcels, so as to render the Occupation thereof inconvenient, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and other such Land-owners, determined by and with the Content of the said Commissioners, or any eleven of them, or the major Part of them assembled at any General Meeting, to be testified by any Writing or Writings to be by them sealed r to make Ex-and delivered in the Presence of and attested by two or more credible Witnesses, to contract for, sell, and changes. dispose of, or to convey in Exchange, in lieu of other Lands, all or any Part of such Lands and Grounds through which the said Navigation mail pass, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Price or Prices in Money, or other Equivalent, as to the said Commissioners, or any eleven of them, or the major Part of them assembled as aforesaid, shall seem reasonable 5 and that all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And that all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever so conveying or exchanging as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for what he, (he, they, or any of them, shall respectively do by virtue or in Centra&i to be pursuance of ihis Ail: And that all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, Wiled, and other than those which concern any Purchase or Exchange between any such respective Land-owners to be made as aforesaid, shall, at the Expence of the said Navigation, be inrolled by the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be situate respectively, and true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; for which Inrolment shall be paid to the aforesaid Officers respectively making the same the Sum of Threepence, and no more, for every two hundred Words, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Corporation or Person, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode of such Person, or of the Head Officer of such Corporation, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments aforesaid, shall, by the Space of twenty-one Days after such Notice given or Jest as aforesaid, negleil or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Pre-the Value to b; miles, or, by reason of Absence, shall be prevented from treating; then, and in every or any such Case,

ascertained by a the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, assembled as aforesaid, shall castfe to be inquired

into, ascertained, and assessed, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of twelve indifferent Men of the County

wherein such Mills, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall lie (which Oath any one or more of the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer) what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence shall be made to such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, or other Persons interested, for or upon account of the taking such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, into or for the Use of the said Navigation, Towing-paths, or other Purposes before mentioned: And in order thereto, the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, assembled as aforesaid, are hereby impowered, from time to time, as Occasion shall be, to order and cause the said Jury to view the said Places in question, and use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as the Jury’s Information in the Premises, as the Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, afllmbled as aforesaid, shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have inquired of, ascertained, and assessed such Damage and Recompence, they the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, so assembled as aforesaid, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the said Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of, or other Persons interested in the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, according to such Ytrdidlor Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgement, Order, or Determination, so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whatsoever claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present. Infants, Femes Covert, Idiots, Lunatics, Cefluiaue Trusts, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever. Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Ecclesianical, Civil, or Eleemofinary, as well as all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, and all and every Person and Persons interested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall, upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed as aforesaid, be thereby and from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Sk'rifo to fu«n- Claim, interest, and Property of, in, to, or out of the same: And for the summoning and returning such nv.n June*. Jury or Jurjcs> the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, are hereby impowered to issue out their Warrant to the Sheriff of the County wherein such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall lie, thereby commanding him to impannel, summon, and return twenty-four indifferent Persons to appear before the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impan-iiel, summon, and return such Number accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Commissioners, or any eleven of them, shall (wear, or cause to be sworn, twelve, to be drawn by Ballot out of the said twenty-four; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Persons so impannelled, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Scanders by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, who shall be sworn in like Manner, till the Number twelve be completed, which twelve shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Commissioners, or ^r?tin^Dut anV e^even or rnore of them, afiing in the Premises, shall have full Power, from time to time, to impose to bJ fmtd. U y* anV reaftmable Fine on such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not 8 appear,

Jurymen may

r cb.»ll*njred.

Shnifts, &c.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 45. 269

appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn, shall refuse <0 give or not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully negTedt their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who, being required to give Evidence before the said Jmy touching the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be (worn and give Evidence; and, from time to time, to recover, levy, and apply such Fine or Fines in the same Manner as any other Forfeiture or Penalty is by this Act directed to be recovered, levied, and applied, so as that no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of nve Pounds upon any one Person for one Offence.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Jury shall give in How thrEx-and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Monies as a Recompence for the Right, Interest, or Pro- pemrs of juries perty of any Person or Persons in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for any such Loss or b= de* Damage, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid; that then, and in such Case, the Colls and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the fa:J Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, out of the Profits of the said Navigation, or out of any Money to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof; hut if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Monies than shall have been agreea to and offered determined by the said Coir, mi f-sioners, or any eleven or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property in, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners shall have such Controversy or Dispute.

XXXI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend,

to authorise and impower the said Commissioners to compel or oblige the Owner or Proprietor of any Gar- not to mAe den, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, inclosed Lawn, or planted Avenue to any House, which have been Towing-p.ths respectively used as such, six Months before the passing of this Act (except such where Towing-paths are row used) or the Owner or Proprietor of any Messuage or Tenement erected or built, or begun to be of Vropri«-'r»* erected or built, six Months before the passing of this Act, to pull down, let, fell, or convey such Mef- £ fuage, Tenement, Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, inclosed Lawn, or Avenue, or any Part thereof, to the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons; nor (hnli any Thing in this Act contained impower the said Commissioners to make any new Towing-path, Bank, Cut, Road, Bridge,

Wharf, Lock, Weir, Buck, Winch, Spike, Dam, Flood-gate, Pound, Turnpike, Toll-gate, or Engine over, upon, or through any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, inclosed Lawn, or planted Avenue to any House, without the Consent of the Owner or Proprietor thereof.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained j>0 prrvfnt shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower the said Commissioners, or any of them, to make, or making Tow. cause to be made* any new Towing-paths or Landing-places over or through any Lands or Grounds now ing-paths belonging to Richard Mitchell Esquire, of Cuiham Court, in the Parish of Hargrave^ in the County of tJi'°ugh Berks \ nor to builJ any Bridge on, nor to starion any Boat or Float within two hundred Yards of any Eft’^cl‘§ Island or Lands belonging to the said Richard Mitchell\ any Thing herein contained to the contrary not- J c* withstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and Sums of upon Payment Money so assessed as aforesaid, is and are hereby charged upon the Monies which shall be raised by virtue of the Morey of this Act, and shall be paid thereout accordingly by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of an.r,rcd»the, rc* them, or their Treasurer, to the Persons respectively intitled thereto, or to their Agents; and that upon Payment thereof to such Persons, or their Agents, or upon leaving the same in the Hands of the Treasurer fonw?' to the said Commissioners for the Use of such Persons, or their Agents respectively, such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall, by the said Commissioners, their Surveyor or Surveyors, Workmen or

Agents, he taken for the Use of the said Navigation and Purposes before mentioned.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Barge, Boat, or Vessel, shall draw VefM< not t/> more than three Feet of Water; which Depth shall be ascertained by a strait white Line, one Inch broad, draw m^rethan extending from Head to Stern, on each Side of every Barge, Boat, or Vessel; and if it shall appear to any th.ree Kcet of two or more of the said Commissioners, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses "aUr*

iwhich Oath the said two or more Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer), that any Person or *ersons hath or have navigated his or their Barge drawing more than three Feet of Water, or that he or they hath or have not the said white Line on each Side of his Barge, every such Person and Persons so offending, and being the ieof duly convicted by the said Commissioners, shall forfeit and pay not more than twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any such there be) to the Owner, after the Charges attending such D.stress and Sale shall be deduced.

XXXV. Provided always, That nothing relating to the Draught of Water that such Barges, Boats, or Not toettfr. i to Vessels, are to draw, or the Mark of any Line on such Barge, Boat, or Vessel, shall extend, or be con- Barge» *<-. rot (trued to extend, to any Barge, Boat, or Vefld, that shall not be navigated beyond the Flux of the picat^.nd

tl»e Flui ol the

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Orders of the said Com-^uIc* missioners shall be signed by such Number of Commissioners as are herein before impowered to make the n,®nnfrl fame, and shall be kept by the Clerks to such Commissioners; and that such Clerks shall permit the same 10 be inspected by all Persons desiring the same at convenient Times, and shall deliver Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, to any Person desiring the same, taking for the Searches one Shilling for each

Search

270 C. 45.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Rule*, See, made by the Commissionert to be transmitted to the several Clerks of the Peace, and admitted as Evidence. w

Owners of Vessels subjirct to Damages done bj the Ciew,

'Officers to give Security.

"Money may be borrowed.

Notice to be -given of borrowing Money.

Annuities not to e*ceed «o 1. per vCcat. per Ann.

Annuities may be fold.

Money borrowed not to exceed $Q, QQOl.

Search; and for Copies thereof, any Sum not exceeding the Rate of Three-pence for every two hundred

Words.

XXXVII. Provided neverthelefe, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Rules, Orders, Constitutions, and Assessments, as shall be made by the said Commissioners, or such Number of them as are hereby impowered to make the same, shall be, from time to time, fairly written in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and the same, or a Comy thereof, signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners respectively, who hath or have the Custody thereof, shall be taken, adjudged, and deemed good and sufficient Evidence in all Cases whatsoever.

XXXVIII. And, for the further preventing the Damages and Mischiefs done and committed by dif- orderly Persons rowing, managing, baling, or towing the said Barges, Boats, and other Vessels, either with Men or Horses, and that the Owners of such Barges, B >ats, and Vessels, may be more careful to '4 prevent the same;* Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Barge-master, or the Matter of any Boat or Vessel, and Owner of any Barge, Boar, and Veiled, shall be, and is hereby made answerable and responsible for any Damage or Mischief that shall be done or committed by his or their Barge, Boat, or Vessel, or by the whole or any of the Crew of h;s or their fuid Barge, Boat, or Vessel, or by Persons ordinarily belonging to and going with such Barge, Boat, or Vessel, either to the Goods and Commodities -with which such Barge, Boat, or Vessel, is laden; or by filling with Nets, or otherwise; or by (hooting with Guns, or taking or destroying any Fish or Fowl; or to any of the Pounds, Locks, Lock-tackle, ‘Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Dams, Flood-gates, or other Engines; or to any Bridge, Land, Tree, Meadow, or Ground, in and upon the said Rivers, or bordering or near adjoining the ieio, either with Men or Horses; and the said Barge-matters, Barge-owners, and the Matters and Owners of any Boat or Vessel, shall be and are hereby made liable to make good all such Damages to be committed as aforesaid, and shall and may he sued and prosecuted for the same by Action of Trespass or otherwise: And if it shall appear that such Trespass or Damage was done by any of the Persons belonging to or emp’oyed in the Barge or other Vessel whereof such Person or Persons was or were Matter or Matters, Owner or Owners, such Matter or Matters, Owner or Owners, fit all be found guilty, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover his or their Damages thereby sustained, with his or their full Costs of Suit; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Officer and Officers, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, concerned in the Receipt of any of the Sums by this Act appropriated to the Uses aforesaid, before he or they shall be admitted to take upon him or them the Execution of any such Office or Offices, he or they shall be bound, with sufficient Sureties, to the said Commissioners and their Successors, for the jutt and faithful Execution of such Office or Empl oyment, in such Sum or Sums as by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall be thought fitting.

XL. And, forasmuch as the Money to be collected by the Receipt of the Rate*, 'Foils, or Duties, *4 granted by this Act, will not be sufficient for the speedy improving and completing of the said Naviga- gation, and other the Purposes of this- Aft Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, by any Writing tinder their Hands and Seals, to assign over the said Locks, Turnpikes, Toil-houses, Rates, Tolls, and Duties, arising by virtue of this Act, or any of them, or any Part of them, but without Prejudice to the Owners and Occupiers of Locks, Bucks, Weirs, and Winches, now in the said Rivers, or to the Tolls payable and to be paid in respect thereof, the Cotts, Charges, and Expences of assigning the same, to be born? and paid out of such Tolls or Duties, for any Time or Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by the said Commissioners, to such Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance and lend the same, to feeurc the Repayment thereof, with legal or less Intcrett.

XLI. Provided akvnvs, That no Money shall be borrowed by the said Commissioners on the Credit of any of the said Rates, Tolls, or Duties, after their first Meeting, unless Notice be for that Purpose given in the Oxford and Reading Newspapers, or in the London Gazette, and also fixed in Writing, under the Hand or Hands of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, at or upon all the Locks or Turnpike-gates then erected or made by virtue of this Act, at leatt twenty Days before the borrowing of such Money.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Treasurer or Treasurers, to be appointed as aforesaid, any Sum or Sums of Money, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of every such Contributor respectively, or the natural Li.'eof such other Person as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such respective Contributor at the Time of Payment of his or her respective Contribution-money; which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of ten Pounds per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum to be advanced and paid as aforesaid; and shall be payable and paid by the said Trca-lurer or Treasurers by Quarterly Payments in the Year; the frft of such Payments to begin and be made to the respective Purchasers and their Assigns, at the Expiration of the flrtt three Calendar Months next after Payment of his or her respective Purchase-mcncy: Which Annuities shall be publickly sold to the heft Bidder for the same, on twenty-one Days Notice thereof being firtt given in the Oxford and Reading Newspapers, or in the London Gazette, and a like Notice affixed upon such public Places as the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, shall direct; which Money so to be borrowed, either by Way by granting Annuities, shall not exceed the Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, and shall be

of Mortgage

applied

A.D. 177T. Anno undecimo Georgii III.

0:4.5. 271

applied and difoofeJ of as the kid Rates, Tolls, and Duties, are by this Act directed to be applied and dif* polM of, am 1 to n > other Ute or Puipoie whatsoever.

XLIII. Provi ed always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That such Sum and Sums of Proviso, Money as shall be raiLd by Annuities, in Manner herein mentioned, and applied to the Discharg» of the Money so borrowed upon the C edit of the said Tolls, and the Inteiuft for the lame, shall not be deemed or taken to be. any Par t of the said fifty thousand Pounds.

XLIV. And, f >r the better ascertaining and regulating the Payment of the said Annuities/ Be it fur- Annuities how* thir% ucted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, shall, to be paid, by V. ^rrains under their Hands and Seals (directed to such Pci son or Persons as shall be ch )fen and appointed Trcaiuieror Treasurers in Manner herein before mentioned), order and direct, from time to time, the several Qu.uic ly Payments of the said Annuities to the respective Proprietors, as the same fluli become due; which laid Treasurer or Treasurers is and are hereby required, upon Receipt of such Warrant or Warrant, forthwith to pay the same out of the iiift Monies which shall be in his or llvir Hand*, in pur-fjance of this Act i which Warrants shall be allowed in account to him or them on making up ins or tfnir Accounts.

XLV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and Entries tobtf-kept a Book or Books, in which shall be fairly written, in Words at Length, the Names and Surnames, kept, with the proper Additions and Places of Abode of all such Persons who shall be Purchaseis or any of the Annuities aforesaid, and of all Persons by whole I Ian Is the said Purchasers shall pay in any Sum or Sums of Money upm the Credit of this Act, and also the Sum and Sums so paid for the Purchase of such An-ruiy or Annuities, and the respective D tys of Payment thereof; and al o an Account of the Intent it that fii: 1 be piid to the said Annuitant or Annuitants, from time to time, and by whom received, to which Book and Books it shall be lawful for the said respeAii*.e Purchasers, their Lxccutois, Administrators, and Aligns, Agent or Agents, from time to time, and at all fcalonubie times, to have Recourse to/ and inspect the same, without Fee or Reward.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every of the Annuities so to Annoitlfs not' be purchased under and by virtue of this Act, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and lut jcc* to Land- payable, from time to time, out of the Monies arihng by virtue ol this Act; and all and every the Con- ta* or oihcr ’ trmjtorand Contributors upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Confederation or Pwchafe-money T-x*

Cr any Inch Annuities as aforesaid, or such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or tnur respective Assigns, Hull have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this Act, to have, receive, aiiJ enjoy (he said respective Annuity or Annuities, during the 'Perm of the natural Life of the Person to be nominated by each such Purchaser or Contributor as above mentioned; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and then Assigns respectively, shall have good, lure, abfdure, indefeasible penonai Kflaies, ami intcrefls in the Annuities so by them respectively purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said Annuities lh ill be 1 object and liab.e to the Tax charged upon Lands by Authority of Parliament, or to any other Parliamentary or Parochial Tax what* fewer.

XL\rII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor upon this Act for Rrf.;rtstobe the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Abigns upon Payment of given# the Conti Jeration or Purchase-m uvy for the same, or any Part or Proportion thereof, shall have one or more Receipt or Receipts from the Person or Persons receiving the same, importing the Receipt of so much Parch ale-money shall be lo paid; and upon Payment of the Remainder of such Pure hale-money, if any, every such Contributor, his or her Atligns respectively, shall have an Order on Parchment or Vellum for Pa>ro ?nt of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and during the Life of such Person as shall be nominated by fu n Contributor or Purchaser as aforesaid; which Order shall be signed by the said Commiiuoncis, or any eleven or more of them, at any Quarterly or Ordinary Meeting assembled; and alter ligning thereof, tiic fame lLall be firm, good, valiJ, and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning the 't of, and of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Alignment and Alignments so to be made AtTgr.mpnfs so anu grant.d by the said Commissioners, as aforesaid, shall he entered at Length in a ]v>ck or Books to be !v mrered in k~p: lor that Purpose by the said Clerk or Clerks, Trcifurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners; BooIc* ur.ah (..id Book or Books shall and may be seen and perused by any Person or Persons intcielicJ or concerned the in, without Fee or Reward.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons to whom any such Afcgnment Airgnmenti or Alignments shall be made by the said Commissioners, their Executors, Administrators or Aligns, shall m..y trans-and may, from time to time, by proper Words of Alignment to be indoifed on the Lack of a s, Iv r, 01 lured, their Security or Securities, or otherwise, assign or transfer his, her, or their Rig it to the PnncipJ and lr/c'eA Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons whomsoever; uhkh fa.U i ranker or Alignment shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Cle ks, Ike funr or Tica-fuicr* appointed, or to be appointed, by the said Commissioners, or any seven 01 m >re of thun, within fourteen Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Kntry or Memorial to be nunc of such. idignment or Fraiuftr, containing the Date, i>arties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be traiisflned in the said Book or Book* to be kept for entering the said original Alignments, for which the said Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers shall be paid the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after lu h Lntry made, such Assignment or Transfer shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, and their Exe-c >»o;> and Administrators, to the Benefit thereof and Payment theicon, and such Assignee may, in like Manner, assign again, and so toties quotia 5 and after such Notification it shall not be in the Power of such Person

272

Not to prejudice thf* jai ifdi<ftion of the City of London, &c.

Writings to be without Stamps*

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Frpences of paf-sing the Act how to be paid.

Fines, &c. how to be recovered.

Allowing Appeals to the Quar-ftr beiiions.

[Public Act.]

C. 45. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Person or Persons who shall have made such Alignments or Transfers to make void, release, or discharge the original Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

L. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to lake away any Rights, Jurisdiction, Power, or Authority of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, or any other Body Politic or Comorate, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, or to enable the Commissioners to erect Weirs, Locks, Turnpikes, or Toll-gates within the Liberties or Jurisdiction of the City of London.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judgement, Conviction, Warrant, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, or only signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, touching, concerning, or in the Execution of any Power or Authority hereby veiled in such Commissioners or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LII. And be it enacted and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought, or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced in the County or Place where the Cause of Action or Suit shall arise, and not elsewhere, and within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall accrue, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time before limited for bringing or commencing the same, or shall be brought or commenced in any other County or Place; then, and in such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if any Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

LIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Costs and Charges of obtaining this Act shall be oaid by the General Treasurer of the said Navigation, appointed, as herein before directed, out of the first Money that shall be paid into his Hands, in pursuance and according to the Directions of this Act, to Thomas Walker Esquire, Town Clerk of the City of Oxford, his Executors or Administrators, upon his or their producing to such Treasurer a Bill of Costs and Disbursements on account of pafHng this Act, signed by any seven of the said Commissioners, or their Certificate or Allowance thereof; and the said Treasurer of the said Navigation is required to pay the same accordingly on Sight of such Bill, Certificate, or Allowance, so as aforesaid signed; and the Receipts of the said Thomas Walker, his Executors or Administrators, shall be good and sufficient Vouchers to such Treasurer, and allowed in his Accounts for what he shall so, as aforesaid, pay to the said Thomas Walker, his Executors or Administrators, in pursuance of this Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, or by any Rules, Bye-laws, or Constitutions to be made by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, by the Authority thereof, the levying and recovering of which said Fines and Forfeitures are not herein before particularly directed, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County where the Offence shall be committed, for which such Fine or Forfeiture is inflicted; which said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to hear and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and determine the same; and may, according to his or their Discretion, mitigate any Fine or Forfeiture herein before allowed to be mitigated; and all such respective Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties by this Act imposed and inflicted, or au-ihorised to be imposed and inflicted, the Application whereof is not herein before particularly directed, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Receiver of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, and shall be applied and disposed of for the Use of the said Navigation, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LV. Provided always, That any Person or Persons thinking himself or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgement made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye-law, or Constitution of the said Commissioners, or by the Order or Determination of any of the said Commissioners, may, within three Calendar Months after such Order shall have been made, and Notice given, complain to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the said Counties oi Middlesex, Surry, Bucks, Berks, Oxford, or Hilts respectively, where the Cause of Appeal shall arise, and not elsewhere, who shall, in a summary W;*.y, either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General or Quarter Sessions, or if they think proper adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said Counties respectively; and if they fee Cause, may mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned, which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye-law, Order, or Determination, and may also order such further Satisfaction to the Party injured as they shall think reasonable.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a Public A cl; and Hull be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially

pleading the same.

CAP.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 46. 273

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for paving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex; for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and for widening the Passages at the West End of Chi [well-Street, and at the South End of Brick-Lanc, in the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, within the Preble.

Parish of Saint Luke in the County of Middlesex* particularly Chis veil street, the Lordship Part of

Gri b p.rect* Butihill-row* Brown-street* Featherstone-street* James-street* If hitecross-jhcet* Golden-lane* the South and North Sides of Old-fit eet, the haft Side of Goswell-fbeet* Blue Jack or A.Icy, and Playhouse- yard) are very iil-paved, and in a ruinous Condition, and the Passages thereof are greatly obstructed by

many Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And whereas the Passage through the West End of Chifwelt-

fin el is greatly obstructed by some old Houses or Buildings, (landing on the North and South Sides thereof, and projecting into the said Street; and the Passage through the South End of Brick-lane is obstructed by fever.J old Houses, or Buildings, (landing on the East Side thereof, and projecting into the said Lane: And whereas the better paving the said Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, and tke preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein for the future;

and the taking down the said old Houses and Buildings, at the West End of Chifw cl!-street* and the South End of Brick lane aforesaid, and the laying the Scire, or Ground whereon they (land, or of such Part thereof as dull be nc:cssary, into the Highway, will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Ir.habi- tnnrs of the said Parish, and of public Convenience; but as the same cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament ;* Ma\ it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and bz it enacted by the King’s must excellent Majesty, by and with (lie Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temp >ral,

a'.d Common?, in thL prtffint Parliament afllir, bled, and determined by the Authority of the same, That the Right Commission*! Honourable Thomas Haley* the Honourable Henry Lnwcs Li'ttcrell Esquire, Sir Robert Lailrokc Knight, N*o* «

Si r Charles Jh.itworth Knight, Ben low Trecctbick* Richard Oliver* John Glvnn* Inquires; the Reverend William Kicolls D. D. Rector of the said P.irish of Saint Luke \ Sir James EfJaile Knight, Samuel Whit bread* Cadwallader Coker, Benjamin Crtvicy* Edward Bond* Thomas Moore* Joseph Dickinson* I hid am Turner* Talent:ne Grim/had* John IGalford, Peter lifdaiie* John Su?/n\ sinkin Jones Lnior, Jen kin Jones j >r ior. Join Gainert* ITilham Seward, and John Jones* of IGhitecrcfs-fircet; Joseph Lycrtt, John Jenkinson,

// idiam l\afl* Esquires; Thomas Dennis* I/ ! Ilian: Caflott* Daniel Race* George Dance* Thomas Cecil* David Limn* I hid am f fitly* John Chippendale* 1 Gilliam Payne* George Bur rail* JGiHiam Meeds* Thomas Hick-fr.ar/ Gilliam M; Of man* Job Heath* John Cay* Alajor Haxby* Richard Bay ley* Jonathan Hitchcock* Samuel Safly* John Llis, George Roasley* Matthew IGitten* J Gilliam Rix* James Smith* James Efdaile* David (dwper* Edward AT Catty* CLades Moody* Benjamin BamfJey* Lewis Powell* Richard Grace* I Gilliam Spence* Francis Peek* Thcvtas Bennett* Thomas Romaitie* Harlan! Pinsworth* Ih Hi am Slater* the Rector of the Uid Parish of Saint Luke for the time being, and the Members for the County of Middlesex for the time, being, and their Succedors to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed CommissionKTs for puttirg this Act in Execution: And in case of the Death, Removal, or Re- How newonct fuial to act, of any of the said Comiv.iffiioners, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining tobcchoion. Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, by Wri:ing under their Hands and Seals, to elect another Person to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of the Commissioner so dying, lemming, or rcrufing to act, ten Dry* Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election being given, by affixing the same in Writing upon the principal Door of the Parish Church *of Saint Luke a*o*ciuid, and also by Advertisement in some or one of the public Newspapers 5 and every Person so clcfted shall he, and is hereby veiled with the same Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as the Person in whose Room he shall be elected, was vested with.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person so clewed Hi all be capable of acting r.s a Commissioner in Q^i^non rf the Execution of this Act, unless he shall have occupied Lands Tenements, or Ilercdiiaments, within (he Ccii.miil.or.cu, f-*d Parish, of the yearly Value of fifteen Pounds for seven Years preceding the Time of his acting, and h. til pa d to the Poors Rates for thr fame.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall sell Ale, Wine, or any Spirituous Liquors by k0Visual:<*rt« Retail, shall be c ipable of being ckfted a Commissioner under this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall meet i mi NT-eiiim of

at the Pilot: 7aver n in J! hitecrcfs-Jhret* on the second Ftiday next after the Day of the passing of this Act, Comu fiioocii*

and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall and may adjourn themselves, from time to time, to such Place or Places as the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper: And if Power to a4* at any Meeting lo appointed there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commiftrmers to act, or adjourn huro. ti> another Day, or in case the said Commissioners, so assembled, fhaM omit, neglect, or refuse to adjourn t. irr.iciiev, then, and in every such Case, any three of the said Commissioners, or the Clerk to the fail Cornu-liffiiners, ftull appoint a Meeting of the said Commissioners, to be held within ten Days after, at

tnr ijme PLce; ai.d public Notice thereof, in Writing, shall be given by the Clerk, by affixing fbc fame

on t ic principuLDuor of the Parish Church of Saint Luke aforesaid, six Days bclorc such adjourned

N n

V. An*

274 C. 46. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

No Order tlM

V. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Determination of the said Commissioners shall be valid unief* made at a unless the same shall be made at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act; nor shall any^ Commissioner, as No^CornrniHlo- aforesaid, be capable of aefting as such during the Time he shall enjoy any Place of Profir, by virtue of the r>cr to art «hilft Powers given by this Act, or have any Shaie or Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution thereof; nn^cr Contraft. and that the said Commissioners, at ail their Meetings, shall bear their own Expences.

r<'U.nr)ifTi \>n?rs

to be-ir tntir

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any nine or mo-e of them, shall and run E*pcntc>. nuiy, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, at their first or any subsequent Meeting held in pursuance ^oiat O/Bcers 0t Act, appoint one or more Treasurer or Treauirers, Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, and nclib. fuc^ olj)er Officer or Officers, for the Kxe< uMon of this Act, as they the said Commissioners or any nine or more of them, shall think proper, and from time'to time remove him or them, and appoint others, as they shall find necessary or convenient, and by and out of the Monies to b* raised by virtue of this Act, may, and are hereby impowered to pay such Salaries and Allowances to such Officers, and ro all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed in the Execution of this Act as they shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, (lnll take such Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices by such Person and Persons as aforesaid, as the said Commissioner*, or any nine or more of them, shall think proper; and such Person or Persons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the several Rates or Sums of Money hereby granted, shall pay the same to such Person cr Per for. s as shall from OfTrers to tc- Bme to time be appointed to collect and receive the same as herein after metvioned; and all such Officers count. and Persons so 10 be appointed as aforesaid shall, under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such

Manner as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall duet}, deliver to the iVid Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge, by virtue of this Act; and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively received, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appo;nt 5 and all the said Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid shall, upon Oath, if thereunto required, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them are hereby impowered and required to administer) verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer or Persons shall not mfike and render, or shall refute to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within ten Days after, being thereunto required by any seven or more of the said Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Commissioners respecting the said Books, Papers, and Writings, that then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, may, and are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Names of such Commissioners, or in the Names of any three or more of them, against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose of any such Refufid or Neglect as aforesaid, to any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, shall be and reside, such Justices may, and are hereby authorised and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before them, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way: And if, upon Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may, and are hereby authorised and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons offending in the Premises respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of diflnining and felling the same; or in case it shall appear to such Justices, by the Confeflioa of the said Party so offending, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath, that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, and he or they shall refuse to deliver the same as aforesaid, or to give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the common Gaol of the County or Place where such Offender shall be and reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint; which Composuron the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to make, and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them: Provided always, That no Person who shall be committed on Account of his having no Goods or Chattels, shall be detained in Prison for any Term longer than six Months.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 46. 275

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death of any such Officer, or other Person, to be ap-Representttiut

pointed as aforesaid, his Executors or Administrators shall, within twenty-one Days next after the Decease of Office* to ic. of such Officer or Person, deliver to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, an Account *ountand P*r * of the Monies collected, or received, by the Officer or Person so deceased, and shall also deliver all Books, other DcbV0 Pipers and Things, concerning his Office, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any

seven or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same; which Money, if any due, shall be paid by the Executors or Administrators of the Officer or Person so deceased, in preference to and before any of his or their ether Debts are paid or Satisfied.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, who, as Clerk, Surveyor, or any other Officer, ofiver* taking or Servant, shall be any ways employed by the said Commissioners in putting this Act, or any of the Powers

thereof, in Execution, shall exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Sal a- tbau ties. Allowances, and Rewards as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, for or on account of any Thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative to the putting this Act in Execution, or shall any ways be con- '

cerned in Intercil in any Bargain or Contract made, or to be made, by the said Commissioners, or any of them, for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execution, every such Person so offending shall be incapable of ever serving, or being employed under this Act; and shall over and above forfeit the Sum of one to te hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, ot -rd to or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, within six Calendar Months after the Offence committed; in which said Suit no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance,

shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the Property of Pigments, &c. aM the present and future Pavements whatsoever in the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, and Yard, herein- v,/*Ck1 ,n ^Jln' after mentioned 5 that is to say, In Chiswell-street, the Lordship Part of Grub-/lreet, Bunbili-roiv, Brown- ,onris*

jlretty Featherstone-street^ James-flrcet, Whitecrofe-jlrect, Golden-lane, the South and North Sides of Old-Jhcet, the Lad Side of Gofiucll-jlrect% Blue Anchor-alley, and Playhouse-yai d, and of all Materials, implements, and Things, which shall be purchased, provided, or made Use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall be, and the lame are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and they, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Names of any three or more of rhem, or in the Name of their Treasurer, or Clerk, or to prefer, or order and direct the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall (leal, purloin, take, carry away, spoil, injure, or dcilroy the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, or disturb them in the Possession thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have Commissioner* full Power and Authority, from time to time, to cause, order, and direct the said Streets, Row, Lane, c*use the Alley, and Yard, or any of them, to be paved, repaired, raised, sunk, or altered, when, and in such to Manner, as they shall think fit (except in Chifucell-Jlrect \ in the making of the Level of which Street, pa?c from the End of Bunbill-row to Moorfields, the Commissioners for paving shall give Notice to the Clerk of the Woiksof the City of London, and he and the Superintendant of the Commissioners for paving, appointed by this Act, shall ascertain and fix the Levels of such Parts of the said Street, as near as can be, for the Convenience of the New Buildings intended to be erected by the City of London, and the Convex nience of the other Freeholders in the said Street).

XI. Provided always, That the Pavements of the several Streets and Places called Chiswell-street, Particutir

11 hitecrrj\~jhect, and Golden-lane, shall be completed, previous to and bcfoic any other Street or Place, to $trec,s ln b« be paved by virtue of this Act, shall be begun to be paved. Fdvcd

XII. And be it further enacted, Tn?.t the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall also Power to employ have full Power and Authority to cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into the said Woi*mc», Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, and Yard, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, and to employ such Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, and to issue such Money on those Accounts, and

to do all and every such other Acts and T hings as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them,

shall judge necess.iry, or conducive to the accomplishing the Ends and Dcligns of this Act.

Xlift. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, may, CommiflLn-rs ard are hereby irrpDwered, from time to time, as Occefion shall require, to contract with any Person or may makcCwa-IVrfons for paving, and keeping in Repair, the said Streets, Row, Line, Alky, and Yard, or any of them; which Contract and Contracts shall fpceify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the funic, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be (offered in case of Non-petfcrmance thereof; and shall be signed determined by the said Commissioners, or any seven or n*orc of them, and determined by the Person or Persons cmitrDling to perlorm such Works; but previous to the making of any such Contract, ten Days Notice Hull be given in feme public Newspaper, exptefling the Intention of the inte nded Contract, in order that any Pci ton or Persons willing to undertake the same, rmy make Propofais for that Pu.pose, to be offered and preknted to the said Commissioners, at a cettuin T 1 me and Place in such Notice to be mentioned.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (lull, at any Time or T lines, obffl llifl, Perulty on r>b» hinder, or mokfl, any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Workmen, Person or Persons flrjcUng Woik-whatsoever, who are or Hull he employed by virtue of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of their nion»

1) rv; every such Person so offending shall, for the fiill Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shil- ngs; for the ferond Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of thiee Pounds.

276

Commissioners m»>.y fell old Puveme its,

Difoutes about Waircs to settled by Just cts.

Vavtrrentc Ken t iken tip so be felaid uiuW the JnfprtKion of the Surveyor,

Ccrnmifiloner^ to \e rrn*.bM: |.d th'ir Clinics,

OnuriPirr .;s n.a\ cpit'P': u"d f cr tlir r<! iymp lech ravcmuit.

C. 46. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the old Pavement?, or other Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the same, and to 2pply tho Purchase money for the Purposes of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise with respect to the Wages of such Pa-viors, Artificers, Workmen, or Labourers employed, it maybe settled by any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middleje a*, whose Award ill ail be final.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Part of the Pavement of the said ft reels. Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, shall b e taken up for the Purpose of making, repairing, altering, cl-aiding, or emptying any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, or of laying, altering, or amending any Water-pipe, or Plug, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, the Person or Persons so taking up such Pavement shall immediately give Notice thereof to the Surveyor, inspector, or Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, in order that the same may, with all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired, undrr tine Inipvction of the f.tid Surveyor, inspector, or Clerk; and the Charges and Expences thereof shall he paid determined by the said Commifloners; and they shall be reimburs.d the same ny the Person or Persons, Con p tme? ( f Water-work*’, or Commissioners of Sewers, \\ho shall take up, or cause 01 procure to be talo n up, the said Pavement, or any Par: or Parts thereof.

;viii.

Mr nies expended in relaymp the l'avement hovv to be recovered.

Fewer to raise or lower PipC3.

How the Watej> pipes, when brob;are to be

And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lid Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, from tin e to time, to compound and agree whh the said Companies, or Commissioners of Sewcis, or other Person or Persons respectively, for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot, or other Measure, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think rcalbnable, in lieu and in'dead of laying down or repairing such Pavement as shall be necessarily taken up for any of the Purposes aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons, Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively, shall neglect or refuse to pay what the said Commissioners shall have so paid and disbursed, or what shall be due upon such Contract or Composition as aforesaid, within ten Devs next after Notice thereof, to be left by the Surveyor or Clerk appointed, or to be appointed, by the said Commissioners, at the Divelling-house, or last Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Secretary or Secretaries, Clerk or Clerks of such Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively; which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and annexed to the Bill, containing an Account of the Expence of such Repair, or Money due upon such Composition; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said last mentioned Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money respectively; and in case such Person or Persons, hereby directed to give such Notice to the Surveyor or Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution as is before directed, shall neglect so to do for the Space of twenty-four Hours after such Pavement shall be so taken up, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if, for the Purposes of this Act, it shall at any Time be found necessary to raise, fink, or otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pipes or Plugs laid down or placed by the said Companies, or of any of the Leaden or other Pipes which shall be laid into or from any of the said Companies Pipes, which the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to cause to be done, as often, and in such Places, as they shall think proper; the same shall be paid for out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be done with as little Detriment or Inconvenience to the said Companies, and other Persons, as the Circumstance of the Case will admit of.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall happen that any Pipe or Pipes belonging to any Water Company shall break or burst in the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or inspector to the said Commissioners for the time being, or such other Person as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint for that Purpose, to give immediate Notice thereof to the Pavior of the Water Company to whom he apprehends such Pipe or Pipes does, or do, or may belong, and require him to take up the Pavement, and open :he Ground at or near the Place where the Water shall or may issue, by reaflm of such Pipe or Pipes breaking or bursting, within two (days next after such Notice given to such Pavior, or left at his LA or usual Place of Abode; and if upon taking up the Pavement, and opening the Ground, it shall apnear that the P’pe or Pipes so broke or burst do or doth not belong to the Wa;cr Company, whose Pavior shall have taken up such Pavement, and opened such Ground; that then, and in such Case, the Surveyor, Inspec-for, or other Person as aforesaid, shall give immediate Notice to the Pavior of that Company, to whom it shall appear that the said Pipe or Piprs door doth belong; such Notice to be given, or left with such Pavior, or at his Lit or usual Place of Abode, and the Pavior of the Company, to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong, is hereby required to repair the same, and fill in the Ground, within two Days after such Notice given, or left as aforesaid; and also within twenty-four Hours after such Pipe shall be repaired, and the Ground filled in, to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors controlling with the said Commissioners, or to the S irvryor, Impetflor, or other Person as aforesaid, of such Pipe or Pipes being repaired, and fudt Ground being filled in, such Notice to be given to such Contractor, Surveyor, Inspector, or other Person, or left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode; and in case it shall happen, that the Pavior who h;ft receives Notice to tike up the Pavement, and epen the*Ground, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall take up such Pavement, and open such Ground, apd it shall then be difeuvered that the Pipe or Pipes which is

are.

c.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 46. 277

are, or shall be burst or broke, doth or do not belong to the Company to whom he is Pavior; that then,

and in such Cale, the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes do or doth belong shall make Satisfaction to the Pavior who took up such Pavement, and opened such Ground, foi*such Work; and in case the Pavior, to whom such Notice shall be lo given to take up such Pavement, and open such Ground, fh ill mghct or n full* to o the same within two Days after Notice given as aforesaid, he shall, for the first OrPer.ce, forfeir and pay tha Sum of twenty bnillings; lot the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and fur ;hr third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds: And in case the Pavior of the Company, to whom such Pipe or Pipes lo broke or built shall belong, shall neglect or refuse to repair and a.T.r J tts Ihn c, and fill in tfe Ground so taken up, for the Space of two Days next after such Notice givt.ii, r shall neglect to give Ni tice to the Pavior or Faviors contracting with the said Commissioners, or t.) ti e Surveyor or Inspector to the said Commissioners, or to such other Persons as aforesaid; such Pavior fl ail, for il-e hrft Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum ot twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of lot tv Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds: And if the Per-f*»n or Pc. foils commoting with the said Commissioners to reh.y such Pavement so broke or taken up 'or the Reaf as aforesaid, fh. 1! neglect, orrefufeto icLy tuen Pavement in a good, sufficient, and effectual Man-11 r, within cwo D :ys af:er such No Pee given to him as aforesaid; 01 if the Surveyor, I.ffjKCtor, or o:her Lhrfon, to whom such Notice shall be given, shall neglect to acquaint the Contractor of such Notice; tiu-n, and in every such Cate, the Pci son or Pci Ions lo offending shall, for the fiiff Offence, forfeit and piy the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the thiid, anc every other Offence, the Sum of th;ee Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Paviors, or other Persons now ap- Prnalry on P.v-prin:cJ, or hereafter to be appointed, by the said several and respev.tive Water Companies, who shall have virr* t*f W\»ter ;my I’ipe or Pipes laid in, through, orunler, any of the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, shall, c.,’nJPinirs r,c‘ m J they are hereby required, within me Space of eight Days next af.er the first Meeting of the Commis- fh/jr N^rnrflmt-Loners to put this Act in Execution, or within the Space of three Days next after he Hull be appointed to ghees of Abode# roa:i;gc and take care of the Water-pipes belonging to such Company or Companies, to give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Clerk to the said Commissioners of his Name and Place of Abode, and to what Gonpany he belongs; and in case any such Person or Persons shall neglect or refule to give such Notice within the respective Times aforesaid, every such Person or Persons lo offending, in either of the said (hffl, for the first Offeree, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

XXLII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall make, or cause to be made, any P<rrromaltcr’rg Alteration in the Form of any of the Pavement or Pavements of the said Streets, Rov, Lane, Alley, or the Form of the Yard, or or any Part thereof, without the Content and Direction of the said Commissioners, or any leven l'JVC.mnir» to €.t m re of them, under their H inds and Seal*, upon Pain of forfeiting, lor every such Offence, the Sum of 5 fi-.e P 'tmiis, over and aluve all Expencea incurred, or to be incurred, in reinstating the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, Tmt it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commi/Ti mers, Course of Chm. or nnv Even or more of them, fresh time to tunc, to direct, and er ne the Course of any Gutter or Chan- ni-h may be all n*l, running in or through the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, or any of them, to be turned or tert'1* airerrj in such Manner as they flnll think proper; and to direct the Grates already placed, or hereafter to

be placed, over any Sewers, to be removed and replaced in such Manner, and at (ueh Place and Places, as they Ihffl think proper, so as the same be not prejudicial to the puoiic sewers; and the same shall, from t me to time, be done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, and paid for out of the Monies anting by virtue of this Act; any Law, Usage or Cuffcm to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as there shall be Occasion to make any new, Commissioner* cr to repair any Grate or Grates now being over any Sewer or Sewers, belonging to the Commissioners of <r Siw?rsto e-c-vers in the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, or any of them, the same fh.ffl be made new or "lA*and repair repaired determined by and at the Expence of the said Comnrfffiioners of Sewers; and the same, when so nude new or GrJ,-cs* repaired, shall be laid down in such Maimer as shall be directed by the Surveyor to the Commissioners for

purring this Aict in Execution.

XX. V’J. And be it further enacted, That when and so often ns any Sewer or Drain, which is or shall be Commissionerf order the Direction of the Commifdorers or Sewers, fituntc in, or communicating with the said Streets, of Sewers to re-P ow, Lane, Alky, or Yard, or any of them, (hiall rcq lire to oe repaired, cleankff, or emptied, the said p4V\rriy, tj ChTy iffnners of Sewers Avail, from tirty* to t;mrepair, clc.nfe, and en pty the same. Dmn*

XXVII. And be it further enacted, "(hat it ili.il and may he liwf.l to and for the said Commissioners n,w Sfwers ird-appointed by this Ac), or any nine or more of tram, if they (had trim: it necessary, to nuke, or cause to ^r<ltCJ *jV bc be made, any new public Sewer or Sewers, or public Duin or Drains, to communicate with the said rm-ictyffe Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, and Yard, or any of them, and all > any new Gr?te or Grates, over such C.mn fli nen Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, and to cause the Lme to rc placid in such ADr.ner as the Surveyor to for p>>v.n£, and the Lid Commissioners shall think proper - and the I xpei ns attending the making such new hewtr or j

Fiven, Drain or Drains, and Grate or Grates, shall be p ud out of the Mono- aiuing by virtue of this VrVitidU Act; and when Inch Sewer or Sewers Drain or Drain*, Gr..tc or Grates L. I ue made and compieud, Con urFr.ers-ti.e larr.c shall be under the Caic, Management, an ! Dirritmn of the Commmumers of Severs, in like Si.scis. J-Dnoer as the other Sewers now are; and the laL Co it, tfft Turner s of Severs Its. 1 cause such hewer or S ‘v*cr>. Drain or Drains, to be, from time to time, lor ever after repined, cirrmc.i, or emptied* and such Ci: rc or Grates to be, from time to time, nii.de new or kpaired, as Occasion shall require.

XX. \ III- And be it further enacted, That when and lo olren as it shall be mccff.ry (< r the fail Com- ifCvrrn;>. fi^ih.enas uf Sewers to do and periorm any of the Lvaal \\ erts herein befeic uiiccieJ to be dune by them, m-noi Srweri

ilo ajt putuim-

278 C. 4.6*

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Works to be done by them, Commissioners for paving may do them, and the Expence shall be paid by the former.

In what Case other Streets may be pared.

Separate Ac-cmi'its to be kept.

Penalty on driving Wheels, &c. on the Foot Pa, cments.

Time for emptying Bog-fa oufe*.

the Clerk to the Commissioners appointed by this Aci shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk to the Commissioners of Sewers, who shall thereupon forthwith summon the said Commissioners of Sewers to meet, to take the Prfemifes into Consideration (which they are hereby authorised and required to do) and at the same Meeting, or at any adjourned or other Meeting, to exercise the several Powers and Authorities with which they are or shall be inverted; and in case the said Commissioners of Sewers shall negieefcor refuse to meet by the Space of seven Days next after such Notice given, or being met, shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of ten Days then next, to send out a Jury to view the Place where such Work is thought necessary to be done; or if such Jury shall refuse or neglect to take such View, and make their Prefeiument thereupon; or in case the said Commissioners of Sewers shall, by the Space of twenty Days next after such Presentment made, neglect or relufe to cause the said Works to be done, if such Jury shall return or report the same necessary, and the said Works can be done and finished within that Time, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any nine or more of them, to cause such Works to be done and finished, the Charges and Expences whereof shall be paid by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, who shall be reimbursed the same by the Clerk or Treasurer for the time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers; 2nd in case the said Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners of Sewo/s shall neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so paid and disbursed, within sixty Days next after Notice thereof for that Purpose shall be left at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode of such Clcikor Treasurer, which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and annexed to the Bill, containing an Account of such Charges and Expences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name of their Clerk, against such Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners of Sewers, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any seven or more of them, shall have been so expended for any of the Purposes aforesaid; in which Action or Actions no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter Two-thirds or more of the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing and being in any Street, Lane, Court, Alley, Way, or other public Passage, within the said Parish, other than those herein, before particularly described, shall he desirous to take the Benefit of this Act, and to have the same better paved, and all Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein removed, and shall, by Writing under their Hands, signify such their Desire, and the Mode in which they would have the same done, and the Manner by which they propose to raise Money for those Purposes to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall approve thereof; then all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, and all the Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, and Provisions herein contained, shall extend and have Relation, as well to the said Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, as to the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, and Yard, herein before particularly mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the same had been herein before particularly inferred and directed to be paved 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall cause separate and diffindl Accounts to be kept of the paving the Lid respective Streets 2nd Places, and the repairing thereof, and the Rates and Al'idssmenis to be made for the same, and of all other the Purposes of this Act, so far as the same relate thereto.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall run, drive, draw, or cause to be run, driven, or drawn, on any Part of the Foot-pavements of the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, or any of them, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow’, or any Carriage \vha:soever; ev* ry such Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit, for the first Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings; for he second Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall come with any Cart or Carts, or begin to empty any Boghouse or Boghouses, or to take away any Night-foil from any House or Houses within any of the Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, within the said Parish, before the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Night, or shall continue ro take away the same after the Hour of Five of the Clock in the Morning *, or if any Person shall put or caff, or cause to be put or caff, out of any Cart, Tub, or otherwise, in or near any of the Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Paffiges, within the said Parin’!, any such Night-foil; it shall and may be lawful to and for any Constable, Beadle, or Watchman (and they are hereby (I: icily required and directed so to do) or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to apprehend, and to carry him or them guilty of either of the said Offences, to any one of the Watch houses of the said Parish of Saint Luke, and from thence, as soon as conveniently may be, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Alldtllrjex, who, upon Oath made of such Offence or Offences as aforesaid (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) shall and may commit such Person or Persons, guilty of any of the said Offences, to the House of Correction for the said County, for any Time not exceeding two Months, nor less than fourteen Days, there to be kept to hard Labour; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to order any Sum, not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, to be paid to the Person who shall dctcdl, apprehend, and convey before any such Justice or J11 slices, any such Person or Persons, guilty as aforesaid, to be paid out of the Rates to be raided by virtue of this Act.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 4.6.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tli3t it shall and may be lawful for any Pern u v r ;>eil ni;rayi*ct Person* to erect or set lip, or cause to be erected or lit up, in any of the hid Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, up h jrd* for 2nd Yard, any Inclosures, Polls, Dais, or Rails, or other Matter or Thug for the Purpose of m king ng of Mor-Mor^ar, and depositing Bricks, Lime, or other Materials, for hiilJirg 1. pairing any Houses, Building;, "V1*

or other Works, every such Person or Persons, first chaining Leave uruLr the Hand of the Surveyor or ^min^onas Cleric to the LiJ Commissioners for those Purposes respectively, which he is hereby impowered by their Permission to give; but if any Person or Persons shall cr and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, a»nv such Inclosures, Polls, Bars, or Rail?, or any oilier iMatrer or Thing for the Purposes aforesaid, without ideh Leave firA had and obtained, every such Person An I, for every fuc'i O Ac nee, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor leB than five Shillings, for every Hour such Inclosure, Matter, or Thing as aforesaid, shall remain ami continue.

XXX. iV. And be it further enacted, Th.it no Person or Persons whatsoever shall firt, throw, caA, or ofljy

lav, or cause, permit, or suffer to be firted, thrown, c;»A, or laid, any Aih?% DuA, D;rt, Soil, or other !ng A/he*’ &c‘ Pilch whatsoever, before any Dwelling-home, Snop, Stable, Building, or Wall, in any of the Streets, imo 1 l,cet* Danes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public PafiMes, within me fa d Parish; hut shall keep, or cause the lame to be k.pt, in their respectvc Houses or Yards, until Bach Time as the Pci foil or Persons contracted with or employed to cany away such Allies, Dulf, Hi t, Filth, or Soil, do come by or near their Houses, Doors, or Places where they dwell, with a Cart or Ca ts, or oilier Convenlemies, for carrying away the same, upon Pain of forfeiting, for the firA Offi nee, tnu Sum of five Shilling?; for the flcond Cn.nce, the Sum of ten Shillings; and for the third, and every ether Oficiice, the Sum of twenty Shil-l"g

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons inhabiting within the said Font, ways to be Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, shall, from and after the fiiA Meeting of the LommiAioners for f*cpt. putting this Act in Execution, fwccp and clean, or cause to be swept and clranfe), the Foot-paths before

their respective Houses, Buildings, and Walls, once in every Day, between the Hours of Nine and Twelve in the Forenoon (Sundays excepted} upon Pain of forfeiting twenty Shillings for every Neglect therein.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, may Houseitobe order and direct the Houses within the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, and Yard, or any of them, to be numbered, ice. numbered with Figures, placed or painted over the Doors thereof, or on such other Part of the said Houses respectively, as they the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper; and may

alto order and direct to be engraver!, painted, or otherwise described, on a conspicuous Part of some House, or other Building, at or near the End or Corner of each Street, Row, Lane, Alley, and Yard respectively, the Name by which such respective Street, Row, Lane, Alley, and Yard, is usually or properly called or known: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be d me, and shall be convicted thereof, by his or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more cre-cicde Witness or Witnesses, before one or more JuAice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middle-yV.r, which Oath such JuAice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to adminster, every such Person so cr^nd.ng Anil, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner?, or ar.y seven or more of them, shall Signs, a*, to and may ccufe all Trees, Signs, Sign-poAs, Sign-irons, Dyers, Scourer.', and Barbers Poles, or any bsrcin#vcJ# other Poles, Perches, Pent-houses, Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, projecting into or over the said Streets,

Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, or any of them, and all other Incroachments, Projections, or Annoyances whatsoever therein, to betaken down ami removed; and shall cause all Signs, Sign-boards, and Gutters,

10 be affixed and placed close to or on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, WarehouRs, cr Buildings where-vinto they respectively belong, or otherwise, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them,

shall think proper and convenient; and shall return, or cause to be returned, to the relptrflive Owners, all cr so much of such Signs, SigrvpoAs, Poles Sign irons, Boarvis Spouts, and Gutters, as (h ill not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made use of in the Alterations directed by the said Commissioners, in punu-ance of this Act: And that for the future all Signs, Sign-boards, and Gutters, {h ill be placed and fixed ciofc to or on the Fronts of the H >uses, Shops, Warehouses, or Building?, to which they rdpciftively belong, and not otherwise; and if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time iureafer, hang, place, ereci, or buiid, any Sign, Sign-poA, or other PoA, Sign-iron, Pole, Penthouse, Bond, Spcut, Gutter, or other Projection, Obstruction, or Annoyance whatsoever, or cause the same to be done, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every Person so oAending shall, for every such Offence, toifcit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings; and also the further Sum of five Shillings for every Hour the same shall continue.

XXXVIII. Ar.d whereas the said Streets, Row, Lane, Aliev, and Yard, are in feme Parts thereof $, f greatly obftuicied, and made dangerous to Foot-passengers, determined by Steps being brought out from Houics,'ion*. Arc. to be- Step* and Doors going down into Cellars, Vaults, and other Plates, and by Shcvv-glafi. s, Shew-boards, removed,

and other Matters or Thinys projecting from Shops or Houses over and beyond the Ar*a belonging to f ich I Ioufcs, or into the root-ways ;* Be it therefore further cna:icd, "That fro n ami after the p thing of thi* Alt, all such Smps projecting into the Foot ways of the said Strec's, Row, bane. Alley., and \ ard,

- nJ a, I Steps and Doors going down out of the Foot-ways into any Cellars, V uts, or other Places, as 1 .*c a 1V all Shew-gULs or Shew-boards projecting over and beyond the Areas, or into the Foot-ways, inJ n)1 and every other Matters or Things which Jo, or fh til caulc or occasion any Nuisance, Annoy a ce, ia^ru-.bment, or Obiiruction, in the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, and Yard, cr any of them, cither

280 C. 46.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

in the Foot or Carriage-way thereof, shall be from time to time removed, fixed, placed, or altered, in such Manner and Form as shal) be approved of by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or their Surveyor, by their Direction, and shall be paid for out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act.

Extra Rates may ‘

XXXIX. And, for defraying the Charges and Expences attending the Execution of the several Powers

ere3YclrKC n C ky this Act granted,* Be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, a Rate, or Af-ry car, feflment (over and above all Rates and Assessments now payable) shall, twice in every Year, or oftener, if it shall be thought needful by the said Commissioners, or any nine or mere of them, be made, laid, and affected by the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, possess, or enjoy any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenements or Hereditaments, within tin* said Streets, Row, and Lane, called Ch{fiu£;l-street, the Lordship Part of Grub-street, Bunhill-row, Whitecross-street, and Golden-lane^ for raising f:ch competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall from time to time think needful and direct, so as such Rate or Assessment, Rates and Assessments, do not in any one Year exceed, in the Whole, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound, of the yearly Rents, or yearly Value of such of the said Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, as shall be situate in any of the said Streets, Row, or Lane, aforesaid, the greater Part or Parts of which said Streets, Row, or Lane aforesaid respectively, shall he actually begun to be paved with new or other Stones, of a flat Surface, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act: And nptexceeling the Sum of two Shillings in the Pound of the yearly Kmts, or yearly Value of such of the said Lands, ITufcs, bhops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, as shall be situate in the said Streets called Broivn-jh eety Feather/! one-jl reef % and James jlrect^ which shall be actually begun to be new-paved, the Foot-ways whereof shall be conflrucbvi with new or flat Stones, and the Carriage-ways thereof with sized Pebbles and old Stones, which shall be taken up in the same, or in any other of the Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, by virtue or in purfiiar.ee of this Act: And not exceeding the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound of the yearly Rems or veaily Value of such of the Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements or Hereditaments reflectively, as shall be situate on the South and North Sides of Gld-Jirect, and the East Side of GojiveH-Jit cety which shall be actually begun to be new-paved; the Foot-ways whereof only shall be paved with Pmbcck Squares: And not exceeding the Sum of one Shilling in the Pound of the yearly Rents, or yearly Value of such of the Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, as shall be situate in the said Alley and Yard called Bine Anchor*alley and FL^lryfc-yard, which fhr.il be actually begun to be new-paved; the Foot-ways whereof shall be paved with PuiKck Squares, and the Carriageways with sized Pebbles, or old Stones, which shall be taken up in the same, or any other of the said

Ho<irfs adjoining to ihc Streets, < ho a to be rated. (

Streets, Row, or Lane, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XL. And whereas several Houses, Warehouses, or other Buildings in the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, are partly fituare within the same, and are partly situate in, or are adjoining to, or abutting upon other Streets, Lanes, Ways, or Paffrgcs, which are not within or Part of the aforesaid Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, and the Occupiers of such Houses, Warthouses, or other Bui Lings, by Carriages having Access to their Premises, will greatly wear the Pavements intended to be paveJ by vir- tuc of this Act, by such Carriages coming to and going from their laid Ho ifes, V/aichouses, or other Buildings; and such Houses, Warehouses, or other Buildings, are or may be obliged to pave the Lid other

Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, and other Places, or may be subject to be rated and tax d towards the

c paving or repairing the same:* Be it therefore further enacted, That such Houses, Warehouses, or other Buildings, which now are, or hereafter shall be lo situate, shall only be rated and taxed for the Purpose aforesaid, 2t such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, fbcil think reasonftfle, not exceeding Two-thirds of the Rate they would have been rated and taxed at, if such Houses, Warehouses, or other Buildings, had stood wholly within the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard.

H-left’s let euftn

XLL. And whereas many Houses within the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, are by the

Tenements, how several Owners or Proprietors thereof let out in Lodgings to diveis Tenants, whereby it will be chrncult

to be rated. < to recover inch Rare* and Assessments when made ft For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That it

shall and may he laws ul to and for the said Commissioners or any nine or more of them, to rate and attefs the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Tenements as lh ill be let to, or occupied by two or more Tenants, which Rate and Aflftfment shall be paid by one or moie of the Tenants or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses; and in case any Occupier or Occupiers of any Pait of fuc h Houtts or Tenements shall refuse to pav the same, then the said Rate and Assessment shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of him, her, or them, so refusing to pay the same; and such Occupier or Occupiers of such Tenements re'pcftive’v is and are hereby required and authoris d to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so rated or allotted on the Owner or Owners of such Houses in pursuance of this Act, and to de Just the same out of their Rent; and the Owner or Owne s, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments, upon Receipt of the RoTtdue of their Rents; and every such Tenant, paying such Rate or Rates, Afiiflment or Assessments, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from so much Money as the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Aflcttmenrs, ih ill amount unto, as if tli e fame had been actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rent would have been, or shall be due and payable.

Unten#nted

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that any of the Lands, House*, Shops, Houses, how to Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, or any Part or Parts thereof, within the said Streets, ke '‘ted- Kovv,

281

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 46.

Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, or any of them, shall, at the Time of the making of any of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied; thut then, and in every such Case, One-halt Part of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Asscflments, shall be paid by the Owners or Proprietors of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements; and in case of Non-payment thereof, such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Vaults, Cellars, or other Tenements shall be, and the same are hereby made a Security for, and chargeable with such Rate or Rates, Affcssment or Assessments.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or Dead Wall*, any nine or more of them, and they are hereby required, at such Times as the Rates hereby directed to be how to be made, shall be made, to rate all dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground adjoining to the said Streets, Row, rtted#

Lane, Alley, and Yard, at such Kate as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall judge reasonable, for every square Yard in the Front or Fronts of the said dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, measuring to the Middle of the Street or Place, not exceeding the Rate of Twelvepence per Yard, super-fici.il Measure.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Rates, made by virtue of this Act, shall be allowed and Method of Ri-signed by two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County of Middlesex, who are hereby impowered covtr) cl All*';S» and required to grant a Warrant or Warrants for collecting and levying the same; and the said Rates, after the same shall be so allowed and signed by the said Justices, shall be collected quarterly by such Person and Persons as shall be appointed to collect the same, in Manner herein after mentioned; and if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they, shall be rated or assessed, for the Space often Days after Demand made thereof in Writing, or left at the Place of Abode or Occupation of such Person or Persons; then, and in every such Case, it mall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting to pay the same; and in case no such Goods or Chattels can be found to be so distrained, or in case such Goods and Chattels shall be locked up, secured, or removed, so that he or they cannot distrain the same, then, and in either of the said cases, upon Information thereof given to any two Justices of the Peace for the said County, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required to commit the Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to remain without Bftl or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding the Space of one Month, or until Payment of such Rate or Assessment, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who shall have been rated and assessed person$ re^v-by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Shop, Vault, Cellar, or ing without pay-T enemcnf, whereupon such Rate or Assessment has been made, before he, she, or they, shall have paid ing the Rates, the same, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the same when due and demanded by the Person or Persons au- how the, jmc to thorised and appointed to collect and receive the same; that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may *recovered# be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, and every or any of them, by Warrant under the H ands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant; or out of the Limits thereof, such Warrant being first backed, or countersigned by some Magistrate in the County, City, or Liberty where the Distress is to be made, to didrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, and the same to fell, rendering the Overplus (if any such shall be) after deducting the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, upon his or her demanding the same

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of Tenant* to piy Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements in the said Streets, Row, Lane, R^,^, v. Aiiey, and Yard, is and are hereby required and authorised to pay all and every the Sum and Sums of Mo- duel tho fame n y which shall be rated or aflcfTed on the Owner or Owners of Inch Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, ®l,t ot :nc,r Ce.lars, or other Tenements, by virtue of this Act, and to deduct the tame out of their Rent; and the Kcalu Ow ner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, fh;dl, and they are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments, upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and every such Tenant paying such Rate or Rates, AdelFment or Assessments, shall be, an 1 they are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much Money as the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Aflftiments shall amount unto, a; if the

f Tie had bcc*n actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rent would have been, or fr:’ 1 he due and payable.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it fhPl aiH may be lawful to and for the (hid Comm'dlorcr* Commidinners, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, to compound with the Owner 01 Own- n^y anupound f 3, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any House or Houses within the said Stice;% Row, Lino, Alley, or Y*r J, the annual Rent or Value whereof shall be under eight Pounds, f r the Ra*e or Adcdmcm by this St*

Act authorised to be laid upon such House or Houses, so a* in liKh Compulsion there be not remitted to;

any tuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors reflectively, more than One third of the Rate or Assdl riuit authorised by this Act to be laid upon such House or Houses respectively.

XLVaII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Peiloii or Persons paying the Rates and Aflc.T- p-rfon* pa>*ng‘ mints by this Act made, shall be, and they are hereby exempted and discharged from all other Cnirges and the to

Lx pc rices of paving the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, or any Part or Parts thereof, and all be lubjv.t to juy ©-r.cr Strerts, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, an 1 other public Railages within the said P.uifh; and ;dfo K,'LC |yr

from all Penalties which rruy or might be incurred by reason or means of their neglecting to pave the same; pavlfl*'

ai.v Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

282 C. 46.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Cpn*ra£}s l>«?-

twcc-ii landlord and reliant, not to be a fie tied.

Owner* dif.

XLIX. And whereas Provisions may have been formeily made by some Act or Acts of Parliament for

charged fium paving, or keeping in Repair, the lad Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, an 1 Yard, or some P.rt or Parts a.iy io*.T.erAfts thereof,* Be it therefore further er.ailed. That when and as soon as any Raieor Mil-Ament shall be made, for laid, or assessed, on the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, Houses, Shops Warehouses, Ce.lars, Vaults,

or other Tenements, by virtue of this Act, such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall he no longer liable to be charged to any Kate or A 111 Ament for and on account of such Lanes, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, by virtue or in pursuance of such former Act or Acts, or any of them.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed, or taken to make void any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and Tenant, touching or concerning the paving the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, or any Part thereof, but that every Person who is now, by virtue of any such Contract or Agreement, obiiged to pave, and keep in Repair, any Part of the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, shall, in lieu thereof, be o d ged to puy the Rates hereby directed to be made and aticlTed, or so much thereof as shall, by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, he dcenied jalb and reasonable, according to the true Meaning of such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during such Time as such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, shall remain in Force; and in case any Dispute mall arise concerning such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, 01 any seven or more of them, shall have Power, and they are hereby required to hear, and finally determine the same.

LI. And be it further enacted, That where any Part or Parts of the Pavements of the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, hath or have been accustomed, or ought to be paved an i repaired by any particular Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and not by the Owners or Occupiers of the Houses, or other Buildings adjoining to the Pavement of the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, the same shall be paved and repaired at the Expence of the respective Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, by the Pavior or Paviors contracting with or employed by the said Commissioners.

LII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven wnhiucbPaTfli or more l^em* ffom time to time, to compound and agree for the same with any such Panfli or Parishes, wj in a a. or g0(jjcs politic. Corporate, or Collegiate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot, or other Measure, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think reasonable.

Power to botrow 4

LIII. And for the more effectually enabling the said Commissioners to execute the Purposes of this Act

Parises Vc,

liable to trie Rtpair of any Part of the Pavements, to continue so.

Commissioner*

Money.

Money may be kc rr >*cd on Annuilic*.

Secnruy to be ento'-eo in a Book.

in the most expeditious Manner/ It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissionei s, or any nine or more of them, and they are hereby impowered from time to time, when they shall judge it necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to borrow, and take up at Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be made, and payable by virtue of this Act, and by any Writing or Writings upon Vellum or Parchment without Stamps, signed by them, to af-sign over the said Rates or Assessments to any such Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money thereon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with Interest for the same; which Interest shall be payable., and paid half-yearly, by the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners for the time being, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates or Assessments.

LIV. And whereas many Persons may chuse to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities, to be secured upon, and payable out of, the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act ;* Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, any Sum or Sums of Money, for the Purposes of this Act, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of such Person or Persons, being of the Age of forty-five Years or upwards, as shall be nominated by, or on the Behalf of such respective Contributors, at the Time of Payment of their respective Contribution-monies; which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of nine Pounds per Centum per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion for any gieateror lei's Sum, to be advanced and paid as aforesaid; all which Annuities so to be purchakd, shall be payable and paid by the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, out of the Monies to arile by or from the said Rates and Aflillments, by quarterly Payments; the first Payment to be made to the respective Purchasers, or their Assigns, at the Expiration of three Months after Payment of their respective Purchase-monies; the Rate whereof shall be settled and adjusted by a public Sale of the said Annuities, by the said Commissioners, to the best Bidder for the same; and that the total Sums to be borrowed on Life Annuities, or at Interest, shall not exceed in the whole the Sum of twelve thou fend Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being, shall enter in a Book or Books, to be for that Purpose provided and kept by the said Commissioners, all Securities for Monies borrowed, or Annuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and all Alignments or 7>amfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Naims, Surnames, Additions, Pfeces of Abode, and other Descriptions of all such Persons as shall, from time to time, be intitled to such Securities, and the Sums received upon such Securities; and also the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions of the Persons for whose Lives the said Annuities shall be respectively granted, and the Days whereon the said Annuities shall respectively be payable, to which Book and Books, the Person and Persons intitled to, and po fie lied of such Annuities, and all and every the Person and Persons, liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments, shall, at all seasonable Times, have Accel's, with free Liberty to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 46. 283

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased under Anm-me, and by virtue of this Act, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from time chargeable oa to ti.i.e, out of the M nies arising by the Rates and Alflllinents as aforesaid; and all and every the Con-Ra'-es. tributor and Contributors, upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase money at the Rate aforesaid, for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be imitled, by virtue of this Act, to have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased out of the said Rates or Assessments by this Act appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to be nominated by each of such Purchaser or Contributor as before mentioned; and th.it all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have gotd, lure, absolute, and indefeasible Estates and interests in the Annuity or Annuities so by him, her, or them respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this A cl; and that none of the said Annuities shall now or hereafter be subject or liable to the Tax charged, or to be charged upon LanJ, by Authority of Parliament; and that every Contributor upon this Act, for the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase money, shall have a Receipt or Receipts for the same, and also an Order on Parchment, which may be made without any Stamp, for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and during the natural Life of the Person who shall be so nominated as aforesaid, by quarterly Payments; which Older Hull bo signed by the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them; and after signing thereof, the same 111 all be firm, valid, and of good Effect in the Law, according to the true Purport and Meaning of this Act.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for any Person or Persons in- SreurVe* mij titled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at be any time or times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to assign such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and (oteties quotes; and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Orders and Alignments shall be made in the Cook to be kept as herein before mentioned, at the Charge of the said Commissioners for which Entry or Memorandum two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and no more; and no such Alignment shall be deemed valid, unless such Memorandum or Entry shall be first made as aforesaid.

LVIII. Provided always, That as such Annuitant or Annuitants shall die off, and such Rates or Af-Rtt, to s« felTments can he lowered and reduced, the same shall be so done in equal Proportions, from time to time, lowered in eqnd as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall order and direct. Proportions,

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Monies raised or collected by virtue or by means, or under the Montes veiled in Authority of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners; and all Monies the Commif-raised or collected by virtue of this Act shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other CoDers*

Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of procuring and France of the passing this Act shall he paid out of the first Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act. Ai{ *ob=fi»ft

LXl. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioneri, or pi,d* any seven or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against Commissioneri whom the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall bring, or cause to be brought, any J^rVcnahisj^ Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Conti aft or Contracts c 1 > hereafter to be entered into, on account of any Breach of or Non-performance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper; and also to mitigate, compound, or Icfien any other of the Forfeitures incurred under this Act, so as the Sums so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage fufhined by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contraft or Contrafts, and all the Colts, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby, and so as the Mitigation of the other Forfeitures as aforesaid do not extend to icmit above ore Moiety of the said Forfeitures respectively.

c LXIL And whereas the Passage through the West End of Chiswell-firect is greatly obstructed by some old Houses or Buildings (landing on the North and South Sides thereof, and projecting into the said the Wut i-n^ of Street, and the removing the same, and laying the Scite or Ground thereof into the common Highway, Chuweii-futvt,

will be of public Convenience Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and h?'v bc for the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, and they are hereby impowered, as focn ns con- *l <ar ver.iemly may be after the passing of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the O wher or Owners*

Occupier or Occupiers for the Purchase of the said Houses or Buildings, or such Parts or lo much thereof as they shall think necessary lor making the said West End of the said btrect of a sufficient Width, and for the Scite or Ground thereof, and their Interest therein, for such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers,

shall agree upon: And in case any Dispute or Difference shall nrife between the said Commissioners and tXIV.cs be-such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, respecting such Purchase or Purchases, the same shall be ?wrcn Co-n.Mf-ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of twelve indifferent Men of the County of M'uLUtsex\ which lion;', In'1 f

Ouhs any seven or more of the Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer: And the said Com- fr,"',ud I V missioners, or any nine or more of them, are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, as they jurf*‘u shall fee Occasion, to iifuc a Notice in Writing, under the Hands of any nine or more of them, to the Sheriff of and for the County of Middle ft a*, thereby requiring him, or his Deputy, to return to the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, at such "Lime and Place as shall be cxprofil'd in such Notice, an indifferent Jury of twenty-four Persons; and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall, at such Time and Place, (wear, or cause to be (worn, twelve of tire said twenty-four, who

C.

284

Fin* § may be

i»r;--otfd byConrj-misti >ners on the Sheuff, &c. making Default i»the Piemilea 3

md remove Bulks, dec. ob-flrufting free Paflagcv.

The Psflage at the South End of R. ?ck*lane to videoed.

Croond not used may be lwld.

C. 46. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

shall be drawn by Ballot, by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being; which twelve shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall order such Jury to view the Places in question, if there be Occasion; and after the Jury shall have inquired, ascertained, and settled the Recommence and Satisfaction to be made to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers aforesaid, they the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall adjudge and order the Sum or Sums of Money so ascertained by the Jury to be paid to the said Owners, or other Persons interested in such Houses or Buildings, and Ground, out of the aforesaid Rates and Assessments; which said Verdict or Inquisition, Judgement or Order, shall be final to all Intents and Purposes against all Parties and Persons; and all such Owners shall, upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money so ascertained as aforesaid, bt thereby from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Property, Right, Title, interest, or Claim, in or upon the same: And in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy, shall return other honest and indifferent Persons of the Standers*by, or that can be speedily pro-' cured to attend that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall havd their lawful Challenges against the said Jurymen: And the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall have full Powder, from time to time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, or his Deputy, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear; or who shall in any ot|jer Manner neglect their Duty, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act; or on any Persons who, being required to give Evidence be-> fore such Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence; so as no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of five Pounds upon any Person for one Offence: And the said5 Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, are hereby further impowered to summon or call before stich Jury, and examine upon Oath, all Persons who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as Witnesses touching the Premises; which Oath the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer: And it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, to take down the said Houses or Buildings, and to lay the Scite, or Ground* thereof, or of such Part thereof as they the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall think proper, into the Street or Highway; and the Expences attending the same shall be paid by the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, out of the aforesaid Rates or Assessments; and the said Scite of Ground shall for ever after be deemed a public and common Highway: And also it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, to take down all Bulks, Sheds, and Stalls, which shall obstruct the free P?tflage of the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, and Yard, and to lay the Scite, or Ground thereof, or of such Part thereof as they shall think proper, into the Street or Highway, paying to the Owners or Occupiers thereof such Recompence for the same as shall be agreed upon between them and the said Commissioners; and in case they cannot agree, such Sum of Money as shall be ascertained by the Verdict of a Jury as aforesaid.

LXIII. And whereas the Passage through the South End of Brick-lane is greatly obstructed by some old Houses or Buildings (landing on the East Side thereof, and projecting into the said Lane, and the re-' moving the same, and laying the Scite or Ground whereon they stand into the common Highway, would be of public Convenience;* Be it therefore further enacted, That when the Owners or Proprietors of the Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in a certain Lane called Golden-lane, or the Occupiers thereof, or any of them, or any Person or Persons, shall have raised a sufficient Sum of Money for the Purchase of such Houses or Buildings, and the Scite or Ground whereon they stand, in Brick-lane aforesaid, it shall be lawful for them, or any of them, to pay the same to the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, or, by their Order, to their Treasurer: And in case the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall think the said Sum of Money sufficient for that PuTpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, and they are hereby impowered to treat, contract, and agree with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers for the Purchase of the said Houses or Buildings in Brick-lane aforesaid, or such Parts thereof, or so much thereof, as the£ shall think necessary for making the said South End of Brick-lane of a sufficient Width, and for the Scite or Ground whereon the same stand, and their interest therein, for such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall agree upon: And in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise between the said Commissioners and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, respecting such Purchase or Purchases, the same shall be determined by a Jury; and the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall pursue such and the same Means and Methods for becoming possessed thereof as are herein before prefief ibed with respect to the purchasing and becoming possessed of the Houses and Buildings in Chiswell-street aforesaid: And the Money to be paid for such Purchase, and the Expences attending the same, shall be* paid out of the Sum of Money herein before mentioned to be raised by the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Golden lane, or the Occupiers thereof, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid: And it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, to take down the said Houses and Buildings, and to lay the Scite or Ground thereof, or of such Part thereof as they shall think proper, into the Street or Highway; and the same shall for ever after be deemed a public' and common Highway.

LXIV. And whereas, in the purchasing of Houses or Buildings, the said Commissioners may become1 possessed of more Land than may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act j* Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, to sell and dispose of such Part of the Land they shall so purchase, which they shall not think neceflkry to be" used for the Purposes of this Act \ and the Sale or Conveyance thereof*, being inrolled with the Clerk of the

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 46; 285

the Peace for the County of Middlesex, shall be good and valid in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXV. And whores it may happen that some Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Bodies Politic,

Ag-. 1 gate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, or others, are or may be seised or possess'ed of Houses, Sheds,&c. impowered Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which may be necessary to be purchased for the Purposes t0 of this Act, and such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggie- gate or Sole, or Feoffees, may be willing to treat and agree for the Sale of such Houses, Sheds, Buiid- mgs, Lands, or Hereditaments, but may be incapable of granting or conveying the same, by reason of Infancy or other Disability;’ Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust,

Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, or other Trustees whatsoever, foi or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Ccftuique Trusts, and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who aie or shall be seised, pofliffed of, or interested in, any such Houses, Sheds, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, to treat, contr.tfi, and agree with the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, for the Purchase of such Houses, Sheds, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, or any Parc or Parts thereof, or for their Interest therein, for the Purpose arorchii'd, and to tell and convey the lame as Occasion shall be and require; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, winch shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And ali Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, and Traces, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in purlurmcc of this Act.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further ensiled. That no Person shall ail as a Commissioner in any NoCommif-Case renting to the contracting for or purchasing any Houses, Sheds, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, fionertoaft whe.ein he shall be personally concerned in Intend. where interest>

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to act as a Justice of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding wh"TrVjurtice* his being herein or hereby appointed a Commiluoner to put this Act in Execution may as such*

LXVIII. And whereas the City of London hath lately paved a common Highway in Fin/lury^fronting For keeping the jllo0rfields, from Ropemakers-alley to the End of ChifwelUjlreet \ now, in order to keep the said Pavement Street in FIni-in good and effectual Repair, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of bury in Repair* them, shall, from time to time, rate and afiefs the several Tenants and Occupiers of the Houses fro«iiii»& the said Pavement, or adjoining thereto, at such annual Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall think proper, so as such Rate or Assessment doth not exceed in the whole the Sum of one Shilling in the Pound of the yearly Rent or Value of such Houses; and the same shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Rates and Assessments to be made determined by virtue of this Act are hereby directed to be levied and recovered, and shall be applied in keeping the said Pavement in good and effectual Repair.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself Appeal to the aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath Q"-f*cr Si-fliont, been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be heid for the County of Middlesex, within three Calendar Months after the C3tife of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, fourteen Days Notice at least in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and within two Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, with two sufficient Suretie- conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions; and the said Jwftios at such Sections, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the Lid Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such General u; Quarter Sessions shall befinal* binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Puipjfes.

LXJf. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed (the Manner PfmbVtand of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) Hull be levied and re- Fmfu ure* how covered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the to bc XCCCVlK*> Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of one or more Justice or Justices of the P-ncc for trie County of /I. J3lefex; which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are herroy impo#vcred and required to grant, upon the Confcftion of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any on or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath such Justice or Justices s and are hereby impowered to ad-niinilier; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, afte. - ndeiing tnv Overplus (if any be) ‘ upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whofL Goods and Chattels shall be 10 i.(trained and fold (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being fir It deducted) shall be paid to the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being, and be applied towards the Purpolrs of this Act; ami in case ('efficient DiltreB shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid within two Day?, it shall and m?v be lawful to-and for such Justice or Justices, and he or they is and are hereby authoris'ed and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to cauie such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any

286 C. 47. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and ail reasonable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

Commiflnnfr*

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said rnay reward in Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, if they shall feeCau e, to pay and apply ormers, such part Qj. fajj Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as they shall think proper, not exceeding

one Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or any of them; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Dist'efsnot un-

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Uwtui ror Want Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or o 01m. Parties making the same be deemed a Tresspasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall bo afterwards done determined by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recovei full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Case.

Plaintiffs not to

LXXIII. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action, for any such Irre-fecover, u Ten* gularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Be-bc ciade.mt:ndg ^alf °* Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought: And in calc no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings or Orders, and Judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions"where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Writing* to he

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Contract, Bond, Warrant, Judgement, or without Sumps, other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by any of the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, or under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, at their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks at any Meeting of seven or more of the said Commissioner* Gambled, as the Case shall require, and such Orders shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders; which said Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Adc, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or tran(-acted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quaftied for Want of Form, or be re« moved determined by Certiorari, of any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thingdone in pursuance of this Act, until twenry-one Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months next after the Kadi committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action (h.:il be brought, laid, and tried in the County where stich Matters and Things respectively shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead thcjCiencral KTue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been fodone, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction Was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers, in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any other Cases by Law.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts as a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

Proc«sings to be entered in Books.

Distress not to be deemed unlaw! ul for want of Form,

Limitation of Actions.

H5eneral Issue.

[Treble Costs.]

Public Act*

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

CAP.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III.

287

C. 48, 49, 50.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Monty out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand Itven hundred and seventy-onc; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two-seventh? Excise, and for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to pay to John Dclfon, Owner of the Greenland Ship Lord Molyneux, the Bounty due for the said Ship on the last Year's Fishery.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act paffcJ in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign-wrought bilks and Velvets for a limited Time \ and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficia1* Preimblp.

\ V and is near expiring May it please jour Majesty th.it it may be enacted; and be it enkbd by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act 6 Geo. 3. Act, nude in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Jm- piriation ol Foreign-wrough: Silks and Velvets lor a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations ot Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture/ which was to continue in Force for five Years, from the fourteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next befiion of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the further comi-Expiration thereof until the fourteenth Day of Jute, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and from nued till Jane thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. *776.

CAP. L.

An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of White Oak Staves, and Heading, from the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

WHEREAS the allowing a Bounty upon the Importation of White Oak Staves, and Heading for Calks, from the British Colonies or Plantations in America into this Kingdom, under certain Re- ftridions, may tend to promote the Trade and Intercourse of the said Plantations with Great Britain, and be a Me ms of supplying the Manufactures of Casks for the Use of the Brewers and Distillers in this Kingdom with such Materials at more reasonable Rates than they can at present be procured, as well as of laving great Sums of Monty to his Majesty's Subjects, which are now expended for the Purchase there- of amongst foreign Nations iMay it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, every Person or Persons who shall, within the Time appointed by this Act, import, or cause to be imported, into the Ports of London, Southampton, Poole, Exeter, Plymouth, Bristol, Liverpoole, W hitehaven, Giaf-/tu% Leith, Hull, Newcastle, and Yarmouth, or either of them, directly from any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, in any Ship or Ships that may lawfully trade thither, manned as by Law is required, any good, found, and merchantable Staves, and Heading of White Oak, free from Sap, Worm-holes, Knots and Bites, of the following Dimensions, of the Growth or Product of the said Colonies or Plantations, shall have and enjoy as a Bounty or Premium for such Importation, the following Sums; that is to say.

[Preamble.]

After 1 Jan. 1771. Ferlcns, within (he Time appoint*t1, importing into the Porti of London, Southampton, Poole, Scc. found and n er» cha table Staves and I fra -ir g of

V/hi c Oak. the

For every one thousand and two hundred (each hundred containing five Score) of Pipe Staves, each cg^-' *!'ol l‘*c Stave not being less than five I'\ct six Inches long, from four Inches and One-half of an Inch to fix lner.cs ^vha^Ho'.niv brujJ, and two Inches thick at the thinned Edge, which dull be so imported from the fi It Day of 'Janie- shall enj»y. ary, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, to the li ft Day of January, one th.uif. ml seven hun-Cre ! and Icventy-fivr, the Sum of fix Poun and in the like Proportion for any greater or less Number.

For every one thousand and cigh. such hundred of H.'gmcad Staves, eac h S.ave not being lc!s than four Feet six Inches long, from toir Inches and One-half of an Inch, to fix Indus broad, and one Inch and One-half of an Inch thi, k at the thinned Ed^c, which shall be so imported from and after the said fir It Day ofja-v ary, one thousand seven hundred and ilvcuty-lwo, to the full Day of January one th >uf.md f vui hundred and seventy five, the Sum of six Pounds, and in the like Proportion for any greater or le.s Number.

For every two thousand and four such hundred of Barrel Staves, each Stave being from three Feet six Inches to three Feet eight Inches at the kail in length, from lour inches to five Inches broad, and one Inch

288 C. jo. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

and One-half of an Inch thick at the thinned Edge, which shall be so imported from and after the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, to the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, the Sum of six Pounds, and in the like Proportion for any greater or lefa Number.

For every three thousand and fix such hundred Pieces of Pipe Hogshead and Barrel Heading, each Piece of Pipe Heading being two Feet eight Inches long, each Piece of Hogshead Heading being two Feet four Inches lone, and each Piece of Barrel Heading being two Feet and one Inch long at the least, and each such respective Piece of Heading being from five to six Inches broad, and two Inches thick at the thinnest Edge, which shall be so imported from and after the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, to the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, the Sum of six Pounds, and in the like Proportion for any greater or less Number.

For every one thousand two hundred such Pipe Staves; for every one thousand eight hundred such Hogs-head Staves; for every two thousand four hundred such Barrel Staves; and for every three thousand six hundred Pieces of such Heading as above described, which shall be so imported from and after the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, to the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, the Sum of four Pounds: And for every one thousand two hundred such Pipe Staves; for every one thousand eight hundred such Hogshead Staves; for every two thousand four hundred such Barrel Staves; and for every three thousand six hundred Pieces of such Heading, as above described, which shall be so imported from and after the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, to the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the Sum of two Pounds; to be paid on Demand to the Importer of such Goods, by the Collector of the Port where the same shall be respectively imported as aforesaid, out of any Money in his Hands arising by any of the Ifrh; Coltc&or, Duties of Customs on Goods imported: And in case the Collector of the Customs where such Goods shall here the Gcoas be imported shall not have Money sufficient in his Hands to pay the same, he is hereby required to certify arC MP«efuf:IS fame to the Commissioners of the Customs, who shall cause the same to be paid by die Receiver- gene- fi°[rm°in'hisU ral his Majesty's Customs, the said Premium or Bounty for the said Goods imported into England, to Hands to pay the be paid by the Receiver-general of the Customs in England; and for such as shall be imported into Scotland, Homocv, on to be paid by the Receiver-general there.

certifying

the ume to the Commissioners of the Customs, the same to be paid by the Receiver-general.

Officers of the II. And, in order to intitle the Importer of such Goods to the Bounty or Premium granted by this Act, Customs, before and to prevent Frauds by importing Foreign or other Staves or Heading not intitled thereto/ Be it fur-Gd°in the Colo- *er ena<^e^ by t^c Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers

m.-s^with ln-°" his Majesty's Customs, before such Goods are laden on boird any Ship or Vessel in any of the said Colo-tt:ntto be im» nies or Plantations, with an Intent to be imported into this Kingdom, for the Bounty or Premium herein ported, before granted, carefully to examine such Goods, by such Means as he or they shall think proper, to find

are carefully to out ancj discover whether the same in every respect answer the Description herein before mentioned: And Goods"6 UC every Person and Persons importing any such Goods into Great Britain as aforesaid, shall produce

Persont import- to the Collector, Comptroller, or Principal Officer of the Customs, at the Port of Importation, a Cefti-ing such Goods ficate, under the Hand and Seal of the Governor, Lieutenant-governor, Collector of his Majesty's Cu-into Britain, stems, and Naval Officer, or any two of them residing and being within the said Colonies or Plantations* that before the Departuie of such Ship or Vessel the Person or Persons loading the same had made Oath be-the por^oHm- fore them, that the said Goods so shipped on board were truly and bona fide of the Growth and Produce of portation, aCer* some or one of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and specifying the Colony or Colonies, Plan-tjficate from the tation or Plantations respectively, of which such Goods is or are the Growth or Produce (which Oath the Governor, &c. said Governor, Lieutenant-governor, and Collector of his Majesty's Customs, and Naval Officer, or any Certificate to two of them, are hereby authorised to administer); and the said Certificate shall also express the Number, Num^r^Ouan Ql,antity» Quality, 2nd Sp^ cies of each Sort of Goods respectively, and that the same had been examined tity^Scc!efeleh hv the ProPer Officer or Officer* of the Customs before the shipping thereof, pursuant to the Directions of iort of Goods*, this Act; which Officer or Officers is and are hereby required to certify therein, whether such Goods, or any Part thereof, are or are not made from White Oak, and good, found, anti merchantable, free from Sap, Wormholes, Knots, anti Bites, and are or are not of the Dimensions and Descriptions herein before relprCiively mentioned; and the Matter, or other Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel importing such Goods, shall, on his Arrival, make Oath before the Collector, Comptroller, or Principal Officer of the Custnm% at the Port of importation, that the said Goods lo imported were truly laden on board his Ship or Vessel, in one of the said Colonies or Plantations, and are the same Goods as are contained and mentioned in such Certificate.

Officers of the

III. And, for the better preventing Frauds in the entering any of the Goods before mentioned, in or-Customt, *?tcr der to obtain the Bounty theteon/ Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and the Entry, to niay be lawful for any proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, after the Entry, and at or after the Land-E*mSination irE Goods, to take Samples thereof, in such Manner, and in such Proportion, as he or they shall

1 judge pttper, to examine the same; and if, upon such Examination, it shall appear, that in the whole Quantity so entered t here are to the Amount often Pieces in an hundred that do not, in all Respecfts, an-iwer the Descriptions and Dimensions herein-bdorc described, so as to be intitled to the Bounty hereinbefore granted; then, and in such Case, no Bounty shall be pa id or allowed for any Part of the hundred Pieces in which such deficient ten Pieces shall be found; and if more than twenty Pieces in an hundred of the Quantity lb entered shall be found, on such Examination, not to be intitled to the Bounty; then, be-

fidcs

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 50. 2S9

files the Loss of the said Bounty, the Importer shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds; to be pro-iecuted and recovered as herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, shall he demanded, taken, or received, by any Officer of his Majesty's Customs for examining, viewing, or d(> Jivenng such Staves and Heading with respect to the Premium or Bounty allowed by mis Act, or for the ligning any of the Certificates in order to the receiving such Premium or Bounty, or for paying the same; and any Inch Officer demanding or taking such Fee or Reward, shall, for such Offence, forfeit his Office, and be for ever after incapable of executing any Office or Employment under his Majesty, his Heirs and Successor?.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Staves and Heading of the Ci.owth or Product of any of the said Colonies or Plantations shall be again exported from Great Britain^ then, and in every such Case, the Persons exporting the same shall, before the Entry thereof, pay unto the Collector of the Customs of the Port where the fine shall be exported, or to the Chief Officer of the Customs there, the full Sum which is allowed as a Premium or Bounty by this Act on all such Staves and Heading as he intends to expoit.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, Assignee or Assigns, shall be found fraudulently to export or load on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, such Staves and Heading without paying such Premium or Bounty to the Chief Officer or Collector of the Customs as aforesaid, such Person and Per (oils shall forfeit and lose all such Staves and Heading, and double the Value thereof.

out paying the Bounty, to forfeit

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Collector or Comptroller of the Customs, or Naval Officer, shall make any false Certificate; or if any Merchant, Trader, Factor, or other Person, shall make any false Oath with regard to the Growth of such Staves and Heading; or if any Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel shall make any false Oath concerning the Certificate for or the Identity of such Staves and Heading; or if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit any such Certificate, as is herein before directed to be made, in order to obtain any Premium or Bounty hereby granted; all and every such Person and Persons so offending in any of the Cales aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds: And if any such Person so offending shall be a Collector, Comptroller, or Naval Officer, or any other Officer of the Customs, he shall also forfeit and lose his Office, and be incapable of l'erving his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, determined, and recovered, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Ifre/}minster, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty in his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America respectively, where such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred; wherein no Eflbin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed,'shall, if incurred in Great Britain^ he applied, one Moiety to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be incurred in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, shall be applied, Ooe-third Part thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, One third Part to the Use of the Governor of the Colony or Plantation where such Penalty and Forfeiture is incurred, and the remaining third Part to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit, if in Great Britain, shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and if in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, within eighteen Calendar Months next alter the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Hfue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaint iff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action alter the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared: or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict, or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants dial and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Doubt or Dispute shall arise, whciher the Staves and Heading, or any Part thereof, so to be imported or exported as aforesaid, are of the Growth or Produce of any of the said Colonies or Plantations, or of any other Growth or Produce; or if any Action shall be brought by the Owner or Claimer of such Goods, against any Officer of the Cu[corns, or any other Person for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and any Doubt or Question fillal thereupon arise concerning the Place of the Growth or Product of such Goods, the onus prohandi filial lie on the Owner or Claimer of such Goods, or the Person claiming the Premium or Bounty, and noton the Person who ftized or (topped the same, or against whom such Action shall be brought; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

No Oratory to

be d<:manrir 1 by O.iicrrs for ex amininp, nor f t litning any Or-t.fic.i e«, id recovering the Bounty.

If any S’av»% Sec. o' the Produce of the Colonies be exported from Bjit.m. Bounty to be paid by the Perform exporting the farr. c.

Persons fraudu-icr.tly exporting on board any Ship Stave* and Heading, \vi.tithe fame.

Collector*, Sec, m-king false CertificaUr, Sec, or if any Master, &c, shall make any false Oath concerning the Identity of Staves, or Prr-fons counter!* ting any Certificates to obtain the Bounty, to forfeit o I. Forteitu.es inflicted by this Ato be recovered by Plaint or Information.

Application of Pcn.rtio.

Limitation of Actioni.

General Issue

[Treble Costs.]

Disputes how so be determined.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

290 C. 5 w

CAP. LI.

An Act for continuing several Laws for the better Regulation of Laftage and Balastage in the River Thames; for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and for the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise j for repealing so much of an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled.

Act for preventing the Carriage of excessive Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks, and Coalst within ten Miles of the Cities of London and Westminster, as relates to the Carriage of Meal, Malt, and Coals*, and for authoring the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkw, in the Islands of

Act 6 Geo

and AO 32 Geo. 2.

AOs 1 5 & 16 Geo. 2*

Ptcamblcr ‘ WJ WHEREAS the Laws herein after-mentioned have, by Experience, beervfound useful and beneficial, and are near expiring May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Ix>rJs Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act mode in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so* the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, which was to continue in Force from> the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, for five Years* and from thence to the Act 11 Geo. 2. End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the eleventh Y^arof the Reign.

of his said late Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, for seven Years, and from Act 18 Geo. *. thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, for eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended and further contU nued until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to further continued the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the nit June 24* Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to im- power the Importers or Proprietors of Rum, or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses at their own Expence; and for the Relief of Ralph Barrow, in respect to the Duty on some Rock Salt, loft by the Overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and Dane,* as relates to the landing of Rum, or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to the lodging of the same in Ware-houses, at the Expence of the Importers or Proprietors thereof, which was to continue in Force from the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, to the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts of the twenty-third and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and from thence to

t 2 1- 1 r^e t^len next ^e^on Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from

tv!he*continuedrl?c Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-cighr, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguisea in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms therein mentioned, and for the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizure?,* as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or di^gtiiled in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures, which was to continue in Force for seven Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the fourth Year of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And whereas, by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

and Act* 13&

3 ( Geo 2. und

4 Geo. 3. continued till

till Sept. 29. 177?.

Act 19 Geo. i.

Aifhercnno-mied till Sept* a9i '7:8.

Act 6 Geo. x*

Bushels,

291

A.D. 177r. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 52.

Bushels, nor more than twelve Quarters of Malt, nor more than seven hundred and an half of Bricks,

nor more than one Chaldron of Coals, on Fain that the Person offending therein shall forfeit and lofc any one of the Horses, together with the Tears, Bridies, and Halters therewith used, to any Person who shall seize the same: And whereas, by another Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's A£4 Geo. j#

4 Reign, for paving, cleansing, and removing Annoyances in Westminster, and in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, it is provided by a Clause in the said Act, that no Person shall carry at any one Load within the Limits mentioned in the above recited Act of the sixth of King George the First, in any Waggon, or Cart, having the Wheels thereof shod or bounffwith Tire or Streaks of iron, more than one Chaldron of Coals with the Ingrain thereto belonging, after the Rate of one Chaldron for every twenty Chaldrons: And whereas considerable Quantities of Meal, Malt, and Coals, are carried from the said Cities into the Country, and considerable Quantities of Meal and Malt from the Country into the said Cities, in Waggons and Carts, having the Wheels thereof (hod or bound with Iron, within and from beyond the Distance of ten Miles from the said Cities, and many Owners of such Waggons and Carts, apprehending the y were allowed to carry upon the Turnpike Roads near the said Cities the Weights fixed by the Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, A^7Cco. j.

intituled, An Act to explain, amende and reduce into one Act of Parliament the General Laws now in being,

for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, have fullered the Penalties inilidted by the said Acts of the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for carrying greater Quantities of Meal, Malt, and Coals, than are allowed by the said Acts: And whereas it will be more convenient to the Public, if the said Act of the sixth of King George the First, so far as it relates A^ 6 Cco*

to the Carriage of Meal, Malt, and Coals, and also the said Clause in the said Act of the fourth of his pre- And Chuse in sent Majesty, were repealed ;* Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much At^ Geo. 3. of the said Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, as relates to the Carriage of Meal, chuse ia Act Malt, and Coals, and also the said Clause in the Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 6 Geo. 1.

shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that all Persons who have offended in the Matters aforesaid, repealed, against the said Acts, or either of them, and who have not been already prosecuted to Conviction, shall be, and are hereby indemnified for what they have so done.

V. And whereas, a considerable Quantity of that Species of Barley, commonly called Bigg, of the ^of ,he Growth of the Islands of Orkney, is now in the Hands of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, in the said ot Ork-

Islands, which from its inferior Quality is altogether unfit for any Household Uses, and if not permitted nfy#

to be exported to Portugal, and other Places, for the feeding ot Mules and Horses (the only Use this

Species of Grain is fit for) will be entirely loft to the Owners:* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Order or Or- by his Majesty*

ders, to be made in Council for that Purpose, under such Limitations and Reductions, as shall be expressed in such Order or Orders, to permit and authorise the Exportation of any Quantity or Quantities of such exceeding 500©

Barley or Bigg, not exceeding five thousand Quarters, of the Growth of the Islands of Orkney, from the 5

Port of Kirkwall to the Kingdom of Portugal, or elsewhere \ any Law or Statute to the contrary notwith- to the Kingdom

Handing. of Portugal, &c.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That no Bounty or Allowance whatsoever, shall be granted or paid, in respect No Bounty tob« Of such Barley or Bigg, to be exported as aforesaid. P*,d for such

Barley so exported.

CAP. LII.

An Act for repairing, amending, and supporting the several Harbours and Sea Ports in the

Isle of Man.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble,

I 17 WHEREAS the Isle of Man, from its Situation in the Middle of Saint George’s Channel, aff>rds a

convenient Refuge for Ships, in enfe of fudilen and cross Gales of Wind, which frequently happen

in those narrow Seas, and therefore the Preservation of votir Majesty's Ships, and the Interest of! rade and Navigation in general, require that the several Sea Ports and Harbours thereof, now veiled in your Majesty, should be maintained and supported in proper Condition and Repair: And whereas the Duties formerly imposed for this Purpose by the Statures of the said island, arose almost entirely from the Contraband Trade carried on there, which being totally suppressed iincc the Purchase thereof by your Mi- jesty, the Fund for maintaining the Harboirs has failed, and tncy are become ruinous, and likely to fall entirely to Decay, unless forne other Funds are provided ’ Now therefore, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal SubjedN, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do most humoly belecch your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afterrbled, and determined by the Authority of the same, That all Sums of Money that have been raised, 1 v ied, col- All Sum* levied lecitd, or paid, by viriue of all or any the Statutes of the said lfl.rnd, for or on account of the Harbours ^a^ru,c0fthe* therein, at any Time or Times from and al:er the (cventeenth Day of May, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, (at which Time the said IflamJ became veiled in his Majesty) until the fifth colint©tvi-:Ut-Day of Juh, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sevenry one, and which have or shall have been b. jrthe;.- *, paid into the Hands of his Majesty's Receiver-general of the said island, or his Deputy, shall be by him or»i‘«:A-qr 1;, them, or under his or their Direction, immediately laid out or employed for or towards the Repairs of the several Harbours in the said island; and the said Receiver- general or his Deputy shall forthwith transmit ^VdTtli^Rc-

P p 2an

292 C. 52. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

pairs of rheHar an Account of such Disposal of the Money to the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for

lours in t ie the time being.

1,land*

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of TuTy+

ft Cr 111 Rues ,n the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, all and every the several and respective Dues* ani Duties'pay8- Rates, Duties, and Impositions, granted or payable by virtue of all or any the said Statutes of the said ab oy virtue of Itland, for or on account of the Harbours therein, shall cease, determine, and be no longer due or pay-the Statute of able; any Thing therein contained, or any other Law, Statute, Ordinance, Custom, rrescription, or tlu- ifljod, on Provision, to the contrary notwithstanding: And instead and in lieu thereof, there shall be raised, levied* Harbuu^ftafi c°^e<^c^> and Pa‘d, for the Purposes intended by this present Act, of amending, repairing, keeping in Redetermine. U Pair> and supporting the several Harbours of the said Island, the several and respective Rates, Duties, and In lieu whereof Impositions following, upon all Ships and Vessels whatsoever, (his Majesty's Ships and Vessels, and others the Rates fol- employed in his Majesty's Service, only excepted) which shall arrive in any of the Harbours and Bays lowing to be paid thereof, and for and upon all Goods and Merchandises herein after mentioned, imported or exported to or

&KS. from the said !fl* °fMan 5 (that is to fav)

cepted.

For every Britishi For every Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects, which shall arrive or put into Ship, not laden, any of the Harbours in the said Island, not being laden, or in Balaft only, one Penny Halfpenny per

arriving in any Ton.

Harbour 1 d.

For evrrTship For all such Ships and Vessels being laden, or having any Cargo on board, whether they shall break Bulk laden, d. per or deliver any Part of their Cargo or not, Two-pence Ton.

Ton.

For every Ship to For every Ship and Vessel which shall be repaired in any of the said Harbours, the additional Sum of one additional Suin Penny per Ton, over and above the Rates aforesaid.

of x d. per Ton.

For every Foreign For every Foreign Ship and Vessel which shall arrive or put into any of the said Harbours, not being B.u»,1d?AVn,aden» or in Balaft only. Two-pence per Ton.

Too.

Fore!gn For every Foreign Ship and Vessel which shall arrive or put into any of the said Harbours, without break-breaking Bulk* *nS Bulk or delivering any Part of their Cargoes, Three-pence per Ton.

3d. per Ton.

Lwl'hfl.dure’.k For all such Foreign Ships and Vessels which shall break Bulk and deliver any Part of their Cargo, the Bulk, 1 he addi- additional Sum of Two-pence per Ton, over and above the Rate aforesaid.

tional Sum of

For a ^Foreign For a^ Foreign Ships and Vessels as shall repair in any of the said Harbours, the additional Sum of Ships, the addi- Two-pence per Ton, over and above the Rates aforesaid.

tional Sum of

I or Foreign Vef. For all Foreign Ships and Vessels anchoring in any of the Bays of the said Island, the Sum of two Shillings fc!s anchoring in and Sixpence for each Ship or Vessel.

any Bays, a.

Sates*to be le

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected,

vied'over tiofe Pa*d, for the Purposes aforesaid, (over and above all Customs, Rates, and Duties, chargeable upon granted by the same Commodities respectively, by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force) the several and 7 Geo. III. respective Rates and Duties following, for and upon Goods and Merchandises imported into the said Isle of Man, determined by virtue of any Licence granted, according to an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging 'and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the Ifie of Man, and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there vjith a certain Quantity of fVheat, Bar ley, Oats, Meal, and Floury authorised by an Act made in this Session to be transported to the said Island; that is to say,

is. 6d. per Ton

on ell Spirits imported.

|p. <fd. per Hhd. on Tobacco.

per Cwt. on Teas.

f 1 per Cwt. on Coffee.

For and upon all Spirits imported into the said Island, two Shillings and Sixpence per Ton. For and upon all Tobacco, one Shilling and Sixpence per Hogshead.

For and upon all Teas, two Shillings per hundred Weight.

For and upon all Coffee, one Shilling per hundred Weight.

a s. 6d. per Ton For and upon all Wines, two Shillings and Sixpence per Ton.

©nForegn For and Upon a)| Foreign Goods, (Wines, Spirits, and Salt, excepted) ten Shillings per Ctntum mi

Coc^O, ydim

Upon British *fid Infh Goods, S». per Cent.

For and upon all other Goods imported from Great Britain or Ireland, (licensed Goods and Salt for the Fisheries excepted) above the Yaluc of five Pounds, the Sum of five Shillings per Centum ad Valorem.

A.D. 1yyi.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 2

293

IV. And whereas by the said last-recited Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Bounties rav-

Majesty, the several and respective Bounties or Sums of Money therein mentioned, were directed to be aUeby 7 Geo.

paid for the Boats employed in the Herring Fishery upon the Coasts of the said Island, and to the Manu-II]*

facturers of Linen Cloth there, by his Ytajcity’s Receiver-general in the said Isle of Man, or his Deputy,

out of the Duties of ten Shillings pay ible to his Majesty in the said Isle, for and upon every Boat or other Vessel employed in the said Herring Kilhery, and out of the Money arising to his Majesty from the several € Bay Fisheries of the said Island: And whereas scarcely more than one-tenth Pait of the Fishertnen of the said Island have complied with the Terms under which the said Bounties were granted, nor have they produced any Advantage to the Manufactures of the said Ifl and, so that the same have proved of no Ef-

feet Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this present todft?rm»ne. Act, all the said several and respective Bounties mall wholly cease, determine, and be no longer paid to any except those of the Persons, in the said last-recited Act mentioned (save and except the several and respective Bounties, alJowed ro th* or Sums of Money thereby directed, to be allowed and paid to the Admiral, and to the Vice-admiral of the waTer BaiUiL said Herring Fishery, for each Season, and to the Water Bailiff of the said Island, or his Deputy for their Superintendance and Inspection thereof); and that the said Duties of ten Shillings, payable to his Majesty in the said Isle, for and upon every Boat or other Vessel employed in the said Herring Fishery, and also all the Money arising to his Majesty from the several Bay Fisheries of the said Island, after Allowance made of the said last mentioned Bounties, and of the usual and necessary Charges attending the levying and collect- How the Monic* ing the said Monies, shall be applied by his Majesty's Receiver-general in the isle of Man, or his Deputy, arising from rbc to the Repair and Support of the said Harbours, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and |?Jy

to no other Use or Purpose; any Thing in the said last-recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding. applied °

V. And, for the better collecting and disposing the several Sums of Money, and Duties hereby made PP'

payable, and regulating the Repairs and Support of the said Harbours Be it enacted by the Authority ^eelett-aforesaid, That the Persons herein after named for that Purpose, shall be, and are hereby nominated and 0 c c

appoin’ed Commissioners, and authorised, from time to time, to put this Act in Execution; that is to say,

His Majesty's Receiver general in the Isle of Man % his Deputy, the Collector, Comptroller, and Searcher of the Port of Douglas, the Deputy, Water Bailiff's, of each of the other Ports of Deiby, Haven, Peel, and Ranfay respectively, for the time being, together with four creditable and substantial Merchants; that is to say. One for and belonging to each of the four principal Ports of the said Isle before mentioned, to be elected by the Officers aforesaid, or the major Part of them, which said Merchants, so elected, shall also be Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, for and during the Term of three Years, to be computed from the respective Times of their Election; and on the Expiration of the said Term, or on the Death or Rcfigna-tion of 2ny of them, the rest of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall, from time to time, upon the first Monday in the Month of October, in each Year, elect another fit Merchant or Merchants, of or belonging to the said Ports respectively, in his or their Stead, to continue in like Manner, in such Office or Trust, and to have like Power and Authority as the Person in whole Stead he was so elected, for and during the Term of three Years respectively from such Election: Which said Commissioners, or Commissioner* the major Part of them, (of whom his Majesty's Receiver-general in the Isle of Man, or his Deputy for the to n,ake B'e* time being, shall always be one) shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby impowered and an- Kc*u*‘

thorised to make such Bye-laws, Orders, and Regulations, from time to time, to bind all Ships and Vef- ‘1 fels, arriving at or coming into any of the Harbours in the said I lie, and all Matters, or other Persons,

having the Rule, Management, or Command, of Inch Ships or Vessels, and to annex such reasonable Pc- v

nalties as the said Commissioners, in their Discretion, shall think fir, so as such Bye-laws, Orders, and Regulations, be made agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and be for the better putting in Execution, and effecting the Purposes thereof; and also for the better regulating Ships or Vessels, with respect to their lying, mooring, or ballasting, in the said Harbours, and for preventing the throwing any Sorts of Rubbish therein, or doing any Annoyance to the same, and so as they do not contain any Thing repugnant to the Laws of this Realm. And it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the CommKTnnrr* major Part of them, (of whom his Majesty's Receiver-general in the Isle of Man, 01 his Deputy for the to control *-.rh time being, shall always be one) from time to time, to contract and agree with any Workmen, Artificers,

Masons, or other Person:, Iona fide, for the making and doing all or any Part of the Works necessary for J ‘c

the mintaining, repairing, cleansing, enlarging, or improving, all or any of the said Harbours, or for Timber, Stones, and other Materials, necessary for the Purposes of this Act, or for making any additional Works, or any Land Marks, Sea Marks, or other Directions, they shall judge to be requilke for the greater Safety of Ships coming into any of the Lid Harbours.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty's Receiver-general of the I fie Receiver gene-

f Man, be, and is hereby impowered to appoint one Person at each of the Ports of Douglas, Derby, /A/- n»i toJF!K,nl vm. Peel, and Ran say, in the said Island, to collect the Harbour Duties at the said Ports; and that they r t°to iV the said Collectors respectively for the time being, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby im- nVrUnr n.u.t*, powered 3nd authorised to receive, levy, and collect the several Sums of Money and Duties herein before aiMoth-rO. ti \ mentioned, and for their Trouble and Expences therein, to retain and deduct the Sum of five Pounds per and deduct 51. Cerium out of all the said Monies so collected. per Cent, o t of

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lavvftil to and for the i,u1 each of the Collectors aforesaid, to go on board any Ship or Vessel liable to the Payment of any of the C^l-^on to ?o Duties by this Act imposed, to demand, collect, and receive the same, and to take the Dimensions o! every un nd M, ci» such Ship or Vessel, according to the Rules of Admeasurement, laid down and settled by an Act passed in

the sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing /lauds u '* and Abuses in the public Revenues of Excise} Customs, Stamp-duties, Post-office, and 11 uj. money, and accurd-

0 ing

294-

C.

52,

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

For Non-payment of Dutier, tray distram Tackle, till Payment is made.

Two Days after Distress made, Colltrftors to cause the lame to be apj-raised.

AH Sums to be

arp'irci towards rrpairing the Hai hours.

Collectors, within fix Oavs at* er each of the four uf«)al quarterly Feafls, to p^y all Sum' levied to the Receiver* general.

Books to be kept by Commissioners for entering Sums received.

Collectors refo-sing to pay Money received, or to render an Account, to forfeit 10l.

to be levied by

Difirefs and Sale; and applied to repaiiirg the Harbours.

After Certification by r he Commissioners that the Harbours are put into repair,

loco I. to be

paid out of the Surplus of Duties aiifing by this Act.

Proprietors of

Bond* not inti— tied to ir.terest.

On 0£>. to, annually, Peceiv-Tr-general to pr -lent to the Commission.ers a full Account of

ing to which Rules the several Duties of Tonnage shall be computed and collected, and not otherwise; and for Non-payment thereof, or of any Sum or Sums of Money due, or of any of the Penalties imposed by the Commissioners as aforesaid, for Refusal to give Leave to such Officer to go on board, or to take the Dt-menftons of such Ship or Vessel, or for any other Offences committed against this present Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Officer to take and distrain any Part of the Tackle. Apparel, and Furniture, belonging to such Ship or Vessel, and the same to detain and keep until he or they be satisfied, and paid such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, and every of them; and in case of any Neglect or Delay in Payment of any the Sums of Money, or Duties incurred as aforesaid, for the Space of two Days after any Distress or Distresses so taken as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Officer, to cause the same to be appraised determined by two or more sufficient Persons, to be from time to time appointed for that Purpose by any two or more of the Commissioners aforesaid, and afterwards to fell the said Diffrcfs or Distresses so taken and appraised, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient to answer all Monies due, and all Charges arising thereon, and therewith to farisfy him or themselves, as well for and concerning the Sum or Sums, or Duty so neglected or delayed to be paid, and for which a Distress shall be so taken as aforesaid, as also for his or their reasonable Charge in the taking or keeping such Distress, rendering to the Master, or other Persons, having the Rule or Command of such Ship or Vessel in or from which such Distress shall be so taken, the Overplus, if any there be; provided that no such Distress shall be made until six Hours after Demand of such Sums of Money or Duties as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be raised, levied, colle<sted, and received by the Duties aforesaid, and for any the Forfeitures or Penalties so he recovered by virtue of this Act, other than so much thereof as shall be laid out ar>d allowed to the Collector or other necessary Officer for the collecting and managing the said Duty, and for the necessary Charges of recovering the same, shall be, by the said Commissioners, or the major Part ef them, of whom his Majesty's Receiver-general in the Isle of Man, or his Deputy for the time being, shall always be one, applied and dirposed of to and for the repairing, securing, preserving, and maintaining the said Harbours, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and to no other Use, Intent, orrur-pose whatsoever, save and except as herein after is excepted; and every Person appointed or employed to collect and receive any Sums of Money, or Duties aforesaid, shall, within six Days after each of the four usual quarterly Feasts in the Year, p3y into the Hands of his Majesty's said Receiver-general, or his Deputy, all Sums of Money by him or them levied, collected, or received, and at the same Time deliver a full and particular Account thereof in Writing, upon the Oath of such Collector or Receiver, before two of the Commissioners aforesaid, which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered to administer: And there shall, from time to time, be provided and kept by the said Commissioners, one or more Book or Books, in which all Monies so be received by virtue of this A Cl, and all Payments out of the same, shall, from time to time, be fairly set down and entered, expressing severally the Time when, and the Name of the Person or Persons from or to whom the same was so received or paid, and for what Use or Purpose such Payment was made; and such Books shall be kept for the Pumofe aforesaid at the Custom-house of the Port of Douglas, for the Inspection of all or any of the said Commissioners, at all Times during the usual Office-hours: And all and every Person and Persons appointed to collect or receive any the said Sums of Money or Duties, who shall neglect or refuse to pay the Money so by him or them received, or to render an Account according to the Directions of the present Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds for every such Offence; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any two of them, forth wi h to levy the same by Distress and Sale of such Offender’s Goods and Chattels, returning to the Party the Overplus (if any there be), after deducting all reasonable Expences attending such Distress or Distresses; which said Penalty shall, from time to time, be applied to the repairing and maintaining the said Harbours, as herein before directed.

IX. And whereas, at the Time the Property of the Isle of Man became vested in his Majesty, several Sums of Money had been borrowed upon Bonds, given by the Supervisors of the Sea Ports and Harbours the ein, for defraying the Expence of repairing and amending the same, in pursuance of the Powers to them given by the Statutes of the said Island: And whereas some Part of the said Debts so cpntraCled yet remains undischarged,* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after it has been certified by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them (whereof his Majesty's Receiver-general of the lyle of Many or his Deputy, shall be one), That the said Sea Ports and Harbours have been put into sufficient and good Repair; it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, by and with the Content and Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the time being, to pay out or the Surplus of the Duties arising and collected by virtue of this Act, a Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one thousand Pounds, in discharge of the principal Money due upon the Bonds given by the Lid Supervisors as aforesaid; which said Bonds shall appear to the said Commissioners to be bona fide due, and to have been approved and consented to at the Time they were given by the several Persons authorised by the Statutes of that Island to give such Consent and Approbation.

X. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to intitle the Proprietors of the said Bonds to the Receipt of any Interest now due, or hereafter to arise and become due thereupon, out of the Surplus of the said Duties.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the tenth Day of October., in every Year, the said Receiver-general shall draw up, or cause to be drawn up, and shall present to the said Commissioners, a full Account of all the Receipts and Disbursements of and for each particular Port and Harbour in the said Island, and also a particular Account of the true Stare and Condition of the same respectively, and of the several Piers and Works thereto belonging; which said Account the said Cormrussioners,

or

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 53* 295

or three of them at the lead, shall sign and transmit, with such Observations thereon as they shall judge to be ji Rere'p’s and ncceiiiry, to the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the time being; and it shall Disbursements. and may be lawful for such Receiver-general, for his Trouble and Exnence in the Execution of this Act, Receiver-pene. and for providing a Person to inspect and superintend the said Ports and Harbours, to charge in his Accounts, ral to b- allowed and the said Receiver-general shall be allowed thereupon any Sum not exceeding the Sum of thirty Pounds annujlb n#t cx-in any one Year, out of the several Sums so levied and collected as aforesaid. cctding 301.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Commissioners, the said All officer*, &c. Receiver-general, and all other Officers whatsoever, employed by virtue of this Act, in collecting, receiving, or dilbuiling any Sum or Sums of Money, for the repairing or maintaining the said Harbours, or in f^mJddHng' inpermtending or surveying. the same, shall respectively take an Oath previous to their intermeddling with with their Offi-a:iy such Oilice or Employment, for the due and faithful Execution and Discharge thereof, according to cc*. tiic Powers vested in them by virtue of this Act, before any one or more of the Deemfters, or Civil Ma-

f :ilrates of the said llUnd, who is and are hereby authorised and required to administer the same without or Reward,

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sums of Money which shall All Sum* to be be piid, incurred, or recovered, in pursuance of this Act, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be p-iid, incurred, Sterling Money of Great Britain, and shall be paid, collected, and recovered, to the Amount of the Value or ,ecoJf.'*rc‘J*to which such nominal Sums bear in Great Britain. tcr ing

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Actions, Suits, or Informations, which shall or may be b;ought or commenced, for the Recovery of any Forfeitures and Penalties incurred c>mmenc-d ior by virtue of this prdent Act, or for any other Matter 01 Thing relating to the Execution thereof, shall be Recovery of Pe-brought, prosecuted, tried, heard, and determined in the Court of his Majesty's Water Bailiff of the said naitinwbeiriei ifl.md, according to the accustomed Course of that Court; and in case either of the Parties conceive them- by ih«^ Water Icives to be aggrieved, it shall and may be lawiuLfor such Person to appeal in the usual Manner to the Court 1 of Chancery of the said Bland. -

Cap. liii:

An Act for widening the Highways in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.'

*' T X WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the Year one thousand six hundred Preamble* and sixty-nine, and intituled, rftl for repairing Highways and Bridges, it is enacted, That the said Highways shall be twenty Feet of Measure broad at least, or broader, if the same have been so of be-

fore: And whereas by the Law of Scotland, the making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the High- ways. Roads, and Bridges, within that Part of the united Kingdom, are put under the Direction and Management of the Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of Supply, within the several Shires and Stewartries respectively, (except in such Cases where Turnpike Roads have, under the Authority of Spe- cial Acts of Parliament, been made, and Tolls granted therefore) and the same by such Acts put under the Management and Direction of certain Justices or Commissioners by these Acts named and appointed:

And whereas many Inconveniences and frequent Obstructions to the free Passage of the public and most frequented Highways and Roads have beervoccafioned by the Narrowness of these Highways and Roads:

And whereas it would be of great Public Benefit to that Part of the united Kingdom, that the Justices of Peace, and Commissioners of Supply, in each Shire and Stewartry respectively, and the Trustees and Commissioners of Turnpike Roads* established by special Acts of Parliament, were impowered to widen and extend the Highways and Roads under their respective Managements, wherever they saw necessary Occasion for so doing May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by Justices, and the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Fern-poraR and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That sh^s*and the Justices of Peace and Commissioners of Supply* for the respective Shires and Stewartriesr and the $tewai?rjCSf Commissioners and Trustees of Turnpike Roads, established by special Acts of Parliament, within that to mike, repair, Part of Great Britain called Scotland^ shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to clear, widen.and make, repair, clear, widen, and extend, and to keep in good Repair, after being so cleared, widened, tnd extended, the several Highways and Roads, under their Management and Direction respectively, so

as the tame shall be in all Places full twenty Feet Width of clear pailable Road, exclusive of the Bank and *huh »rr\o Ditch on each Side of such Highway or Road respectively. i^FeetinWidih.

II. And whereas it will be of great public Utility, that the said Highways and Roads were, in particular jun;ce*, &c. to

Places, llill further widened and enlarged ;* Be it also enacted, That the said Justices of Peace, and Com- <rdrr the Road* vri.floncrsof Supply, or the said Trustees, or Commissioners for Turnpike Roads established by special Acts <0 be farther ca-of Parliament, or the Majority of them, in a General Meeting for that Purpose assembled, may order and

direct the Highways ami Roads aforesaid to be (till farther widened and enlarged, in such Places, and for such Di'tances as th-y judge to be for public Benefit.

III. Provided always, 2nd be it further enacted, That the Breadth of the Highways and Roads so to be Breadth of the widened and enlargf-d shall not, at any Place, exceed thirty Feet, exclusive of the Bank and Ditch on each Road» to b*

5 de, and that full Satisfaction, to be ascertained in Manner herein after provided for, shall be made to the j*cr‘cd *ud en*

Owners and Lcflces of the* L inds, for so much Ground as shall be taken for the Widening and Enlarge- e^cdTo F°ict merit of the f.iid Highways ar d Roads, over and above, and in Addition to the present Breadth, or the xccc 3 1 9 '

twenty beet Width ol Ground, allowed by the Laws now in being for the Breadth of every Highway and

Road.

5. IV. And

296

Instead of a Meeting appointed by Afl 5 Geo. I. two General Meetings to be held annually.

Conveners of Shires, See, to give previous Notice of such Meetings.

J-s fticer, fire, to esamine and Turkey the Highways, iec.

Heritors or Occupiers of Lancs may apeeal to General Meet* *»g'»

v hich shall be final.

In case of General Meetings being 01 Opinion that the Roads should be further widened, &c.

Application to be ma le to the Sher.ft'to summon a jury to value the Ground, Scc. Intimation to. be m ide to Owiicjs, See, Jury to be impanelled,

who are to afeer-tam Damages to Owners, and adjure Foment.

C. 53. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 17*71,

IV. And whereas it would greatly facilitate the making and repairing of the Highways and Roads within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the Justices of Peace, and Commissioners of Supply, within the respective Shires and Stewartries, met more frequently, and at the most convenient Times and Seatons/ Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That hereafter, instead of the Meeting appointed to be held by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the buff, intituled, An Act for amending and making more effectual the Laws for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, there shall be held two General Meetings in every Year of the said Justices of Peace, and Commissioners of Supply, for the special Purpose and Business of the Highways, Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, within their respective Bounds; and, by the Laws in being for the Time, under their Direction and Management, the first upon the same Day, and at the like Place that the Commissioners of Supply of such Shires and Stewartries respectively are and shall be directed by the Land-tax Act of the Year then current, to aflernble for the Purposes of afiefling the Land-tax, and of chusing a Convener, Collector, and Clerk; and the second of the said General Meetings upon the same Day, and the like Place that the Freeholders of the said Shires and Stewartries respectively assembled at their Michaelmas Head Court annually; and that the Conveners of the Shires and Stewartries respectively shall, and they are hereby required to give the same previous Notices for these two General Meetings of the Justices and Commissioners of Supply, as are given for ordinary General Meetings of Commissioners of Supply within their respective Bounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be in the Power of any two or more Justices of the Peace, or Commissioners of Supply, within any Shire or Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to examine and furvev, or cause to be examined and surveyed, the Highways and Roads, or any Part or Parts of them within such Shires and Stewartries respectively, and to order and direct that the said Highways and Roads shall every where be made twenty Feet wide of clear pastable Road, exclusive of the Banks and Ditches upon each Side of the same; and in such Cases where it shall appear to the said Justices and Commissioners to be for the public Benefit, that any Part or Parts of the said Highways and Roads should be further widened and extended, or that Fences of any Kind whatever should be removed, for the Purpose of widening the said Roads, that they shall state their Reasons in Writing, and report the same to the next or any following General Meeting of the Justices and Commissioners for the Shire or Stewartry; and that if the said Justices and Commissioners assembled at such General Meeting, or the Majority of them, upon advising the f2?d Report, and after hearing all Parties having an Interest, shall be of Opinion that it will be of public Benefit to to widen and extend the said Highways and Roads, or to remove Fences, that the same shall be accordingly done, Satisfaction being always previously made in Manner as herein after directed to the Owners and Lessees of Lands, for so much Ground as shall be raken to widen and enlarge the said Highways and Roads beyond and over, and above twenty Feet in Width on the present Breadth of the Road, if more than twenty Feet wide, and for the Loss or Damage the Owner or Owners of the Land may sustain by removing Fences where such are be removed.

VI. Provided always, That it shall be lawful to and in the Power of any Heritor or Occupier of Lands through which the said Highways and Roads go, who may apprehend Wrong to have been done by the said two or more Justices and Commissioners in surveying, examining, ordering, and directing as aforesaid, to appeal against the same to the first or next following General Meeting of the said Justices and Commissioners; and that whatever they, or the Majority of them, shall determine upon such Appeal, shall be final and conclusive.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the General Meetings aforesaid, or the Meetings of Trustees or Commissioners for Turnpike Roads, established by Acts of Parliament, are of Opinion that it will be for the public Benefit to have the Highways and Roads, or any particular Parts of them, farther widened and enlarged beyond the Breadth of twenty Feet, or the present Breadth, if broader, or to have Fences of any Kind removed or altered in widening of the said Roads, and that no Agreement shall have been made with the Owner or Owners of the Land where the Roads are to be widened, or whole Fences are to be altered or removed, Application shall be made to the Sheriff or Steward of the Shire or Stewartry within which such Highways and Roads lie, to summon a Jury in order to value the Ground necessary to be taken and used for so widening and enlarging the Highways and Roads aforesaid, and the Loss or Damage ensuing from the altering or removing of Fences; and the said Sheriffs and Stewards, and the Sheriffs and Stewards-depute, and their Substitutes, are hereby impowered and re-quiied, upon such Application, to order Intimation thereof to be made to the Owner and Owners, and immediate Occupier or Occupiers of the Ground proposed to be so taken in and used, and afterwards to issue a Summons in the usual Manner for calling together and impannelling a Jury, to consist of at least seven, and not exceeding fifteen Persons in Number, to examine into, and, after such Examination, to re port upon their Oaths to the Sheriff or Steward the Value of the Ground so to be taken and used for the W idening and Enlargement of the Highways and Roads over and above twenty Feet in Breadth, and the Loss or Damage that will arise to the Owner or Owners of the Land by altering or removing of Fences where that is proposed to be done, and thereupon to order and adjudge Payment of the Value and Amount of the Loss and Damage so ascertained to the Owner or Owners of the Grounds, with such Costs as he or they may have been put to in the Liquidation of the said V.ilue; and that upon such Payment being made, and a Discharge thereof lodged with the Sheriff'or Steward Clerk, the said Justices and Commifti mers, or the said Trustees and Commissioners, according as the Case may be, shall from thenceforth have Right, and be it Liberty to take and use the Ground so valued and paid for in the widening and extending the Highways and Roads aforesaid, as fully and effectually ever after, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the

Owner

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 54. 297

Owner and Owners of such Ground had executed regular Dispositions of the same* and thereupon Infeft-

rr.ents had followed.

VIII. Provided always, That thirty Days Notice at least shall be given to the Owner and Owners of the Grounds so to be valued, and of the Fences intended to be altered or removed, of the Day upon which the Jury are to be impannelled for those Purposes; and that all Proceedings and Orders of Sheriffs and Stewards in the Premises, made by virtue of this Act, shall not be removable or questionable by Bills or Letters of Advocation or Suspension to, or by any other Court whatsoever; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Supply of every Shire and Stewartry in Scotland assembled, annually, upon the Day appointed by Act of Parliament for the Assess-rv.cnt of the Land-tax, shall have Power, and they are hereby impowered and required to lay an additional Aff'vfTment for the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been for the preceding Year adjudged by the Sheriff' or Steward in Manner aforesaid to the Owner and Owners of Grounds to be taken, and of Fences to be removed or altered, for the widening and enlarging the Highways and Roads, as herein before directed, and to issue Precepts upon the Collector and Collectors for the Payment thereof; and that in all Cases where the Ground so valued, or Fences altered or removed as aforesaid, shall be taken or done, for the Widening and Enlargement of a Turnpike Road as established by Act of Parliament, that the Morey adjudged by the Sheriff or Steward therefore shall be paid by the Commissioners or Trustees of such Road, out of the Tolls arising from the same.

jo Dajri Notice to be given, to Owner* of Ground* and Fence* to be valued or altered.

Commissionera of Supply to la/ additional Assessmenta for Payment of Sums, adjuJge4 by the Sheriff, the preceding

Year.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for the better paving, ckanfing, lighting, and watching, the New

Square, Hayden yard, Sheepy-yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherrwife the Church

Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, in the Parish of ‘Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of -

/ex, within the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

of his Majesty's Tower of London, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, are very ill paved and clcanied, and are incommodious to Passengers, by Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein,

and many Irregularities are committed in the Night-time in the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage,

and Court and the Passages therein or leading thereunto, for want of the same being properly lighted and watched: And whereas it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said several Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and to all other Persons resorting thereto, or passing through the same, if the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and all Nuisances, Annoy- ances, and Obstructions therein were removed and prevented for the future, and the Inhabitants of the said several Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, are willing to do the same at their own Expence, but the same cannot be eft'eftcJ without the Aid of Parliament;’ May it therefore please your M.ijcffy thar it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Acvice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That I Vi Hi am Cobbold, John Dyer, jfaac Fox, Michael James, Benjamin Kenton, Timothy Alangles, Joseph Mcrryrnan, John Stiles Alor daunt, John Pott, William

arp, Thomas IVrigg/eJworth, Samuel If right, and their Successors, being Inhabitants of some or one of the Lid Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, or C< urtj or being a Proprietor or Owner of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the same, or any of them, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned,

shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution: And in case any ine*feofDe*th* of the said Commissioners shall happen to die, or shall neglect or refuse to act for the Space of six Months, or shall remove out of the said Sauarcs, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, or shall cease to be a Proprietor or Owner of any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the same, or any of them, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect one other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Room and Stead of the Commissioner or Commissioners dying, or refusing to act, removing, or ceasing to be a Proprietor or Owner of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the same, or any of them, five Days public Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting fur every such Election being given, by affixing the same in Writing upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Trinity, otherwise the Hcly Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of Middlesex aforesaid, and also by Advertisement in some or one of the public Newspapers; and every Person or Persons so elected shall be, and is and are hereby veiled with the same Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as the Person or Persons in whole Place he or they shall be elected was or were vested with.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of aftingas a Commissioner in the Execu- Qualification of lion of this Act, unless he shall be an Inhabitant of fame or one of the Lid Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, Commuiiouci*. Vvv. XI. CLq and

Commissionert

Names,

Ref a lal to

for one Year, or

Removal.

298 C. 54.

Anno undecitno Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Manner of Adjournment.

No Older valid

and Court; or unless he shall he an Owner or Proprietor of some Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the the same; and unless he shall, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, be in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents or Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of twenty Pounds, or possessed of, or intitled to, a personal Estate of the Value of five hundred Pcmlty on Per- Pounds: And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execu-foM afhngif tion of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty *otqua 1, Pounds, together with Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and wherein the Proof of Qualification shall lie on the Person prosecuted, and it shall be sufficient for the Prosecutor to prove, that the Person so prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

No Victualler to

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall sell Ale, Wine, or any spirituous or fermented

rniirioHc?01"" liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner under this Act.

First Meet in of ^urt^er enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall meet

Commissiontr*. together at the Vestry-room of the said Parish, at Ten of the Forenoon, on the second Thursday after the Day of the passing of this Act, and shall then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act; and they are hereby impowered to adjourn themselves, from time to time, to meet at the same Place, or at such other Place within the said Parish, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, from time to time, think fit: And if at any Meeting so appointed there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissi-onei s to act, or to adjourn to another Day; or in case the said Commissioners, so assembled, shall omit, neglect, or refuse to adjourn themselves, then, and in every such Case, any three of the said Commissioners, or the Clerk to the said Commissioners, shall appoint a Meeting of the said Commissioners, to be held within five Days after, at the same Place; public Notice whereof shall be given by affixing the same in Writing on the principal Door of the aforesaid Parish Church, at least three Days before such Meeting.

V. Provided always, That no Order or Determination of the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall riade.at a be valid, unless the same shall be made at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act; nor shall any Commis-pu ic. ccting. ploner hereby appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, as aforesaid, be capable of acting as such during the Time he shall enjoy any Office of Profit by virtue of the Powers given by this Act, or have any Share or Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution thereof.

CommiflWrs

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and miy appoint of- may, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Col-C£fSJ ledlors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or Inspectors, and such other Officers for the Execution of this Act, as they shall think proper; and, from time to time, remove him or them1, and appoint others, as they shall find necessary or convenient; and by and out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, pay'such Salaries and Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed Officers to give in the Execution of this Act as they shall think reasonable: And the said Commissioners, or any three or Security. mote of them, shall, and are hereby required to take such Security for the due Execution of the respective. Offices, by such Person and Persons as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them*

Persons liable to shall think proper: And all and every such Person and Persons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the Pares, to pay several Rates or Sums of Money hereby granted, shall pay the same to such Person or Persons as shall from the fjme to cd tjme to tjme appointed to coiledl or receive the same: And all such Officers and Persons so to be ap-ct ors appoint- p0;nlecj as aforesaid shall, under their Hands, at such Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall direct, deliver to such Commissioners true and perfect Accounts in Writing, of ail Matters and Things committed to their Charge, by virtue of this Act; and also of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof has been paid and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Com-Cfikers to ac. missioners, or any three or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint: And all the countupon Oath. fat(j Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath, if thereunto required, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) verify Officers refusing their said Accounts: And if any Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify to account upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make such Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within seven Days after being thereunto required by Notice in Writing under the Han^sof any two or more of the said Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or as they shall direct or appoint; then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, may, and are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Actionor Actions in the Names of the said Commissioners, or in the Names of any two or more of them, against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose of any Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Justices to en- Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, shall be and reside; such Justice or Justices may, and is and are Default1*0 lhC hereby authorisld and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and 8 Seals*

arid remove the,71, and appoint others.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 54. 299

Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refilling or neglecting, to be brought before him or them, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way: And if, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any Menirs one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath before such Justice or Justices (which Oath he or to bcl.:vicd b7 they are hereby impowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that any of the Monies Dlflrdi* that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hand or Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice or Justices may, and he and they is and are hereby authorised nd required, upon the Non-payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons offending in the Premises respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy such Money, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale; or in case it shall appear to such Justice or Justices, by For want of the Confession of the Party so offending, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Distreu the Of-Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to administer), that any Bor>ks, fcnfkr.,obe Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such p Officer or Person, and he shall refuse to deliver the same as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, Cumpofnion such Justice or Justices shall commit every such Offender to the common Gaol of the County or Place mad*, where such Offender shall be and reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make), and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them.

[Proviso.]

VII. Provided always, That no Person who shall be committed on account of his having no Goods or Chattels, shall be committed for any Term longer than three Months.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death of any such Officer or other Person to be ap- Executor* to ac. pointed as aforesaid, his Executors or Administrators shall, within twenty-one Days next after such De- couor* cease, deliver to the said Commissioners under this Act, or any two or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any two or more of them, shall, by Writing for that Purpose under their Hands, appoint, an Account in Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands of the Monies collected or received by the Person so deceased, for the Purposes of this Act; and shall also deliver all Books, Papers, and Things, concerning his Office, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, shall appoint to receive the same; and such Money, if any and the Money due, shall be paid by the Executors or Administrators of the Person or Persons so deceased, in preference p^cr'to to and before any of his or their Debts are paid or satisfied. other Debt*.

JX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall be employed by the said Com- offcfrs lak’; missioners as a Clerk, Surveyor, or any other Officer or Servant, in putting this Act, or any of the Powers othe^Fres than herein contained, in Execution, shall exact, take, or accept by any Ways or Means whatsoever, any Fee allowed by this or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards, as shall be appointed, allowed, Aa, or bring and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, for or on account of any Thing concerned in any done, or to be done, by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever, relative to the putting this Act in Execution; or shall be by any Ways or Means concerned or interested in any Bargain, Contract, or forfci’t Agreement made, or to be made, by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execution; every such Person or Persons so offending shall be disqualined, and for ever be incapable of serving or being employed by or under the Commissioners appointed by this Act; and shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, within three Calendar Months after the Offence committed; in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all the present and future Pavement* vest.

Pavements, and all Posts, Rails, and Fences in the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court,^ or the Corn*

any or either of them, and the Passages therein, or leadingthcreunto, as well in the boot-ways as Carriage-ways, and of all Materials, Implements, and other Things, to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners; and they, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Names of any three or more of them the said Commissioners, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment in any such Name or Names, as the Case shall require, against any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall (leal, purloin, or by any Ways or Means carry away, spoil, injure, or destroy, or cause to be stolen, purloined, taken, carried away, spoiled, injured, or destroyed, the same, or any Part or Parts thereof; and the said Commissioners, or any three or Commissioner more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to fell aJ tl,e and dispose of all or any Part or Parts of the old and useless Materials to such Person or Persons as shall be e willing to purchase the same, at such Price or Prices as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think reasonable; and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to such and the same Purposes as the Monies arising from the Rates and Assessments in and by this Act directed to be made are to t)c applied.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have Street* to be full Power and Authority, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to cause, order, and direct all or p»v«a.

Q^q a any

;oo

C. 54.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Commissionert may alter Pipes and Plugs,

n^r remove the C'iflrrn, Arc, in

any of the said Squares, Streets, Yards, Passage, apd Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thefo-unto, to be new paved, repaired, relayed, raised, lowered, or altered, when, apd as often, and in such Manner and Form, and with such Materials as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them* think fit; and the Middle or Area of the said Square, called Haydon Square, or such Part as they Hull think fit, to be raised and fenced off, and also the said Squares, Yards, otieets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, to be freed from all Annoyances, Nuisances, Incroachments, and Obstructions whatsoever, and for such Purposes, may, from time to time, cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of or brought into the same, or any of them, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, as they shall judge necessary; and may likewise cause the Water-pipes which now lie or hereafter shall be laid under Ground, to be taken up and new laid in such Places, Manner, and Form, as they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall judge best; and to employ such Artificers, Workmen, and other Persons, and to issue such Money on these Accounts, and to do all and every such other Acts and Things as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall judge necessary, fit, or reasonable, for the effectually carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution.

XII. Provided always, That the said Commissioners shall not remove, or cause to be removed* the Hi dTn Tuarc. Cidern, Dung-hole, and Horse-pond now (landing and being on the East; Side of the said Square, called iy on q r Haydon Square, without the Content of the Owner or Owners thereof; but shall permit and suffer the said Cistern, Dung-hole, and Horse-pond, and the Use thereof, to temain as the (Jame now arc.

Kot to interfere

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained (kail with the Cuy extend, or be construed to extend, to interfere with any Parts or Places under the Direction of the Com-paving. miflftoners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the City of London, and Liberties thereof.

Commissioners

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, may, and they are hereby impowered to cause such and so many Glass Lamps to be erected in the said Squares, Yards* Watchmen^ Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto; and to fix so many of such Lamps as they shall think proper to any House or other Building, making good the Damage which shall be done thereto; and to appoint a competent Number of fit and able-bodied Men to wa, tch and guard the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, hereby in-Atfowance to be tended to be lighted and watched; and, from time to time, to contract with any Person or Persons lor maintaining, and repairing the said Lamps, and to make such Allowances to such Watchmen for waybeTwioved!t^e'r Attendance, and to give such Orders and Directions concerning the same, and the Manner in which the said Watchmen shall be armed and stationed, and for the due and regular Performance of the said respective Services, as they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall judge reasona)>le and expedient, and, from time to time, to remove any of the said Watchmen, and to appoint others in their Stead; and the Expence of erecting, lighting, and maintaining such Lamps, and the Allowances to be made to such Watchmen, and all other Charges incident to the said respective Services, shall be paid and discharged out of the Rates to be raised by virtue of this Act.

Duty and Power

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Watchmen shall, during the Time of their being stationed of the Watch- in tj,e Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto* use their best Endeavours to prevent Murders, Robberies, and all other Outrages, MisdemeanoFs* and Indecencies; and, to that End, it shall and may be lawful for the said Watchmen* or any of them* and they and every of them are hereby impowered and required, without further Warrant, to apprehend and secure all Malefactors, Rogues, Vagabonds, and all other disorderly Persons who shall be found loitering, wandering, or misbehaving themselves, or committing any Disorders or Offences in or near the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein or leading thereunto, or whom the said Watchmen shall have keafon to suspect of any evil Designs; and the Person or Persons so apprehended shall be delivered, as soon as conveniently may be, into the Custody of a Constable, or other Peace Officer, who is hereby required to secure such Person or Persons, and, as soon as conveniently may be, to convey him, her, or them, before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex* or the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property to and in all such Lamps as shall be erected or fixed in the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein or leading thereunto, in pursuance of this Act; and to and in the Pods, Irons, and other Furniture of- such Lamps 5 and also to and in all Watch-houses, Coats, Arms, Implements, and Things to be provided for the said Watchmen, shall be vested in the said Commissioners; and they, or any three or more of them*, are hereby impowered to bring Actions in the Names of any two or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer and prosecute, with Effect, Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall (leal, take away, injure or damage the same, or shall disturb them in the Possession thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise damage any of the Lamps which shall be erected by the said Commissioners, or any of the Pods, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or shall extinguish any of the said Lamps, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, and he is hereby required, upon Oath made of the Commission of any such Offence, to issue a Warrant for apprehending the Party or Parties accused.; or it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed to apprehend, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be Secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or Liberty of his Majesty's Tomer of London $ and the Party accused being

brought

SttU,

Property of Lwps, &c. vetted ia cm-million ert*

Penijty on Persons breaking Lamp*.

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 54. 301

brought before any such Justice, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness of Witnef-ics who Anil appear, or be produced to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties accused Anil be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they (o convicted shall, for the first Offence, respectively forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for each Lamp so broken, thrown down, damaged, or extinguished, as aforesaid; and for the second Offence the Sum of two Pounds for every such Lamp; and for the third and every fub-sequent Offence the Sum of four Pounds for every such Lamp; and full Satisfaction shall also be made to the Lid Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Clerk, by such Offender or Offenders, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done: And in case such Offender or Offenders shall not upon Conviction pay the Forfeiture by him, her, or them incurred, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol for the said County or Liberty, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, or less than one Month: And such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given; and one half of the said respective Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other half shall be applied as the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act are directed to be applied.

XV1JI. And it is hereby enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall negligently or accidentally break, Penalty onPer-throw down, or otherwise damage any of the said Lamps, or any of the PoAs, Irons, or other Furniture J*0 negligently thereof, and shall not upon Demand make Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of brcakln*Ump,# them, or to their Treasurer or Clerk, for the Damage by such Person or Persons done as aforesaid; it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint thereof made by any one or more of the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to summon the Party or Parties complained of, and upon his, her, or their appearing or making Default to appear (Oath being made that the Party or Parties complained of was or were served with such Summons, or that the same was left at his, her, or their Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, if known, or that he, she, or they could not be found) such Justice shall proceed to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties complained of, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall award and order such Satisfaction to be made by the Party or Parties complained of, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done, as to such Justice shall appear just and reasonable; and shall cause the Sum so awarded (in case the same be not paid forthwith, upon the making such Award or Order) to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons complained of, rendering to him, her, or them, upon Demand, the Overplus (if any be) after the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint, and of such Distress and Sic, shall be deducted.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, may, Commissionert and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, as Occasion shall require, make Con* to contract with any Person or Persons for paving, relaying, repairing, raising, lowering, amending, al- traa*' tering, and keeping in Repair, cleaning, and lighting, all or any of the said Squares, Yards, Streets,

Pafbge, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, and for the several Works hereby directed to be performed, or any of them; which Contract and Contracts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non-performance thereof; and such Contract or Contracts shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works; but previous to the making of any such Contract, five Days Notice thereof t» Notice shall be given in some public Newspaper, expressing the Intention of such Contract, in order that " any Person or Persons willing to undertake the same may make Proposals for that Purpose to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or Parion, Carter* any three or more of them, from time to time, to employ such and so many Paviors, Artificers, Work- &c. to be ap-men. Labourers, Carters, and others, in all and every or any of the respective Works aforesaid, as they Pointed»

shall judge necessary for the due Execution of such Works; and no Person or Persons shall, for any Act done in consequence of his or their being so employed by Order of such Commissioners, be subject or liable to any Action, Indictment, or Information upon the Statute made in the fifth Year of the Reit»n of Queen E/izabeth, intituled, An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices*

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise with respect to the Wages of such Pa- Disputes about viors. Artificers, Workmen, or Labourers, employed on or about the said Pavement or Works to be done, Wageaof Work-it shall and may be settled by any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or w

fox the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, in a summary Way, whose Determination shall be1*11"* final.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, obstruct, Penalty on ob-hinder, or molcft any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Workmen, Person or Persons struain8 Work* whomsoever, who are or shall be employed by virtue of this AO, in the Performance or Execution of his, m#n% her, or their Duty; every such Person so offending Aiall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; for the second Offence, the Sum of tea Pounds; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

302

For taking up Pavement where Water-pipe* break*

Companies having no Pavior, Notice to be given to the Ueik.

Pavior of Water C’orrpanies to give Ni tice of their A beds.

Notice of taking up any Pavement to be given to Com. riiMioner?, the Pavement to be repaired by the Commissioners, and the Parties taking up the i'avc-Qicms to mm-

C. 54. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Pipe or Pipes belonging to any Water Companies who do or shall furnish any Part of the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, or the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, with Water, and which now lie or hereafter shall be laid under Ground, shall break, burst, or decay, so as to require Reparation, the Cleric or Surveyor for the time being to the Commissioners, or such other Person as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, mail appoint for that Purpose, shall forthwith give immediate Notice to the Pavior of the Water Company to whom he apprehends such Pipe or Pipes does, do, or may belong, who is hereby required to take up the Pavement, and open the Ground at or near the Place where such Reparation shall appear to be wanting: And if. upon taking up of the Pavement, and opening the Ground, it shall appear that the Pipe or Pipes so broken, burst, or decayed, do not nor doth not belong to the Water Cormjany whose Pavior shall have taken up such Pavement, and opened such Ground; then, and in every such Case, the Surveyor, or other Person as aforesaid, shall give immediate Notice in Writing to the Pavior of that Company to whom it shall appear that the said Pipe or Pipes do or doth belong; Rich Notice to be given or left with such Pavior or Paviors at his last or usual Place of Abode; and the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong is hereby required to repair the same, and fill in and well and sufficiently ram the Ground, within two Days after such Notice given, or left as aforesaid; and shall also, within twenty-four Hours after such Pipe shall be repaired, and the Ground filled in, give Notice in Writing to the Pavior or Paviors contracting with the said Commissioners, or the Surveyor or other Person aforesaid, of such Pipe or Pipes being repaired, and such Ground being filled in; such Notice to be given to such Contractor, Surveyor, or other Person, or left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode: And in case it shall happen that the Pavior who first receives Notice to take up the Pavement and open the Ground, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall take up such Pavement, and open such Ground, and it shall then be discovered that the Pipe or Pipes which is, are, or shall be burst or broken, do or doth not belong to the Company to whom he is Pavior; that then, and in such Case, the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes do or doth belong shall make Satisfaction to the Pavior who so took up such Pavement and opened such Ground, for such Work: And in case the Pavior to whom such Notice shall be so given to take up such Pavement, and open such Ground, shall neglect or refuse to do the same within twenty-four Hours after Notice given, he shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of four Pounds: And in case the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes so broken or decayed shall belong, shall neglect or refuse to repair and amend the same, ancLfill in and well and sufficiently ram the Ground so taken up, for the Space of twenty-four Hours next after such Notice given, or shall neglect to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors contracting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, or to such other Persons as aforesaid; such Pavior shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the th'rd and every other Offence, the Sum of four Pounds: And if the Person or Persons contracting with the said Commissioners to relay such Pavement so broken or taken up for the Reasons aforesaid, shall neglectc or refuse so relay such Pavement in a good, sufficient, and effectual Manner, within twenty-four Hours after such Notice given to him as aforesaid; or if the Surveyor or other Person to whom such Notice shall be given shall neglect to acquaint the Contractor, or other proper Person or Persons, of such Notice; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of four Pounds.

XXIV. Provided always, That if it shall happen that at any Time there shall be no regular or fixed Appointment of a Pavior of any of the Water Companies, in that Case, such Notice as aforesaid shall be delivered to or left at the Office of the Clerk or Secretary of such Company respectively, who shall, in every such Case, be substituted in the Room of such Pavior, to all Intents and Purposes aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Pavior now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, by the said several Water Companies who shall have any Pipe or Pipes laid in, through, or under any of the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, shall, and is hereby required, within the Space of one Month next after the passing of this Act, or within the Space of seven Days next after he shall be appointed Pavior to such Company oq Companies, and within the Space of three Days next after every Removal of his Abode, to give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Clerk for the time being to the said Commissioners of his the said Pavior’s Name and Place of Abode, and to what Company he is Pavior; and in case any such Pavior shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice within the respective Times aforesaid, every such Pavior so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Part of the Pavement of the several Squares, Yards, Streets, PafTigc, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, shall be taken up, for the Purpose of making, lepairing, altering, cleansing, or emptying any Sewer, Vault, arched Cellar, or Drain, or of laying, altering, or amending any Water-pipe or Plug, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, the Person or Persons so taking up such Pavement shall, within twenty-four Hours, give Notice thereof to the Inspector, Surveyor, or Clerk for the time being, of the said Commissioners, in order that the same may, with all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired by and under the Direction of the said Inspe&or, Surveyor, or Clerk, and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid by the said Commissioners, or any thiee or more of them; and the said Commissioners shall be reimbursed the same by the

A.D. 177r,

Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 54. 303

the Person or Persons, Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers, who shall take up, or tn»r'e the Com. c..use or procure to be taken up, the fail] Pavement, or any Part or Parts thereof. missioners the

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commission- Ejr»>cnceofrc* ers lor putting this Act in Execution, or any three or more of them, from tin e to time, to compound and ayir'*» &Ct a^rec wi.h the fa;J Companies and Comn.iliiosers of Sewers, or other Person or Persons respectively, for Commissioner* a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or other Mealitre, as the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any three or more of them, shall think reasonable, in lieu and Head of laying down or rc- fionerso/Scw-pairing such Pavement as shall be necessarily taken up for any of the Purposes aforesaid. er*.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons, Companies of Water-works, CommissWn or Commissioners of Sewers respectively, shall pooled or refuse to pay the Monies which the said Commis- tf Scweis, &c. ft mers shall have so paid and uilbursed, or what shall he due upon such Contract or Composition as afore- nrs^in£ to fa:d, within two Months next after Notice thereof, to be left by the said Surveyor or Clerk appointed or to be appointed by the said Commissioners, at the Dwelling house or la If Place of Abode of such Person or coim^iflioncrV. Persons, or of the Secretary or Secretaries, Clerk or Clerks, of such Companies of Water-works, or for rpaiir g the Commissioners of Sewers respectively (which Notice shall be in Writing, and ligned by the Clerk or Sur- Pjvcn-.mts after veyor for the time being of the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, by Order of the Ncticr, ir?y be Commissioners, or any three or more of them, annexed to the Bill, containing an Account of the Expence of such Repair, or Money due upon such Composition), it shall and may be lawful to and for the said I ait- 0 mentioned Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Clerk, or in the Names of two or more of the said Commissioners for the time being, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money

respectively; and in case such Person or Persons hereby directed to jjive such Notice to the Surveyor or Penalty on Clerk for the time being of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, as is before directed, shall nrpuctir? r<

neglect so to do for the Space of two Days after such Pavement shall be so taken up, such Person or Persons P " NitKC°f Hull, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of three Pounds. r*

up Pave-

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if, for the Purposes of this Act, it shall at any Time be found CoJ,n';,rrn<.rl necess'jry to raise, fink, or otherwise alter the Poll ion of any of the Pipes or Plugs laid down or placed by ir^0"c.«i to any of the said Companies, or of any of the Leaden or other Pipes which shall be laid into or from any of rai:e, firk, &cs the said Company’s Pipes, which the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and may, Pi^cs, &c. and they are hereby impowered to cause the same to be done, from time to time, and in such Place or Places as they, or any three or more of them, in their Discretion, shall think proper, the same shall be paid for out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act; and shall be done with as little Detriment or Inconvenience to the said Companies, and other Persons, as the Circumstanres of the Case will admit of.

XXX. And, for the more easily obtaining of Water in Cases of Fire,* Be it further enacted, That the Names of the several Water Companies, who shall supply any of the Inhabitants of the said Squares, Yirds, Streets, Turncocks to be PafLge, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, with Water, shall, from time to time, £f,f*rcd» 00 ,h* within the Space of thirty Days alter the passine of this Act, or within seven Days after the Appointment

cf any Turncock or Turncocks, give Notice in Writing to the said Commissioners of the Names and Places N«£ieft. of Abode of their respective Turncocks, distinguishing the Districts to which they respectively belong; and if any of the said Companies shall neglect to give such Notice within the Times aforesaid, they shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings: And the said Commissioners (lull, and they are hereby required, yearly, to cause to be printed and distributed among the Householders and Inhabitants of the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Pass’age, and Court, within the said Pariff), a Lilt of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Turncocks of such Water Companies respectively.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, from and after the passing of this Act, penalty «n Per-without Authority from the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or (in case of Exigency) son*nc*lrrtirg from their Clerk or Surveyor for the time being, take up or alter, or cause to be taken up or altered, any give No*ice of Part of the Pavement of the said several Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages p^e^P uth therein, or leading thereunto, or any of them, for any Purpose whatsoever; every Person so offending, -vcmc shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, and shall pay the Expence of relaying and reinstating the same, according 10 the Direction of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or of the Surveyor for the time being: And the said Forfeiture and Expence shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in the Names of any two or more of the said Commissioners, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, to be commenced within six Months next after such Offence committed; in which Action or Suit no Protcc-t.on, Essoin, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, Commissnrrn or any three or more of them, from time to time, to direct and cause the Course of any Gutter or Chan- may»itfr’he nel, running in, through, or cross the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages CoU,*Vo‘ Cutm therein, or leading thereunto, or atw of them, to be turned or altered in such Manner as they shall think tcr, *c* proper, and to direct any Grate or Giatcs, already placed, or hereafter to be placed, over any Sewers, to

be removed and replaced in such Manner, and at such Place and Places, as they shall think most proper so as the same be not prejudicial to the public Sewers; all which shall, from time to time, be done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, and paid for out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; any Law,

L'i-igc, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as there shall be Occasion to make any Corr.rntflW.frt

new, or to repair any Grate or Grates now being over any Sewer or Sewers, belonging to the Conirrnf- ct 10

fionert of Sewers in the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, or Court, or any of them, the same shall rcPa,f

be kC,‘

304 C. 54.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

To repair, empty. and clvanfe old Drains.

New Sewers and Grates shall be made by Commissionert for paving, at their own Expence, nd afterwards tfiaTte cle-infect and repaired by Commissioners of Sewers at their Expence.

When Works to be done by the Commissioners of Sewers, the CJeik of the Commissioners of Pavement to give Notice to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Sewers, who is to summon the said Commissioners.

Commissioner* of Sewers neglecting to meet for seven Days, or refofing to fend Jury inten Days to view, or such Jury neglecting or refusing to take such View or make Presentment, or Commissioners of Sewers neglecting for 2^ Days to ouse the Works directed by the Jury to be done} Commissioners, or any

Streets to be watered.

Foot-paths to be swept every Day (except Sunday) between the Hours of Six and Nine.

No Waggon shall stand across the Street longer than for the loading and unloading; nor any

be made new or repaired by and at the Expence of the said Commissioners of Sewers; and the same, when so made new or repaired, 111 all be laid down in such Manner as shall be directed by the Surveyor to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Sewer or Drain, which is or shall be under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers, situate in, or communicating with the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, or any of them, shall require to be repaired, cleansed, or emptied, the said Commissioners of Sewers shall, from time to time, repair, cleanle, and empty the same.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any three or more of them, if they shall think it necessary, to make, or cause to be made, any new public Sewer or Sewers, or public Drain or Drains, to communicate with the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, or any of them, and also any new Grate or Grates, over such Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, and to cause the same to be placed in such Manner as the Surveyor to the said Commissioners shall think proper; and the Expence atrending the making such new Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, and Grate or Grates, shall be paid out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act; and when such Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, Grate or Grates, shall be made and completed, the same shall be under the Care, Management, and Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers, in like Manner as the other Sewers now are; and the said Commissioners of Sewers shall cause such Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, to be, from time to time, for ever after repaiicJ, cleansed, or emptied, and such Grate or Grates to be, from time to time, made new or repaired, as Occasion may require.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall be necessary for the said Commissioners of Sewers to do and perform any of the several Works herein before directed to be done by them, the Clerk to the said Commissioners appointed by this Act: shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Cleric to the Commissioners of Sewers, who shall thereupon forthwith summon the said Commissioners of Sewers to meet, to take the Premises into Consideration, which they are hereby authorised and required to do; and at the same Meeting, or at any adjourned or other Meeting, to exercise the several Powers and Authorities with which they are or shall be inverted: And in case the said Commissioners of Sewers shall neglect or refuse to meet by the Space of seven Days next after such Notice given, or, being met, shall refuse or neglect, for the Space often Days then next, to send out a Jury to view the Place where such Work is thought necessary to be done; or if such Jury shall refuse or neglect to take such View, and make their Presentment thereupon; or in case the said Commissioners of Sewers shall, by the Space of twenty Days next after such Presentment made, neglect or refuse to cause the said Works to be done, if such Jury shall return or report the same necessary, and the said Works can be done and finished within that Time; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any three or more of them, to cause such Works to be done and finished, the Charges and Expences whereof shall be paid by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, who shall be reimbursed the same by the Clerk or Treasurer for the time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers: And in case the said Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners of Sewers shall neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so paid and disbursed, within sixty Days next after Notice thereof for that Purpose shall be left at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode of such Clerk or Treasurer, which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of such Charges and Expences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Clerk, against such Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners of Sewers, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any three or more of them, shall have so expended for any of the Purposes aforesaid; in which Action or Actions no Eiloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

three, to cause such Works to be done, and recover the Expences from the Commissioners of Sewers.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to cause the said Squares, Yards, Streets* Passage and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, to be watered as often as they shall think fit; and also to cause any Well or Wells to be dug and sunk in such Places as they shall think proper; and also any Pump or Pumps to be erected in or near such Places; and also any Pump or Pumps now {landing in any of the said Streets, Squares, Yards, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, to be removed or altered, and to defray the Expences thereof out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement within the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, or the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, shall, from and after one Week from the passing of this Act, fiveep and clean, or cause to be swept and cleansed, the Foot-paths before their respective Houses, Buildings, and Walls, once in every Day, between the Hours of Six and Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon (Sundays excepted) upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect therein, the Sum of five Shillings.

XXXIX. And, for the more speedy Removal of sundry Nuisances and Obstructions in the said Squares,

Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto,’ Be it further enacted, That if any Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, shall be suffered to stand or continue in any Part of any such Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, or the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, longer than is necessary for the loading or unloading thereof; or if any Coach, Chariot, or other

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. J4. 305

Carriage, or any Goods, Materials, or Things whatsoever, shall (land, be placed, laid, and left, in any or the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, or the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, so

to obstruct the free Passage thereof; then, and in every such Case, any one or mo'e of the said Commissioners, or any one or more of their Officers, shall and may seize, or cause to be seized, the Cart, Waggon, Dray, Coach, Chariot, or other Carriage, so placed, or fullered to (land or continue, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, together with the Horse or Horses thereunto belonging, or the Goods, Materials, or Things so laid or placed, and left as aforesaid, and remove the same, or cauic the lame to be removed to such Place or Places, as by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall be appointed for that Purpose, in the Nature of a common Pound, there to be kept, until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, or other Person authorised by him, her, or them, shall and do claim the fume, and pay to the Person or Persons in whole Custody the same shall then be, the Sum of ten Shillings, together with the Charges of removing and keeping the same; a..d in case tire fame shall not be claimed, and the said Sum of ten Shillings, and Charges paid, within the Space of rive Days next after such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to cause the same to be sold, and, after deducting the said Sum of ten Shillings, and the Charges of removing and keeping, appraising and felling the same, the Overplus shall be paid to the Owner or Owners thereof upon Demand.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall lead, run, ride, drive, or cause to b* run, driven, or drawn, any Horse, Mule,- or other Bead, or any Coach, Chariot, Cart, or Wheel or Wheels, Slcvigc, Truck, Cask, Wheelbarrow, or any other Carriage whatsoever, on any Part of the Foot* pavements of any of the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit, for the lirft Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of (orty Shillings.

XLI. Provided always, and e it further enacted, That any Person or Persons shall and may cre£l or set up, or cause to be erected aile let up, in the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Pillages therein, or leading thereunto, or any of them, any Inclosure, Pods, Bars, or Rails, or other Matters or Things for the Purposes of making Mortar, and depositing Bricks, Lime, or other Materials, for building or repairing any Houses, Buildings, or other Works, every such Person or Persons first obtaining Leave under the Hand of the Surveyor or Clerk for the time being of the Arid Commissioners, which he is hereby impowered to give, by their Permission, signed by two or more of them; but if any Person or Persons shall erect or set up, or cause to be ere£fed or set up, any such Inclosures, Polls, Bars, or Rails, or any other Matter or Thing for the Purposes aforesaid, without such Leave first had and obtained, every fuc h Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Shillings, for every Hour such Inclosure, Matter, or Thing as aforesaid, shall remain and continue.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, may order and direct the Houses or other Buildings within the said Squares, Y'ards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, or any of them, to be numbered with Figures placed or pointed on the Doors thereof, or on such other Part of the said Houses and Buildings respectively, as they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think proper; and also may order and direct to be engraved, painted, or otherwise described, on a conspicuous Part of some House or other Building, ar or near the End or Corner of each of the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Pjffjges therein or leading thereunto, the Names by which such respective Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, is usually, or properly called or known: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously tlcstroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Number, Figure, or Name, or any Description, or any Part thereof, or cause and procure the same to be dune, and shall be convicted thereof, by h is, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County, Liberty, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pairing of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and may cause all Signs, or other Emblems, to denote the Trade or Calling of any Person or Persons, which then or at any Lime after shall be placed or hung in any Part of the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, to be fixed or placed on the Fronts of such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings respectively whereunto the same fh til belong: And also, shall and may cause all Sign-poAs, Sign-irons, Polls, Boards, Spouts, Gutters, Pent-houses, Sheds, Rails, Butchers Galiowlcs, or other Things occasioning any Obllrudion, Nui-fan ;e, or Annoyance in the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage and Court, and the Passages therein or lea ring thereunto, to be taken down, removed, or altered in Inch Manner as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think moll proper and convenient; and that for the future, all bigns. Emblems Boards, Spouts or Gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warc-houses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall direct, and not otherwise: And if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hercaster hang, place, erect, or build any Sign, Sign-pod, or Sign-iron, Board, Snout or Gutter, Shed, or Rail, or cause the same to be done in any other Manner than as aforesaid; or shall in any Manner occasion any Obfli uc-tion, Incroachment, Nmlance, or Annoyance in the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, or the Pa flag \s therein, or leading thereunto; every such Person or Persons shall, for the first Offence, forfeit Vol. XL R r and

Coach, Chariots, Goods, Scc.

Prnally on oh-strutting Foot* pvtiu.

Inclos'jpti rr>*y be rru-e ft r the Pur >ofc of building.

Houses to be numfceicd, and Names of Streets painted.

Penalty on Persons defacing Names, ice*

Signs to be removed,

and p’jfced on the Fronts of the Houses,

All future f '70 s t»> be pi. ced v* the Fr< nts or the Houses. Penal:* o»i placing Sit, na

othervvii>,

on Incroach-menes and /ImioyaLCCS,

06 C. 54.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Vm»fed Sign-iroab to be returned.

Building! projecting out may be removed.

Where Persons refulc to treat, See,

Witnesses to be summoned and examined u^on Oath.

Damage and Uccompence,

and pay the Sum of five Pounds; for the second Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds, together with all Costs, Charges and Expences, which shall be paid or laid out by the said Commissioners for removing or altering the same; such Colts, Charges and Expences to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, or in the Court of Requests for the Liberty of the Tower Hamlets,

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Sign, Sign-iron, or Poll, Board, Gutter, Spout, Penthouse, or other Projection, or any Part thereof, shall remain unused after the Alteration made thereto as before directed, the same shall be returned to, and be the Property of the Person to whom the same belonged before such Removal or Alteration.

XLV. And whereas it will tend to the public Convenience if all Buildings, Erections, Shops, Sheds,

Annoyances, and Obstructions, projecting into, upon, or adjoining to the said Squares, Yards, Streets,

Passage and Court, or any or either of them, or the Paffiges therein, or leading thereto, were taken down, removed, or altered / Be it further enacted, That it any Person or Persons whomsoever, in anywise interested in any of the said Premises, upon ten Days Notice to him, her, or them given or left in Writing, and signed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at the House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or at the House, Shop, Shed, or other Place of Abode of the Tenant in Possession of such Premises, shall neglect or retufe to treat, or shall not agree for the Sale of any such Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for their Interest therein; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall cause the Value of the Premises to be enquired into, and ascertained by and on the Oath of a Jury of twelve indifferent Men of the County of Middlesex (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer) and what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested in the Premises before mentioned, or any Part or Parts thereof, which the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think proper to be pulled down, altered, or removed, for their respective Interests therein; and, in order thereunto, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, as they shall see Occasion, to fumtpon and call before the said Jury, and to examine upon Oath, all such Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, which Oath the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them. Jury to aflefttbt aic hereby impowered and required to administer: And if any of the Parties interested shall request the same, or the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think it necessary, mall also

cause the said Jury to view the Place or Places in Question, and shall use all other Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit: And, after the said Jury shall have so enquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall thereupon order and adjudge the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury for such Premises as aforesaid, to be paid to the Person or Persons interested in the Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, according to the Verdict and Inquisition; and the Order and Adjudication so had and made, shall be final and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remain* der, or otherwise, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, and Successors respectively, as well absent as present; Infants, Femes-covert, Lunatics, Idiots, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever; as well as all other Person and Persons whomsoever, and all and every Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, in anywise interested in the Premises, or in any Part and Parts thereof, shall, from and after Tender or Payment of the Money so assessed and adjudged as aforesaid, in Manner hereafter directed, be hereby, to all Intents and Purposes, diveiled of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property of, in, or to the same; and the lame shall, and are hereby verted in the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of this Act,

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be intitled either in Reversion or Remainder

for the Premisei to any such Premises, the Money so awarded by a Jury as a Satisfaction shall be settled to the same Usea settled to like as the Premises were, unless such Person so interested shall consent to give up such reversionary Interest.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That, for the summoning and returning of such Jury or Juries, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered, from time to time, to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex, notwithstanding the said Place ill which the said Premises shall be situate shall be within any Liberty or Royalty, thereby requiring him or them to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; of which Time and Place all Parties interested shall have ten Days Notice in Writing, to be left at the House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or at the House, Shop, Shed, or other Place of Abode of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required and impowered to impannel, summon, and return such twenty-four Persons accordingly, out of the County at large; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall cause to be drawn, in such Manner as Juries for Trial of I flues in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries^ are directed to be drawn, twelve Persons, and shall cause the said twelve Persons to be sworn, who shall be the

Jury

Verdict of the Jury to be rioal.

Money swarded

Uses,

Sheriff*, tee, to ftmxnoa a Jury,

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 54. 307

Jury for the Purposes aforesaid: And for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return so many of the Standers-by as shall be necefliiry to make up the Number of Twelve to serve on such Jury.

XLVIII. Provided always, That in case the said Sum or Sums to be assessed by the said Jury, and or- UnlefiSitisrac. dered and adjudged by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to be paid as a Satisfaction to tion be made the Owners, Occupiers, or others, for their respective Interests in the said Premises, shall not be paid, withi'’a Month» tendered, or left as herein mentioned, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, within one 1X01 Calendar Month after the same shall have been lo assessed, ordered, and adjudged; then, and in such Case, *n the Verdict of the said Jury, and Order and Adjudication of the said CointniHioners, or any three or more of them, shall not be binding upon the said Parties; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwiih-standing.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons concerned shall, from time to time, have j,ror« miy be their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be (worn, but shall not be at challenge. Liberty to challenge the Array: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, acting in the Pmalty on SHe-Premises, shall have Power, from time to time, 10 impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, or r ft's&c. making his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or Agents, making Default in the Premises; and on any of the Persons L)clault* who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or shall refuse to be sworn on such Jury, or to give their Verdict, or in any Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of the Persons who, being required to give Evidence touching the Premises, mall refuse to be examined or give Evidence; and, from time to time, to levy such Fine not to ex» Fine or Fines, in such Manner as any Penalties in this Act are directed to be levied and recovered, so that cecd 10 do Fine shall exceed the Sum of ten rounds upon any one Person for anyone Offence.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sums of Money fcall inc»fcofDrf-be so assessed, or due as aforesaid, cannot be found within three Weeks from the Time of making such Ad-

judication; or if by reason of Disputes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Default of Evidence, or otherwise, it shall not appear to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, what Person or Persons is or are intitled to the same; or if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees cannot be found as aforesaid, or shall refuse to take in his, her, or their Mortgage-money, due upon the Premises, after Notice given to him, her, or them, for that Purpose; then, and in all and every such Case or cases, it shall aH may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to order the Sum or S ms so assessed and awarded as aforesaid, or as shall be due oft any such Mortgage, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name or Names ex parte of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners for the time being, for the Use of the Parties interested in the said Premises, to be paid to them, and every of them, according to their respective Estates and Interests in the said Premises, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, by any Order to be by them made, direct.

LI. And whereas the said Sauares, Yards, Streets, raffage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or steps, &c. to bs leading thereunto, are in some Parts thereof greatly obstructed, and made dangerous to Foot Passengers, removed.

by Steps or Slopes being brought out from Houses, and by Steps and Doors going down into Cellars,

Vaults, or other Places, and by Shew-glafies, Shew-boards, and other Matters or Things projeding from Shops or Houses, over and beyond the Area belonging to such Houses, or into the Foot-ways Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all such Steps or Slopes projeding into the Foot-ways of the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto; and all Steps and Doors going down out of the Foot-ways into any Cellars, Vaults, or other Places belonging to any House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, or other Building, which do or shall cause or occasion any Nuisance, Annoyance, Incroachment, or Obstruction in the said Squares, Yards,

Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, or any of them (either in the Foot or Carriage'way thereof) shall be, at the Expence of the said Commissioners, from time to time, removed, fixed, placed, or altered in such Manner and Form as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or by their Surveyor.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall come with any Cart Time of or Carts, or begin to empty any Boghouse or Boghouses, Cefpool or Cefpools, or to take away any emptying Bog* Ni^ht-foil from any House or Houses within any of the said Squares, Yards; Streets, Passage, and Court, house* before the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Night, or shall continue to take away the same after the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Morning, from Michaelmas to Lady-day, or after the Hour of Five of the Clock in the Morning, from Lady-day to Michaelmas; or if any Person shall put or call, or cause to be put or cast, out of any Cart, Tub, or otherwise, in or near any of the Squares, Streets, Passage, and Court, any such Night-foil; it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Watchmen to be appointed by the Penalty for said Commissioners, (and they are hereby strictly required and directed so to do) or any other Person or Per- Offence*, so ns whomsoever, to apprehend and carry him or them, guilty of either of the said Offences, to the Watch*house of the find Parish; and from thence, as soon as conveniently may be, before fqme Justice of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place where the same shall happen, who, upon Oath made of such Offence or Offences as aforesaid (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) shall and may fine such Person or Persons so offending in any Sum not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, and nut less than the Sum of forty Shillings; and, in Default of immediate Payment thereof, shall and may commit such Person or Persons, guilty of any of the said Offences, to the Common Gaol for the said County, Liberty, or Place, for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor less than five Days, there to be kept to hard Labour; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to order any Sum, not exceeding tea Shillings, nor less than two

30§ C. 54. Anno undecimo Georgii III. -A. 0.1771.

Shillings and Sixpence, to be paid to the Person who shall detest, apprehend, and convey before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, any such Person or Persons, guilty as aforesaid, to be paid out of the Fine hereby before inflicted; or, in case the Offender shall be committed, out of the Rates to be raised by virtue of this Act.

Inhabitants to

LIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon any of the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Surle*omwhen ^a^ri8e> an^ Court, shall actually be repaved, relaved, or repaired, by the said Commissioners, by virtue Pavlments^wiint this Act, if any HouLholder or Householders shall make Complaint in Writing, under his, her, or their any Repairs, Hand or Hands, and shall leave the lime at thelaif or usual Place of Abode of the Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners of any Defect or want of Repair in any of the Pavements of the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court; then and in every such Case, the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall view the said Pavement, and report the Condition there-.f to the said Commissioners, at their next Meeting; and if the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to whom such Notice shall be given, or left as aforesaid, shall, upon such View, find the Pavement complained of to be bad and defective funless it shall appear toarile from a Defect relating to the Water-pipes lying under such Pavement) the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall give Order to their Contractor or Contractors, Pavioror Paviors, to repair the same, within such Time as they shall judge necessary for the Repair thereof, which Time shall be specified in such Order; and if the Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, to whom such Order shall be given, shall not repair and amend such Pavement, within such Time as he or they shall be directed by the said Commissioners, to repair and amend the same; then and in every such Case, the said Contractor or Contractors, Pavioror Paviors, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Day that the said defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired, after the Time limited by the said Commissioners, in their said Order: And one half of every such Penalty shall be applied and paid to such complaining Inhabitants for his or her Lofa of Time and Trouble in and about the Premises, and the other half of such Penalty for defraying the Charges and Expences attending the Execution of the several Powers by this Act granted. Assessments to

LIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, a Rate, or Assessment tx maoe yearly, (over and above all Rates and Assessments now payable) shall, once in every Year, or oftener, if it shall be thought needful by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, be made, laid, charged, and assessed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, upon ail and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, possess, or enjoy any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement or Hereditament, within any of the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, or Court, for raising such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall from time to time think needful, and direct, so as such Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments, do not in any one Year exceed, in the Whole, the Sum of three Shillings in the Pound, of the yearly Rents, or yearly Value of such of the said Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, as shall be situate in any of the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons charged to the Rates or AfletT-merits to be made by virtue of this Act, shall not be charged or chargeable to any other Rate or Assessment whatsoever, made or to be made for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, or watching the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, or Court, or the rafiages therein, or leading thereunto, or any of them.

Corner or a<3-

LVI. And whereas several Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other Buildings in the said Squares, Yards,

Ho lies, Streets, Pafliige, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, are partly situate within the

hun ro It rated. fame, and are partly situate in, or do adjoin to or abutt upon other Streets, Lanes, Ways, or Passages,

which are nor within or Part of the aforesaid Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, intended to be paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and such Houses, or Warehouses, Shops, or other Buildings are, or may be obliged to contribute to the paving, clcanling, lighting, or watching such other Streets, Lanes, Ways, or Passages, or are, or may be subject to be rated and taxed towards paving, or repairing, cleansing, lighting, or watching such other Streets, Lanes, Ways, or Passages, in which the same are partly situate, or do thereto adjoin or 3butt ;5 Be it therefore further enacted, That such Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other Buildings, IT all be only rated and taxed for the Purpose in this Act at such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable, not exceeding One fourth of the Rate they would have been rated and taxed at, if such Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other Buildings had flood wholly within the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, intended to be paved or repaired by virtue of this Act.

Cnrr>TTuf)!on<?rs 4

LVII. And whereas it may be reasonable to excuse some Persons from the Payment of the aforesaid impowered to Rates or Assessments in Part, on account of their Poverty For Relief therefore in such Case, be it fur-confound with therenacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five le ft ihln kali of or more of them* and they are hereby authorised and impowered to grant to such Person or Persons such the Kates, Relief in the Payment of the said Rate or Assessment, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper, so as the Reduction doth not exceed one half of the Rate or Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act.

Houfrs let$i

LVIII. And whereas many Houses within the said Squires, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, are, Tefccmentsjhow by the several Owners and Proprietor* thereof, let out in Lodgings and Tenements, to divers Tenants, so feezed/ whereby it will be difficult to rate or a fiefs the said Tenants in respect of such Houses, or to recover such Rates and AfiefTmems when made For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to rate and assess the Owner or Owners* Proprietor or Proprietors of such Iioulcs or Tenements as shall be let to* or occupied by two 1 or

A.D. 177r. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 54. 309

or more Tenants, which Rate or Assessment shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses and Tenements, and the Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses or Tenements is and are hereby authoris d and required to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so rated or assessed upon the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, the same being duly demanded of such Occupier or Occupiers, and to deduct the same out of his, her, or their respective Rents; and the Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors of such Houses or Tenements is and are hereby directed and required to allow such Deductions and Payments, upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their Rents; and every such Occupier paying such Assessment or Alldlments, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from so much of his or her Rent, as the said Assessment or Assessments so paid by him or her shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons to whom his or her Rent shall be due and payable; and in Default of Payment of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, the same shall be and remain a Charge upon the said Premises, and shall and may be recovered of and from the Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Wejht.hiJJcr^ or in the Court for the Recovery of small Debts within the Tower Ham-Icts, to be commenced and prosecuted by and in the Name or Names of any two or more of the said Commissioners, or of the Collector or Collectors to be appointed by virtue of this Act; in which Action or Suit no Protection, Eflbin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commis- Power tocom-fionets, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound with the Owner or Owners, Propri- pound, ctor or Proprietors of any such Houses or Tenements, the annual Rent or Value whereof shall be under ten Pounds, for the Rate by this Act authorised to be laid upon such Houses or Tenements, so as in such Com-pofttion there be not remitted to any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, more than One-third of the Rate or Assessment by this Act laid upon such Houses or Tenements respectively.

LX. And, forasmuch as it is reasonable that all public Buildings, Warehouses, and all dead Walls, Public Build- and void Spaces of Ground, within or adjoining to the said Squares, Yard*?, Streets, Passage, and Court, ing%&c. to be or the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, mould be rated and assessed in due Proportion, towards the rated* paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the r adages therein, or leading thereunto Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby required to rate and allcfs nil Houses, Church-yards, Chapels, Warehouses, and other public Buildings whatsoever; and all dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, within the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, or any of them, at such Rate as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall judge reasonable for every square Yard of such Churches, Church-yards, Ch i-pels Warehouses, and public Buildings, and all dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, not exceeding the Rate of Sixpence in the Pound, for every square Yard of Pavement belonging to every such Church, Church-yard, Chapel, Warehouses, public Buildings, and void Spaces of Ground; and such Rate or Pairs, A !ii Ament or Assessments, so to be from time to time made upon any Church, Church-yard, or ChjpJ, shall be paid by the respective Church or Chapel-wardens; and such R :te or Rates, AiTcssmentor A Aliments, so to be from time to time made upon any Warehouses, public Buildings, or upon any dead Wall, or void Spaces of Ground, shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that any of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Ware-houses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, within the said Squares, Yards, Street:., Passage, and li lies to be Court, shall at the Time of making any of the said Rates or A lie Aments be empty, untemnted, or un-)c-,ilt0* cupied; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the fain Conir.nl doners, or any five or more of them, to rate and a dels the said Premises, and in such C: fa, ns well in case the HiJ P;e-mises shall, after the making of such Rate or Rates, AllJlment or Aik Aments, become empty, ur, tenacted, or unoccupied. One-third of such Rate or Assessment shall be a Charge on Inch Prcnfltes respectively, and be paid by the full 1'emnt or Occupier thereof, who shall at d may, and H hereby authorised to deduct and retain the same out of his, her, or their Rerrs, and the Lmdiord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of such Premises, is and are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Abatement upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their respective Rents; and the Tenant or Occupier shall be, and is heicby acquitted and discharged of and from io much of his or her Rent as the Rate cr Assessment 10 paid by him or her shall amount unto.

LXII. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Person or Persons who (In1! be rated or nf- M.rrxroftf sessed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money so rated or a lie fled for c',veiias111® the Apace of fourteen Days next alter the same shall be due and demanded by the* Colleuoi or Collectors au*h*niled and appointed to collect and receive the same (such DemanJ being either personr lly ma ie of the red. erive Terflrn or Persons so charged, or left in Writing at his, her, or their rd, (.dive Hoafc or Houses, or P-Lce or Phases of Abode); then, and in every such Case, i: Audi and m iv be lawful 10 and for such Collect or or Collectors, every or any of them, having a Warrant under the Hind and Seal c»t any Justice of the* Peace f r the County of Midu'tjex^ or for the Liberty of hh *Majesty's Tower of Lot: i.i 1 which Warrant the (a;d Collector and Collectors is and are hereby required to app v for, and tic JuiAce so ap./ied to i> b'wbv authorised and required to grant), with the AfliAance ol a vMuiuh.e, or other Peace Udicer ot tnc i a; ith wh.eic the Person or Persons so refuting or negLvtirg Hi ill refllc, to ei.tr into the House or 1 ioufe -, Apartment or Apartments, of the Person or Pulons so rending or neg, ec'ing as aforesaid, and then and there to distrain his, her, or their Gjods and Caatr.ls; and it tnc lame ihu.i nut be replevied, or

c.

510 C. 54.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

such Rate or Assessment paid, within five Days next after such Distress *made, together with the Costs and Charges thereof, then to sell and dispose of so much and such Part of the said Goods and Chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Assessment, with the Costs and Charges attending such Distrefe and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels (the said Costs and Charges to be settled and allowed by such Justice who shall have granted such Warrant For want of or Warrants respectively): And in case no such Goods and Chattels can be found to be so distrained, or in Distref*, or Case such Goods and Chattels shall be locked up, or secured, or removed from the said Collector or Col-

Good* secreted, ]e&or8j f0 that be or they cannot distrain the same; then, and in either of the said cases, upon Inforraa-

committed. tion thereof given to any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the said County or Liberty, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to commit the Person or Persons so assessed, and refusing or neglecting to pay the same Rates, to the common Gaol for the County, Liberty, or Place,

where such Person or Persons shall reside, or shall be found, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize,

for any Time not exceeding two Months, or until the Payment of such Rate or Assessment, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof.

OecopieM qmt-

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons who shall or may be rated or af-

tingwithout sessed by virtue of this Act shall quit his, her, or their Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Shop, Vault, Cel-

P*, in^Mlc* ar* Tenement, or Hereditament, whereupon such Rate or Assessment shall be made, before he, she, or may be followed. t)jey have pajd the famCj an(j shall afterwards refuse to pay the same when due, and demanded by the Person or Persons authorised or appointed to collect and receive the same; that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, and every or any of them, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Justice of the Peace acting in and for the said County, or for the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London (which Warrant the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to grant) to enter into any Place within his Jurisdiction, or out of the Limits thereof, such Warrant being nrft backed or countersigned by some Magistrate in the County, City, or Liberty, where the Distress is to be made, and to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, and the same to sell and dispose of, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person who shall be appointed to the Office or Duty of Collector of the said Rates and Assessments, or any Part thereof, being an Inhabitant of the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, or Court, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to take such Office and Duty upon him, within the Space of ten Days next after such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid shall be made, and delivered or tendered to him, every Person so refusing or neglecting, and also every such Person who shall be negligent in the Performance or Execution of his Duty, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

LXV. Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall be obliged to serve the said Office of Collector oftener f«rve above once than once in two Years.

in of Col

LXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any Collector of the said Rates or Assessments shall

le<^or« becoming^ecome insolvent, or shall imbezzle or make away with, detain or misapply, any Sum or Sums of Money insolvent, the so collected by him for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall die possessed of any Sum or Sums of Money by him collected by virtue of this Act, or so as the same cannot be obtained by the Time the said Commissioners shall stand in need thereof, for the Purposes for which the same was collected; then, and in every such Case, such Sum and Sums of Money shall be again rated and act'efled by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, in the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, or Court, for which such Person shall have been appointed Collector, in such Proportion and Manner as the Rates are directed to be made by this Act:; and shall be collected and recovered in such Manner, and under such Penalties, as are herein provided for collecting and recovering the Rates due and payable by this Act.

Agreement be-^

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed tweenLandlwd or taken make void any Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement between Landlord and Tenant, touching touching*the anc* concerning the paving, cleansing, lighting, or watching of the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, paving, &c. not and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, or any Part of them, or any Drain, or Water-vacated, course therein, but that every Person who is now, by virtue of any such Contract or Agreement, obliged to

pave, cleanse, or keep in Repair, any Part of the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, or any Part of them, or any Drain or Watercourse therein, shall, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the said Rates hereby direct d to be made and assessed, or so much thereof as shall, by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, be deemed just and reasonable, according to the true Meaning of such Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during such Time as such Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement shall remain in Force; and in case any Dispute shall arise concerning such Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have Power, and they are hereby required to hear and finally determine the same

LXVIII. And, for the more effectually enabling the said Commissioners to execute the Purposes of c this Act in the most expeditious Manner/ It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby impowered, from time to °fth1R ^rCd,t t*mc> w^cn they shall judge it necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to borrow and take up at Inten d any q e m gum or sums Money, not exceeding one thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, and by any Writing or Writings upon Vellum or Parchment, signed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to assign the said Rates and Assessments, or a competent Part thereof, to any such Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money thereon, as a Security

Penalty on Collectors refusing to execute the Office,

None liable to

Monies to be again airefled.

Commissioners impowered to borrow Money

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 54. 311

or Securities for the several Sumsfo borrowed, with legal or less Interest for the same; which Interest shall be payable half-yearly, and paid by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, out of the Monies to arise by or from the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act.

LXIX. And whereas many Persons may chuse to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities, to be For borrowing € secured upon and payable out of the said Rates and Assessments Be it further enacted, That it shall and Monies by An. may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said"'dbe*on Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of every such Contributor or Contributors respectively, or the natural Life of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such Contributor or Contributors respectively, at the Time of Payment of his, her, or their respective Contri-but'OR-money, so as the said Annuity or Annuities do not exceed the Rate of nine Pounds by the hundred by the Ye^r, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum to be paid as aforesaid; and Cj as the said Annuities to be purchased in pursuance of this Act do not, at any Time, exceed in the Whole the Sum of cne thousand PcFnid*.

LXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the better to enable the Commissioners toAnmfit, nt, raise Money to pay the Money borrowed on the said Rates, and until the said Sum of one thousand Pounds, uyr a to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, shall be fully paid and Ltisfied, that when and as often as any such for

Annuitant or Annuitants shall die, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to purchase of the thari-ite*. laid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, one or more Annuity or Annuities, in the Room of such Annuitant or Annuitants so dying, upon the Life of such Person or Persons, upon such Terms and Conditions, and payable in such Manner as above mentioned, so that the Sum or Sums to be contributed for the Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted by virtue of this Act shall at no Time exceed the said Sum of one thousand Pounds.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased under and Anno'*ita by virtue of this Act, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from time time, out of the Monies arising by the Rates and AUeflments aforesaid; and all and every the Contributor 111' * and Contributors upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase money as aforesaid, for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this Act, to have, receive, and enjoy, the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased out of the said Rates and Assessments by this Act appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to be nominated by each Purchaser or Contributor as before mentioned: And that all and every such Purchaser or Purchasers, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have good, sure, absolute, and in-dcfeafible Estates and Interests in the Annuity or Annuities so by him, her, or them respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act: And that none of the said Annuities shall now, or hereafter, be subject or liable to the Tax charged, or to be charged upon Land by Authority of Parliament; and that every Contributor for the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase money, shall have a Receipt or Receipts for the same; and also an Order on Parchment (which may be made without any Stamp) for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and by four equal quarterly Payments in every Year, the first of the said Payments to be made at the Expiration of the first Quarter next after Payment of the respective Purchase-monies; which Order shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; and after signing thereof, the same shall be firm, valid, and of good Effect in the Law, according to the true Purport and Meaning of this Act.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time bein£ shall toentcf enter in a Book or Books, to be for that Purpose provided and kept by the said Commissioners, all Securi- Monlttborrew!* ties for Monies borrowed or Annuities granted by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and all Alignments ored>0r Annuities Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, grimed, and other Descriptions of all such Persons as shall from time to time be intitled to such Securities, and the Sums received upon such Securities; and also the Name, Surname, Addition, Place of Abode, and other Description of every Person for whose Life any Annuity shall be granted by virtue of this Act, and the Days whereon the said Annuity shall be payable, to which Book and Books the Person and Persons intitled to and

f>o(Tcfied of such Annuity, and having lent any Monies as aforesaid, and all and every the Person or Persons liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments shall, at all reasonable Times, have Access, with free Liberty to insped the same, without Fee or Reward.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons Assignment* intitled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at T11? be transc any Time or Time, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively, to assign or transfer fcrr,d* such Securities by Indorsement on the Back thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so totter quo-tier; and such Assignments or Transfers, after they shall respectively be entered by the Clerk to the said Afiipnmenti to Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, which he is hereby required to do without Fee or Reward, shall intitle gC *£tered the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, or their respective Execu- ° tors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so assigned or transferred.

LXXIV. And be it further enadrd, That all Monies raised or collected by virtue or by means, or Money vefledin tinder the Authority of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and Com«Ufion«w# Aull be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

JI2

Expences of the Act to be defrayed out of the first Money arising by the Tolls. Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied*

[Proviso.]

Justices may administer Oaths.

Justices may act although Commissioners.

Commissioner* to dcfiay their own Expences.

Diflrefr. not to be deemed unlawful for want of Form,

nor the Party

distraining be deemed a Tref-paffcr ab initio. Plaintiff's not to recover if Tender of Amends be made.

Writings to be without Stamps.

Orders, &c. to be entered in Books.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Seffioni*

C. 54. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

LXXV. Provided, al ways, and be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of procuring and

passing this Act, shall be paid out of the Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the County, Liberty, or Place where the Offence shall be committed; which Warrant such Justice is hereby impow’ered and required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall he so distrained, (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deduced) shall be paid to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the time being, and be applied towards the Purposes of this Act: And in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be comm tted to the Common Gaol of the County where such Offence shall be committed, or where such Offender shall be convicted thereof, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding two Months, nor less than one Wetk, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, from time to time, if they shall see Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures thereof as they shall think proper, not exceeding one Half thereof, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXVIII. And be it further ena^cd, That, in all Cases where Cognizance is given to any Justice or Justices of the Peace by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath to any Person for his or their more certain Jnfo:mation in the Matter then depending.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middiefe*, or for any Justice or Justices for the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London* although such Justice or Justices shall be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, to hear and determine any Offences arising within their respective Jurisdictions, which are made punishable by virtue of this Act.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings under this Act, pay and defray their own Lxpefices.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That wdiere any Distress or Sale shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the lame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on Account of any Defect or want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be hereafter done by the Party or Parties distraining or felling; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover such Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Cale.

LXXXII. Provided always, That no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if l ender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf the Party or Parties w ho shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrong Proceeding before such Action brought; and the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, may, at any Time before Issue joined, pay into Court such Sums of Money as he or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as^n other Actions where the Defendant shall be allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Contract, Bond, Warrant, Judgement, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by any other Person or Persons whomsoever relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, or any of them, at all their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such O de;s and Proceedings To entered shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks, at any Meeting of three or more of the said Commissioners assembled, as the CaTe shall require; and such Order shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders for that Purpose j which Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Tiling done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may, within three Months next after the Cause of Complaint ilia)] arise, appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of Middlesex, or Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, five Days Notice in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Caules thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and, within fourteen Days next after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance or Recognizances, before some Justice of the Peace in and for the said County or Liberty, with twosufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, mentioned in such Notice,

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

3*3

A.D. 1771.

a 54.

and abide the Order, ind pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices 5 and the Matter of such Appeal shall be heard and determined by the said Justices at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held in and for the said County or Liberty, or any Adjournment thereof, or at any Adjournment or the then last General Sessions of the Peace in and for the said County or Liberty, which shall first happen next after the Expiration of one Month from the Day of giving such Notice; and the said Justices, at such Sessions or Adjournment, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance or Recognizances, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs for the Appellant or Appellants, or Respondent or Respondents, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to and upon all Parties concerned or interested therein.

LXXXVI. Provided always, That upon all Appeals from any of the Rates or Assessments to be made or Just’ce* to imposed by the Authority of this Act, the Justices of the Peace (where they shall see just Cause for Relief; meni Rate* ar* Hull, and are hereby impowered to amend the same Rates and Assessments, in such Manner only as shall be necessary for giving Relief to the Persons so appealing, without altering such Rates or Assessments with Rates!

respect to any other Persons mentioned in the same.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any proceeding not Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or to be quafoed fur transacted, in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form, or be want of Form removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Re- oniy# cord at H eft mi njier 5 any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced, or prose- Limitation of cuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless thirty Days Notice Actions, thereof shall be first given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, signed by the Plaint’ff or Plaintiffs, or unless the same shall be commenced before the Expiration of six Months next after the Fast committed, or unless Tender of reasonable Amends hath not, or shall not have been made by or t

on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, nor unless such Action or Suit shall be '

laid and brought in the County of Middlesex\ and the Defendant or Defendants, in any Action or Suit to be commenced for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall and may plead the General issue, and General Issuer give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or ^uit shall be brought, was done in pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act: And if such Matter or Thing shall appear to have been Co done, or if it shall appear, that such Action or Suit was brought before thirty Days Notice thereof was given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Commissioners. signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; or if -it shall appear, that such Action or Suit was not commenced before the Expiration of six Months next after the Fast committed; or if it (half anpear that Tender of reasonable Amends was made by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, before such Action or Suit was commenced or brought, or such At :ion or Suit shall be brought in any other County or Place than the County of Middlesex^ that then the Jury shall find for the Dee ndant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants (h 11 have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall, and may recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Treble Costs* Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

---

[Public Act.]

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomever, without specially pleading the same.

314. C. 55. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

CAP. LV.

An Act to incapacitate John Burnett, Charles Hannington, Thomas Haselgrove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Parsons, Thomas Snook junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington, John Robinson, William Cheeseman, George Browne, John Parsons, John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas Crowter, Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman, John Dean, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsflesh, John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook junior, Richard Tilstone, William Turner, Walter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathaniel Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John Ashman, William Cooter, Thomas Frost, Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durrant, Emery Churcher, Walter Broad, Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Clement Freeman, William Jupp, Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar, otherwise Miller, William Newnham, Jeffery Carver, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedman senior, William Jennings, William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rusbridge, Henry Robinson, and Henry Hannington, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a wicked and corrupt Society, calling itself the Christian Society, hath for several Years subsisted in the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, and consisted of a great Majority of Persons having a Right to vote at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And whereas it appears that the chief End of the Institution of the said Society was for the Purpose of selling, from time to time, the Seat or Seats in Parliament for the said Borough: And whereas John Burnett, Charles Hannington, Thomas Haselgrove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Parsons, Thomas Snook junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington, John Robinson, William Cheeseman, George Browne, John Parsons, John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas Crowter, Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman, John Dean, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsflesh, John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook junior, Richard Tilstone, William Turner, Walter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathaniel Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John Ashman, William Cooter, Thomas Frost, Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durrant, Emery Churcher, Walter Broad, Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Clement Freeman, William Jupp, Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar, otherwise Miller, William Newnham, Jeffery Carver, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedman senior, William Jennings, William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rusbridge, Henry Robinson, and Henry Hannington, were Members of the said Society: In order therefore to prevent such unlawful Practices for the future, and that the said Borough from henceforth be duly represented in Parliament, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said John Burnett, Charles Hannington, Thomas Haselgrove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Parsons, Thomas Snook junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington, John Robinson, William Cheeseman, George Browne, John Parsons, John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas Crowter, Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman, John Dean, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsflesh, John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook junior, Richard Tilstone, William Turner, Walter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathaniel Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John Ashman, William Cooter, Thomas Frost, Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durrant, Emery Churcher, Walter Broad, Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Clement Freeman, William Jupp, Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar, otherwise Miller, William Newnham, Jeffery Carver, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedman senior, William Jennings, William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rusbridge, Henry Robinson, and Henry Hannington, shall be, and, by virtue of this Act, are from henceforth incapacitated and disabled from giving any Vote at any Election for the chusing a Member or Members to serve in Parliament.

[Freeholders above 21 Years of Age, of 40s. annually, intitled to vote.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for every Freeholder, being above the Age of one and twenty Years, who shall have within the Rape of Bamber, in the said County of Sussex, a Freehold of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, to give his Vote at every Election of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of New Shoreham.

[Right of Election, in whom vested.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right of Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of New Shoreham shall be, and is hereby declared to be, in such Freeholders as aforesaid, and in the Persons who, by the Custom and Usage of the said Borough, have, or shall hereafter have, a Right to vote at such Election, those whose Names are mentioned herein,

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 55. 315

and incapacitated and disabled by this Act, only excepted; and the Constable, or other proper Officer for the time being, to whom the Return of such Writ or Precept does belong, is hereby required to return the Person or Persons to serve in Parliament for the said Borough who shall have the major Number of Votes of such Freeholders and other Persons having a Right to vote at such Election (except such Persons as are herein before excepted); any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Freeholders, before admitted to poll, to take the following]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Freeholder, before he is admitted to poll at any Election for the said Borough, shall, if required by the Candidates, or any of them, or any other Person having a Right to vote at the said Election, first take the Oath (or being one of the People called Quakers, the solemn Affirmation) following; videlicet,

[Oath.]

"YOU shall swear, or, being a Quaker, solemnly affirm, That you are a Freeholder in the Rape of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, and have a Freehold Estate, consisting of ________ (specifying the Nature thereof, and if it consists in Messuages, Lands, or Tithes, in whose Occupation the same are; and if in Rent, the Names of the Owners or Possessors of the Tenements out of which such Rent is issuing, or of some of them), lying or being at ________ within the Rape of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the same; and that you have been in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof for your own Use above twelve Calendar Months (or that the same came to you within the Time aforesaid by Descent, Marriage, Marriage-settlement, Devise, or Promotion to a Benefice in a Church, or by Promotion to an Office); and that such Freehold Estate has not been granted or made to you fraudulently, on Purpose to qualify you to give your Vote; and that the Place of your Abode is at ________ in ________ and that you are twenty-one Years of Age, as you believe; and that you have not been polled before at this Election."

Which Oath, or solemn Affirmation, the Constable, or other proper Officer to whom the Return of any Writ or Precept for such Election shall belong, is hereby required to administer:

[Persons guilty of Perjury, &c. liable to the Penalties as directed by]

And in case any Freeholder or other Person taking the said Oath or Affirmation hereby appointed, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, and be thereof convicted; or if any Person shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any Freeholder or other Person to take the said Oath or Affirmation, in order to be polled, whereby he shall commit such wilful Perjury, and shall be thereof convicted, he and they, for every such Offence respectively, shall incur such Penalties as are inflicted on Persons guilty of Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury, in and by two Acts of Parliament, one made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth,

[Act 5 Eliz.]

(intituled, An Act for punishing such Persons as shall procure or commit wilful Perjury, or suborn or procure any Person to commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury); and the other made in the second Year of his late Majesty's Reign,

[and Act 2 Geo. II.]

(intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing and further Punishment of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, and to make it Felony to steal Bonds, Notes, or other Securities for Payment of Money), contrary to the said Acts.

[Constable to back a Precept the Day of the Receipt thereof.]

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Constable, or other proper Officer, to whom any Writ or Precept shall be directed for making any Election for the said Borough, shall, upon the Reception of such Writ or Precept, indorse upon the Back thereof the Day of his Receipt thereof, in the Presence of the Party from whom he received such Precept; and shall forthwith cause public Notice to be given within the said Borough of New Shoreham, and at the Towns of Bramber and Steyning, in the said County of Sussex, by fixing up a Notice thereof in Writing on the Market-houses, or on the Doors of the Churches of the said Towns, of the Day of Election; and shall proceed to Election thereupon, within the Space of twelve Days, and not less than eight Days, next after his Receipt of the same Precept.

[The Act to be read publickly.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be publickly read at every Election for the said Borough of New Shoreham, immediately after the Acts directed by any Act of Parliament to be read thereat, and before the Persons present shall proceed to make such Election.

316 C. 56. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for diverting out of the Crown, and to vest in Gerald Fitzgerald of Ratbrone, in the County of Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland Esquire, and his Heirs, the Reversion in Fee of and in Several Lands in Ireland therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

---

Act if & jz Gul. 111.

Act 1 Anrue.

Tender of Chim to the Commissioners, c

WHEREAS his Majesty King Charles the Second, by Letters Patent bearing Date the twelfth of December, in the thirty-frali Ytrar of his Reign, did grant unto Gerald Fitzgerald of Ratbrone, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to his Heirs and Assigns for ever, the Town and Lands of Ratbrone aforesaid, and several other Lam’s in the Counties of Eafhneath, Weshr.eath, Kildare, and Cavan, to have and c to hold the same to the said Gerald, his Heirs and Asigns for ever, subject to several yearly Quit-rents payable thereout, as by the said Letteis Patent inrolled in the Rolls Office of his Majesty's Court of Chan- eery in Ireland may more at large appear: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King IVtiUam the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of the so felted and other Efates and Intends in Ireland, and by a Land-tax in England, for the several Vurposes therein mentioned, all Honours, Manors, Lands, Terte- ments, Rents, Reversions, Remainders, and other Hi reuitaments therein mentioned, the Estates of Persons who flood convicted or attainted o* High Tieaion or Rebellion, or other Treason committed in so- reign Parts since the thirteenth Day of February, one thousand six hundred and eighty-tight, were thereby vested in Trustees therein named, and their Heirs, according to the several Estates and Interests which the said Persons had therein, to the Eod the same might be fold and disposed of for the several Purposes therein mentioned, subject nevertheless to such Decrees or Adjudications as the said Trustees should make in favour of Persons interfiled in such EiEtes previous to such Attainders; and when any of the said Persons were seised of an Estate-tail only in the said Honours, Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, the same were thereby enacted to be vested in the said Trustees and their Heirs, in Fee-simple, to be sold and disposed of as aforesaid, as by the said Act, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear: And whereas by another Act made and passed in the first Year of the Reign of her hie M eetly Queen Anne, all the Estates vested in the Trustees to be sold, which should not be fold before the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and three, or otherwise disposed of pursuant to the former Acts, were veiled in her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for the Uses therein mentioned: And whereas Gerald Fitzgerald and Edward Fitzgerald, Minors, determined by William Fitzgerald of Dublin, Gentleman, their next Friend, did make and tender their Claim to the Trustees or Commissioners appointed to put in Execution the first above-mentioned Act of Parliament, and thereby set forth, that the said Gerald Fitzgerald, their Uncle, being feikd in Fee of and in certain Lands and Tenements therein mentioned, situate and lying in the said Counties of Meath, Kildare, Westmeath, and Cavan, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date the fourth and fifth Days of fane, one thousand six hundred and eighty-five, made betw’ecn the said Gerald Fitzgerald of the one Part, and Charles Alcove, Christopher Cusack, and John Connor, of the other Part; the said Gerald Fitzgerald, by the said Lease, in consideration of five Shillings, did bargain and fell the said Premises to the said Charles Moore and others, to have and to hold, for one Year from the Day next before the Date of the said Lease; and by the said Release, in consideration of five hundred Pounds Sterling by him received from the said John Connor as a Marriage Portion with Mary Fitzgerald, alias Connor, then married Wife of the said Gerald, and for settling the said Premises in his Name, Blood, and Family, did grant, remise, release, alien, and confirm the said Premises unto the said Charles Moore, Christopher Cusack, and John Connor, and their Heirs, to the UVe of the said Gerald, for and during his natural Life; and as to Part thereof to the Use of the said Mary his Wife for her Jointure; Remainder to the first and every other Son of the said Gerald in Tail-male; Remainder to Henry Fitzgerald, Brother of the said Gerald, for his Life; Remainder to the first and every other Son of the said Henry, in Tail-male; to which Deed Thomas Darcy, John Connor, Gerald Fitzgerald, and William Connor, were subscribing Witnedcs, as by the said Deed, ready to be produced, might appear; by virtue whereof, tire said Gerald became seised of the said Premises in his Deinefne as of Freehold during his natural Life, with Remainder over as aforesaid: That the said Henry had Blue the Claimant Gerald Fitzgerald, his fiill Son, who was horn in or about the Year one thousand six hundred and eighty-four, ween by he became intitled to the said Premises in Tail-mnle in Remainder as aforesaid; and the said Herr) had also the Claimant Edward Fitzgerald, his second Son, who was born in or about the Year one ihoukim six hundred and eigluy-seven, whereby he became intitled to tly laid Premises in Tail male in Reminder as aforesaid; that the said Henry was attainted, as the Claimants w^ere informed, and the Claimants thereby represented their said Right and Title, to the Intent the same might not be prejudiced, but that they might respectively have and enjoy the same: And whereas the said Claim was heard on the twenty-third Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and one, and it was certified by the said Trustees or Commissioners, that the said Gerald Fitzgerald made such Settlement as in the fad Claim was set foith, and thit thereby Henry Fitzgerald, attainted for the Treason in the said Act mentioned, was inured to a Remainder for Life, with Remainder, to his Son in Tail male, after the said Gerald dying without Issue Male, and that the Claimants Gerald and Edward were the Sons of the said Henry; and it was thereupon adjudged, determined, and decreed by the said Trustees or Commissioners, that the

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 56. 317

said Claimants should be, and they were thereby respectively allowed their several and respective Remainders in Tail-male, limited to the Heirs Male of Henry, after Failure of Issue Male by the said Gerald Fitzgerald the Grantor, and the said Henry s Death: And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the

fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for divesting out of the Crown, and to veil in AfU Geo. III.

Gerald Fitzgerald of *Kathrone, in the County of Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, and his Hdrs,

the Rtverfor. in Fee of and in several Lands w Ireland, reciting or taking Notice to the Effect herein be- fore rcciitd; and also reciting, that the said Gerald Fitzgerald the Patentee, and Mary his Wife, and the said H'wy Fitzgerald, died many Years ago; and that the said Gerald Fitzgerald the Patentee, and the Grantc» in the Ibid.SittUment, died without MTue; and that after their Death the said Gerald Fitzgerald the younger, who was *he cldcft Son of the saul Henry Fitzgerald, and was all tnc Nephew and Heir at Law of the said Gerald Fitzgn aid the Patentee, being firiLd of an Kflate in Tail-male of and in the said Lands and Prrmi.cs, had levied lines and fuflcied Recoveii s of all the fiiJ Lands, except the said Lands in the County of Meath; and alD reciting, that Elizabeth O'Farrell, Widow, in Fiofler Term, one th >u- find seven hundred and twenty-five, did obtain a Judgement in the Court of Common Pleas in the Kingdom of Ireland against the said Gerald Fitzgerald for the Sum of five thousand four hundred Pounds; and that the said Gerald the younger afterwards died, leaving flue three Sons, John his eldest Son, Gera d the younger, his (Vcond Son, and Chri/h(i\r his third Son; and reciting, that the said John the eldest Son ditd without Issue loon after the Death of his said Father, and that thereupon the said Gerald Fitzgerald,

the fccor.d Son of the ibid Gerald Fitzgerald the younger, became his eldelF Son and Heir at Law, and was Htir at Law and Heir Male of the said Gerald Fitzgerald the Patentee, and had entered into an!

became foiled ot and inmlul to the said Lands and Premises, subject to the above Incumbrance, an i after the Death of the said Mary Fitzgerald, otherwise Connor (the Widow of the said Gerald Fitzgerald the Grantor) levied Fines and fuflered Recoveries of Part of the said Lands, and had contracted several

Debts, secured by several Judgements; and also reciting, that it had been lately discovered that the Re- veifnn in Fee of and in tnc Lands and Premises in the said Letters Patent, Claim, and Adjudication

mentioned, expedant as aforesaid, was, by virtue of and under the said Act made in the fidt and second Act1&1 Ann*, Yea rs rf the Ke.gn of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for advancing the Sale of the for felted E dates in Ire lan J, and for ve/lirg J:h as remain unfold by the present Trflees in her Afcjffty, her I firs and Suceejpjrs, and for the more effect unity felling and jetting the said Estates to r r defiant s; and for explaining several Acts relating to Lord Bophin and Sir Redmond Everard, become vested in his present Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, subject to the Order of Parliament; and that the said Gerald Fitzgerald, the Grand Nephew and Heir of the said Patentee, had no other F und or Expedient to secure his Person, or to exo- nerate his said Estate, but by Idling (orne Part thereof, or mortgaging the same for that Purpose, which lie was unable effectually to do without divesting the Reversion in Fee of the said Kflate out of his Ma- nfly; and that it had been uftial and frequent in such Cases for the Crown to extend their Grace and Favour to Protestant Subjects well attached to his Majesty, it was enacted, That the Remainder or Re- version in Fee-simple, expectant on the Determination of the several Entails therein before mentioned,

and all other J Ihtes, Righr, Title, and Interest of and in certain Towns and Lands, with their Ap- purrcn:incec, situate in the Counties of Meath, Westmeath, Kildare, and Cavan, in the Kingdom of Ireland, therein partic ularly mentioned, which, in and by virtue of the said Act of Parliament, were then vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Succ.flors, should be thereby diverted, and the same was thereby diverted out of the Crown, so that his present Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any of them, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, claiming or to claim by, from, or under, or in Trust for him, them, or any of them, or by, from, or under the several Acts of Parliament therein before recited, by reason of the Forfeitures therein before mentioned, or otherwise howsoever, should not, nor might from thence- forth h»vc any Right, Title, or Interest therein or thereunto; and that the said Reversion or Remainder in Fee simple, and other the Estates and Interests of and in the Lands and Hereditaments therein mentionid, should, from and immediately after the passing of the said Act, be vested in, and the same were t her. by from thenceforth vested in the said Gerald Fitzgerald, his Heirs and Assigns, forever: And it was thereby further enacted, That all and every Papirt and Person profcfiing the Ropifh Religion should be difibkd and made incapable to purchase, either in his or her own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons to his or her Use, or in Trust fr him or her, any of the Lands, Tene- ner.ts, Hereditaments, and Premises aforesaid, or any Rents, Profits, Terms, or Interests, in or out of the ianu*; and that all and Angular Fiftates, Terms, and other Interests and Profits whatsoever, in or out of t e I n miles, and all Conveyances and Declarations of Trust concerning the same, which should be maoc\ ‘uffeiccl, or done, to or for the Use, Benefit or Behoof of any such Pnpift, contrary to the true Incur ard Meaning of the said recited Acts of Parliament, should be utterly void and of no Eriect to all Intuit. Purposes, and Construtrtions whatsoever: And in the said Adf was contained a Clause for laving to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all such Crown rents. Quit-rents, Compofmons, Services,

and Dir es, as were due and payable, and ou^ht to be paid or performed to his Majesty on account of the remits, or any Part thereof; and also a Saving to ail and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, the* 1; Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of all such Right, itle,

4 Jnrucfl, Cl. m, aiu Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the Lid Lands, Tenements, and IJ c re- ditiments tht.em mentioned, or any of them, with the Appurtenances, or any Part thereof (other than an rxtept his Majesty, his [Kirs and Successors, and the Trustees named in anti by the said Act of tnc*

eleventh and twelfth Year of the latt* King ll iliiam the Thin), and their Heirs’ as they, every or ai.y of them, have or had, or might have had, at or before the making the said Actt, as fully to all I tr

c.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

318 C. 56.

A.D. 1771.

and Purposes as if the said Act had never been made: And whereas the said Gerald Fitzgerald is seised of the Towns and Lands herein after mentioned, claiming Title thereto in the same Maimer as in the said Act of the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign was mentioned with respect to the Lands therein comprised, and his present Majesty is also seised of the Reversion in Fee of the Towns and Lands herein after mentioned, claiming Title thereto in the same Manner, and by virtue of the same Forfeiture, as was mentioned and set forth in the said Act of Parliament passed in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign: And whereas the Leases of the Lands in the last mentioned Act, or the greatest Part thereof, expired, and the said Lands came into the Occupation of the said Gerald Fitzgerald, the Grand Nephew and Heir of the said Gerald Fitzgerald the Patentee, as the Owner thereof, in bad Condition* and, by reason of the many Debts and Incumbrances charged upon the said Land*, the said Gerald Fitz- gerald hath not been able to put the said Lands into a State of Cultivation and Improvement, so as to let the same to good and substantial Tenants \ and in case the said Lands were offered to Sale in their present Condition, the same must be sold to a great Disadvantage; but the fai6 Gerald Fitzgerald, for the x Security of his Creditors, since the patting of the said last mentioned Act, hath executed a Mortgage of the Lands in the said former Act mentioned, or Part thereof, unto the Reverend John Alagill, Clerk, one of his Creditors, for securing six thousand six hundred thirty-three Pounds two Shillings and seven Pence three Farthings, being the Amount of his Demand, and the Demands of several other Creditors 5 which Mortgage is (till fubnfting: And whereas the Debt to Elizabeth O'Fatrell, Widow, in the said former Act mentioned to be due on a Judgement in the Court of Common Pleas in Ireland appears to have been also secured by a Mortgage among other of the Lands herein after mentioned, with the usual

Covenants in the said Mortgage Deed; and the said Gerald Fitzgerald, the Grand Nephew of the said Patentee, who is seised in Tail-male of the Lands so mortgaged, with Reversion in Fee to his present Majesty, is advised, that no Person will contract or treat for the Purchase of the Lands in the said former Act, unless they are discharged from all the Debts to which the same are liable, and put into proper Or- der and Condition, and let to Tenants, but a favourable Opportunity now offers for Sale of the Towns and Lands of Innifcoffy and Old Towns herein after mentioned, at a high Price, which will raise Money

sufficient to pay off the said Elizabeth O'Farrell's Mortgage, in case the Fee-simple and Inheritance thereof could be safely conveyed to the Purchaser thereof; whereby not only a more ready Fund for the Payment of the Debts assessing the said Lands, and for the Security of the said Gerald Fitzgerald's Person, would be provided, but the said Gerald Fitzgerald would be enabled to put the Lands in the said former Act mentioned into proper Condition and Repair, whereby the same would also become feleable, and the many heavy Incumbrances which now asse# the said Lands be paid off and discharged; but the said Lands herein after mentioned cannot be mortgaged or sold without diverting the Reversion ill Fee thereof out of his Majesty, in like Manner as in and by the said last mentioned Act of Parliament was done with respc# to the Lands therein comprised, and which said last mentioned Act passed by the Grace

and Favour of his Majesty, extended to the said Gerald Fitzgerald, the Grand Nephew and Heir of the said Patentee, who was then, and now is, one of his Majesty's Protestant Subjects:’ Therefore your Majesty's most loyal Subject the said Gerald Fitzgerald doth most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Remainder or Reversion in Fee-simple, expectant on the Determination of the several Entails herein before mentioned, and all other Estates, Right, Title, and Interest, of and in the Towns and Lands of Ennifccffy, otherwise Innifcoffy^ otherwise biijhcoffy, other wise Inifcooffy, otherwise Inijhco, and Old Towne, lying and being in the Barony of Fertullagh^ and County of Westmeath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, which, in and by virtue of the before-mentioned Acts of Parliament, is now vested in his present Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall be hereby diverted, and the same is hereby diverted out of the Crown, so that his present Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any of them, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, claiming or to claim by, from, or under the several Acte of Parliament before mentioned and recited, by reason of the Forfeiture as aforesaid, or otherwise howsoever, shall not, nor may, from and after the passing of this Act, have any Right, Title, or Interest therein or thereunto; and that the said Reversion or Remainder in Fee-simple, and other the Estates and Interests of and in the Lands and Hereditaments herein before mentioned, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be vetted inland the same are hereby from henceforth vested in the said Gerald Fitzgerald, his Heirs and AF-signs, for ever.

Papists hirapable

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Papist and Person Profetting the Pcpish Religion shall be disabled and made incapable to purchase, either in his or her own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons, to his or her Use, or in Trust for him or her, any of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises aforesaid, or any Rents, Profits, Terms, or Interests, in or out of the same; and that all and singular Estates, Terms, and other Interests and Profits whatsoever, in or out of the Premises, and all Conveyances and Declarations of Trust concerning the same, which shall be made, suffered, or done, to or for the Use, Benefit, or Behoof of any such Papist, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Acte of Parliament, shall be utterly void and of no Effc#, to all Intents, Purposes, and Constru#ions whatsoever.

Nothing con-

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained

dicrthe°lati!eft *n any wife asse#, impeach, or prejudice, 01 in any wise strengthen, inforce, or confirm, or be con-fthe Reprcfca- strue(l> deemed, or taken to asse#, impeach, or prejudife, or to strengthen, inforce, or confirm any Right, tatives of Tho- Title, or Interest, which the RepresenUtives of Thomas Bomford, late of Ratinngjloivn, in the County of Bomford. Meath,

A.D. 177r. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 56. 319

Meath, Esquire, deceased, now have or claim, or which they shall at any Time hereafter have or claim, in or to a certain Grant or Lease, bearing Date the twentieth Day of July, one thousand six hundred and ninety-two, made by Gerald Fitzgerald of Rathrone, in the County of Meath, Esquire, to the said Thomas Bcmf jrdy of the Town, Townland, and Land called Ennifcoffy and Old Towne before mentioned, with the Appurtenances, or any Part thereof; but the Right, Title, and Interest of the Representatives of the said Thomas Bomford, deceased, in and to the said Grant or Lease, and the Benefit thereof, shall from henceforth be and remain in the same State, Plight, and Condition, and no other, as the same was before the passing of this Act.

IV. Saving to the King's most excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all such Crown-rents, Quit- SavingCltu&r rents, Compositions, Services, and Duties, as are due and payable, and ought to be paid and performed to-his Majesty on account of the Premises, or any Part thereof; and saving also to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all such Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the said Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, herein before mentioned, or any of them, with the Appurtenancesj or any Part thereof (other than and except our Sovereign Lord the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the Trustees named in and by the said Act of the eleventh and twelfth Years of the late King William the Third, and their Heirs) as they, every or any of them, have or had, or might have had therein or thereto, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the Reversion of the said Towns, Town-lands, or Lands, had never been vested in the Crown, or as if this Act had never been passed; any Thing herein contained, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

---

THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno undecimo GEORGII III. Regis,

Being the FOURTH Session of the

THIRTEENTH Parliament of GREAT BRITAIN.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the eleventh Year of the Reign of George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 11 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

3. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

4. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to emend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, as relates to the prosecuting his Majesty's Right, Title, or Claim, to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty of the Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, or to any the Appurtenances to the same therein mentioned.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore.

8. An Act to continue for a further Time an Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

9. An Act for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other public Passages within the City of Winchester; and also within the several Parishes of Saint Bartholomew Hide, Saint John's in the Soke, Saint Peter's Cheesehill, Saint Swithin and Saint Michael in the West Soke, in the Suburbs of the said City; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

10. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement made between Peter Burrell Esquire, Surveyor-general of his Majesty's Lands, and the Trustees of Morden College, in the County of Kent, for enabling his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant Leases of Maidenstone Hill, in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to the said Trustees, upon the Terms mentioned in the said Agreement; and for impowering the said Trustees to increase the Salaries and Pensions of the Treasurer, Chaplain, and poor Merchants, in the said College.

11. An Act for further continuing two Acts made in the sixth and ninth Years of his Majesty's Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in his Majesty's Dominions in America.

12. An Act for better paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, in that Part of Goodman's Fields, which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfellon, otherwise Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, and also Red Lion Street and White Lion Street, lying contiguous to the said Fields, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

13. An Act to explain a Clause in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water; and for better paving and lighting the said City; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

14. An Act for the better regulating the Poor within the City of Oxford.

15. An Act for the better paving that Part of the High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfellon, otherwise Whitechapel, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

16. An Act to enable his Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

17. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for paving the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, as relates to the Commissioners of Sewers; and for regulating the Manner of taxing Churches, and other public Buildings, within the Limits of the said Act.

18. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace and others who have omitted to register their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and forgiving further Time for those Purposes.

19. An Act for amending certain of the Mile-ways leading to Oxford; for making a commodious Entrance through the Parish of Saint Clement; for rebuilding or repairing Magdalen Bridge; for making commodious Roads from the said Bridge through the University and City, and the Avenues leading thereto; for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement; for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for impowering Colleges and Corporations to alienate their Estates there; for removing, holding, and regulating Markets within the said City, and for other Purposes.

20. An Act to enable Lunatics intitled to renew Leases, their Guardians and Committees, to accept of Surrenders of old Leases, and grant new ones.

21. An Act for paving Wapping Street, in the County of Middlesex, and the Several Streets and Passages leading into the same; and for removing all Encroachments and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for opening a Passage from Hermitage Street into Nightingale Lane; and for paving such Passage, and the Fall Side of Nightingale Lane.

22. An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent.

23. An Act for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, from the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate, to Cable Street; also the said Cable Street, the Footpath in Back Lane, Part of the Precinct of Well Close, the Street leading from Nightingale Lane to Ratcliffe Cross, Butcher Row, and Brook Street, and the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages opening into the same; and for removing all Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

24. An Act for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches, and applying the Monies arising thereby.

25. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

26. An Act for further continuing the Tolls upon London Bridge, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for impowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, in certain cases, to grant Licences to Persons possessed of Terms for Years, of and in Houses described in an Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, to build upon and inclose Part of the Ground and Soil of the Streets in the Front of their said Houses.

27. An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same; and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River.

28. An Act for punishing Offences committed by Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, within certain Districts and Places therein mentioned; and for renewing the Registry of Carts and Carriages.

29. An Act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places; and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same.

30. An Act for cleansing and lighting the Streets of the Town of South Leith, the Territory of Saint Anthony's, and Yard Heads thereunto adjoining, and for supplying the several Parts thereof with fresh Water.

31. An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery.

32. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; for indemnifying the Landholders of the Isle of Wight from the Payment of the Monies due by virtue of an Act of the ninth Year of his present Majesty; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, within the Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

34. An Act for enabling certain Persons to inclose and embank Part of the River Thames, adjoining to Durham Yard, Salisbury Street, Cecil Street, and Beaufort Buildings, in the County of Middlesex.

35. An Act for reducing into one Act of Parliament the several Laws relating to the Keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder, and for more effectually preventing Mischiefs by keeping or carrying Gunpowder in too great Quantities.

36. An Act for cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, and other Passages, on the South Side of the City of Edinburgh, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the same for the future.

37. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Live Cattle, and other Flesh provisions, from Great Britain, for a limited Time.

38. An Act for the better Support and Establishment of the Greenland and Whale Fishery.

39. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for extending like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida to the Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia.

40. An Act for the more effectually preventing the Counterfeiting the Copper Coin of this Realm.

41. An Act to explain an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein Mentioned, so far as relates to the Importation of unmanufactured Wood of the Growth and Product of America; and to explain so much of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, as relates to the Importation of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn landed at certain Places therein mentioned.

42. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

43. An Act for establishing a House or Houses of Industry in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes, and Places, within the said island.

44. An Act for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages, within that Part of the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, which lies within the East End of Westgate Bridge, the South Side of Northgate Bar, the North End of Kirkgate Bridge, (except so much thereof as is repaired by the West Riding of the said County of York) and the extreme Part of the Township of Wakefield aforesaid, leading from Wrengate towards East Moor; for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious,

45. An Act for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

46. An Act for paving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex; for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and for widening the Passages at the West End of Chiswell Street, and at the South End of Brick Lane, in the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

47. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

48. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two-sevenths Excise, and for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to pay to John Dobson, Owner of the Greenland Ship Lord Molyneux, the Bounty due for the said Ship on the last Year's Fishery.

49. An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign-wrought Sifts and Velvets for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

50. An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of White Oak Staves, and Heading, from the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

51. An Act for continuing several Laws for the better Regulation of Lastage and Balastage in the River Thames; for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and for the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise; for repealing so much of an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing the Carriage of excessive Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks, and Coals, within ten Miles of the Cities of London and Westminster, as relates to the Carriage of Meal, Malt, and Coals; and for authorising the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Island of Orkney.

52. An Act for repairing, amending, and supporting the several Harbours and Sea Ports in the Isle of Man.

53. An Act for widening the Highways in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

54. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon-yard, Sheepy-yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minifies, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

55. An Act to incapacitate John Burnett, Charles Hannington, Thomas Haselgrove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Parsons, Thomas Snook junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington, John Robinson, William Cheeseman, George Browne, John Parsons, John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas Crowter, Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman, John Dean, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsflesh, John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook junior, Richard Tilstone, William Turner, Walter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathaniel Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John Ashman, William Cooter, Thomas Frost, Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durrant, Emery Churcher, Walter Broad, Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Clement Freeman, William Jupp, Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar, otherwise Miller, William Newnham, Jeffery Carver, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedman senior, William Jennings, William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rusbridge, Henry Robinson, and Henry Hannington, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex.

56. An Act for diverting out of the Crown, and to vest in Gerald Fitzgerald of in the County of Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland Esquire, and his Heirs, the Reversion in Fee of and in Several Lands in Ireland therein mentioned.

57. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford, through Dunstable, Hitchin, Baldock, and Royston, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bournbridge; and from the West End of Wellbury Lane to the Turnpike Road at the South End of Barton, in the Counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge; so far as the same relates to the repairing the Roads in the Royston District of Roads, in the said Act particularly mentioned.

58. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmund’s, in the said County.

59. An Act to impower Charles Fitz Roy Esquire, to shut up certain Foot-paths in the Parish of Saint Pancras, alias Kentish Town, in the County of Middlesex, and to oblige him to make and keep in Repair for the future a Foot-path in lieu thereof.

60. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk.

61. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal Ash, in the County of Warwick, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham.

62. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton; and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; and for making a navigable Cut or Canal of Communication, from the Port and harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said Canal at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth.

63. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane to Greetabridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York.

64. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Tadcaster, through Collingham, Harewood, Arthington, and Pool, to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

65. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Knaresbrough, in the County of York, by Longflatt Lane, Gouldsbrough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton, Mauleverer, and Scate Aloor, to Greenhamerton, in the same County; and for making the same a High Carriage Road.

66. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of York, over Skipbridge to Boroughbridge in the County of York.

67. An Act to oblige the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to complete the said Canal to a Field called Newhall Ring, adjoining to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, within a limited Time, and to maintain and keep the same free and open for the Passage of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels.

68. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Collingham, through Wetherby, to the City of York.

---

69. An Act for enlarging the Term and powers granted by an Act of the ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike-gate in the the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the Township of Mostyn; and from Mostyn to Henllan; and from Llanerch y Mor to Pen y I fordd Waen, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh; and for extending the said Act to several other Roads in the said Counties, and the County of Carnarvon; and for taking several Roads within the said Counties out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by two several Acts of Parliament of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth Years of his late Majesty; and for putting the said Roads under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said former and this present Act.

---

70. An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing several other Roads in this Act mentioned.

71. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Low-water Mark of the River Humber, at or near Brough Ferry, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the North End of the Town of Brough, and from thence through South Cave to Coney Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes, in the said Riding.

72. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parishes of Stoke Ferry, Northwold, Wretten, Wereham, West Dceream, and Roxham, in the County of Norfolk.

73. An Act for amending, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hilly near the Town of Witney, to the Cross in Clanfield, in the County of Oxford.

74. An Act to continue and render more effectual three Acts made in the twelfth Year of King George the First, and in the eighteenth and thirty first Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the said County.

75. An Act for making a navigable Cut or Canal from Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, through or near Worksop and Retford, to join the River Trent, at or near Stockwith, in the County of Nottingham.

76. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Penistone Bridge, in the County of York, to Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby; and the Roods severally leading from Bamford Woodgate, over Yorkshire Bridge, to the Guide-post on Thornhill Moor, to or near the eighth Mile-stone on Hathersage Moor, and to the Village of Darwent, in the said County of Derby.

77. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town of Lantrissent; and also the Road leading from Newbridge, to a Place called The Old Furnace; all in the County of Glamorgan.

78. An Act to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Levels to complete and maintain the principal Banks and Works necessary to the well-draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, and for laying Taxes upon the Lands within the said North Level, and on divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland.

79. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the Road from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow.

80. An Act for enlarging the Term and Rowers of several Acts made so; repairing and amending that Part of the Road leading from a certain Place called the White Post on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, to Wandsford Bridge, in the said County, called the North Division of the North Road; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton.

81. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from West Lavington to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts.

82. An Act to enlarge the Term contained in two several Acts of Parliament; and to repair, widen, and amend the Road from the Guide Post at the westerly End of Newton Lane, within the Township of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Austerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York.

83. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the eighteenth Year of King George the Second, to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End.

84. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Market-house in the Town of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford.

85. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Peebles to the King's Eateage, and to Gatehopeknow Burnfoot, and to the Top of Minchmoor, and to Loch-head, in the County of Peebles.

86. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stone to Lane End; and to the Road between Leek and Sandon on Meir Heath, and from thence to Blythe Bridge; and also from Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Stableford Bridge, in the County of Stafford.

87. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Shelton to the Road between Cheadle and Leek, and from Bucknall to Weston Coyney; and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge; and from the same Road to the Road between Blyth Marsh and Thorpe at or near Ruebill Gate in the County of Stafford.

88. An Act to continue and render more effectual two Acts passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of Leicester; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road, at a Place called Filling Gate, to a Road called the Foss Road, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Melton Mowbray to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester.

89. An Act for making a navigable Cut or Canal from Bradford, to join the Leeds and Liverpool Canal at Windhill, in the Township of Idle, in the County of York.

90. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Livingston, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton to the Town of Strathaven; and for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Confines of the County of Air, at or near Lochgate, to the Town of Strathaven, in the County of Lanark.

91. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of three Acts passed in the twelfth Year of King George the First, and the nineteenth and twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpoole to Prescott and other Roads in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for amending the Road from the causeway at Blacklow Brow, to the causeway leading from Prescot to Liverpoole, and also through Lime Kiln Lane to Ranelagh House, in Liverpoole aforesaid.

92. An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of several Acts made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester; and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads leading from the said Town of Birmingham to the said Town of Bromsgrove.

93. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Patrick's Cross, within the Town of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Preston, in the same County Palatine.

94. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Vinehall in the Parish of Mountfield, in the County of Sussex, to Cripps's Corner, and from thence to Staple-cross, and to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish of Beckley, and from Staple-cross to Longley's Water Corn-mill at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps's Corner to the Town of Rye in the said County.

95. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Wem, in the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at Bron y Garth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh.

96. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Tavernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston Haking, in the County of Pembroke.

97. An Act for amending and widening the Road from Besselsleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of Berks; and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts; and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red House upon Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lamborn, in the said County of Berks.

98. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, and from thence to the Town of Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill aforesaid to the Town of Lindfield, and from the Turnpike Road between Cuckfield and Crawley, to the Town of Horsham; and also the Road from Swingate, in the Parish of Burwash, to Shover Green, in the Parish of Ticehurst, all in the County of Sussex.

99. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Hand Cross to Corner House, and from whence to the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to Steyning, and from Corner House aforesaid to the Maypole in the Town of Henfield, in the County of Sussex.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 11 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for naturalizing Bernard Perny.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Lowick, in the County of Northampton.

3. An Act for naturalizing Lewis Benjamin Crinsoz.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Slipton, in the County of Northampton.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Carrs and other uninclosed Grounds, within the several Townships of Lockington and Ayke, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for extinguishing the Right of Common, or Average, upon certain ancient Inclosures within the said Township of Lockington.

6. An Act for naturalizing Gerard Portman.

7. An Act for more effectually vesting the Reversion in Fee Simple of and in divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, Nottingham and Stafford, in Washington Earl Ferrers, and his Trustees; and for confirming Letters Patent granted thereof, and of certain other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Northampton, to the said Earl, in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

8. An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement, between William Lambton Esquire, and the Honourable and Right Reverend Richard Lord Bishop of Durham, and the other Persons therein named.

9. An Act to enable the Bishop of Hereford to exchange certain Lands and Premises, in the County of Hereford.

10. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Fee Simple Estate of George late Lord Viscount Midleton, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying the Debts, Legacies and Incumbrances mentioned in and appointed to be paid by his Will; and for executing and effectuating several Contracts entered into by him, for selling and leasing divers Farms and Lands in Ireland; and for making the Exemplification of his Will Evidence in Law and Equity.

11. An Act to impower Sir Francis Blake Delaval Knight of the Bath, or the Person or Persons claiming under a Settlement of his Family Estates, dated the Nineteenth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and forty eight, to grant to Thomas Delaval Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, a certain Parcel of Land and Buildings, Liberties and Privileges; and also to grant Two several Leases for Ninety nine Years each, to, or in Trust for the said Thomas Delaval and Sir John Huffey Delaval Baronet, of certain Lands, Copperas Works, Buildings, Liberties and Privileges in the Manors of Hartley and Seaton Delaval, in the County of Northumberland, Part of the Settled Estates of the said Sir Francis Blake Delaval; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act for effectuating a Conveyance of the real Estates late of John Essington Esquire, deceased, to the Purchasers thereof, under a Decree or Order of the High Court of Chancery.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields within the Township and Liberties of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Bucks.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Kirkby Mallory, in the County of Leicester.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places in Keyham, in the Parish of Rothley, and County of Leicester.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Commons or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Hill Croome, in the County of Worcester.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing Barniker Moor, within the Manor of Nether Wyersdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Pasture, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township, Hamlet or Liberty of Fairfield, in the Parish of Hope, and County of Derby.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Great Brickhill, in the County of Bucks.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Sproxton, in the County of Leicester.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several stinted Pastures, called The North Moor, Longhill, Bark and Garforth Close, within the Township of Rilston, in the West Riding of the County of York.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Saltby, in the County of Leicester.

24. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Ducie, and his Issue, to take the Surname of Moreton, and to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the Right Honourable Matthew Lord Ducie deceased, pursuant to the Will of the said Matthew Lord Ducie.

25. An Act to enable Captain Samuel Pitchford, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Sir Samuel Cornish, deceased, pursuant to his Will.

26. An Act to enable Thomas Grundy, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Swinsen.

27. An Act to enable William Mackenzie, David Gravier and John Gravier, respectively, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Godfrey.

28. An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Testament of Francis Macartney Esquire, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

29. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Knight Esquire, with Catharine Lynch, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

30. An Act for naturalizing Henry Renner.

31. An Act for rendering valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the Twenty first Day of July One thousand seven hundred and seventy, made between Frances Countess Dowager of Londonderry, Philip Earl Stanhope, and others; and for vesting several Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Devon and Wilts, in Trustees, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned.

32. An Act for rendering effectual an Exchange of certain Lands, Parcel of the Glebe of the Rectory of Avington, in the County of Southampton, for certain other Lands in the said Parish of Avington, belonging to the Most Honourable the Marquis of Carnarvon.

33. An Act to enable Francis Charteris Esquire, heretofore called Francis Wemyss, and the Heirs of his Body, and several other Persons therein named, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, to retain, assume and sign the Name of Charteris, and to bear the Arms of Charteris, and to hold and enjoy the Estate therein mentioned, notwithstanding the Descent to him or them respectively of the Honour and Title of Wemyss, or any other Honour or Title whatsoever.

34. An Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange of a certain Piece of inclosed Land, in the Parish of East Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and Diocese of London, for other inclosed Land, Parcel of the Glebe of the said Parish, pursuant to an Agreement between Benjamin Underwood Clerk, Master of Arts, Rector of the said Parish of East Barnet, and John Pybus Esquire.

35. An Act for exemplifying or inrolling the Will of Charles Macarthy More, deceased, and making the same Evidence, as well in Ireland as Great Britain.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Wood Grounds and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Alveston, in the County of Warwick.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Common Meadows and Commonable Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Aston Subedge, in the County of Gloucester.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Pasture, called Myton Carr, in the Lordship of Myton, in the Parish of The Holy Trinity, in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

39. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Downs, and all other the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of East Garston, in the County of Berks.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Monyash, in the Parish of Bakewell, in the County of Derby.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs and other Open and Common Grounds, within the Township of Lisset, in the Parish of Beeforth otherwise Beford, in the East Riding of the County of York.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing Priestwood Common, in the Parishes of Mackworth, Kedleston and Meynell Langley, or some of them, in the County of Derby.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Cow Pastures, Ings, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of West Ashby, within the Manors of Horncastle and West Ashby, in the County of Lincoln.

44. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting the several Open Fields, Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Kilham on the Woulds, in the County of York.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Common and Waste Ground, called The Outwoods, within the Township or Hamlet of Horninglow, in the Parish of Burton, in the County of Stafford.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common or Waste Lands, Stinted Pastures and Commonable Grounds within the Hamlets of Stapenhill and Winshill, in the County of Derby.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands in the several Hamlets of Stretton, Horninglow, Bond End and Branston within the Parish of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Pastures within the Township of Hetton, in the Parish of Burnsal, and West Riding of the County of York.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields and Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of South Reston, in the County of Lincoln.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Boothby Grassoe, in the County of Lincoln.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Lands, Commons and Wastes within the Manor of Scalby, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also a certain Common, called Throxenby Moor otherwise Newby Moor within the same Riding.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Lands and Waste Grounds within the Township of Melton, in the Parish of Welton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and the Common or Heath, called Kilsall Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Donington, in the County of Salop.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, called Holland Ward otherwise Hollin Ward, in the County of Derby.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Broadway, in the County of Worcester.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Commonable Grounds and Wastes, called Redditch Common and Webheath, situate in that Part of the Manor of Tardebigg, which lies in the County of Worcester; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons and Common Pastures, within the Liberties of Stapleford and Bramcote, in the County of Nottingham.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Butler's Marston, in the County of Warwick.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Appleby, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands and Grounds, called Beanhall Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Feckenham, in the County of Worcester.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Village, Hamlet, Township and Manor of Oxenhope, in the Parish of Bradford, and County of York.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and Waste Grounds within the Townships of North Muskham, Holme and Bathley, in the Parish of North Muskham, in the County of Nottingham.

63. An Act to impower Sir John Gibbons to shut up the Footpaths over certain Lands, in the Parish of Stanwell, in the County of Middlesex; and to extinguish all Claims and Right of Common in and over the said Lands; and to oblige the said Sir John Gibbons to make and keep in Repair a Footpath in lieu thereof; and to vest certain Premises and a Sum of Money in Trustees, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

64. An Act for naturalizing John Peter Du Roveray, John Daniel Naville, John Peter Eynard, David Chollett and John Zacharias Gertcken.

65. An Act for naturalizing Augustine Noverre.

66. An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell certain Parts and Portions of the Estate and Barony of Carrington, in the County of Edinburgh, which formerly belonged to Hugh Lord Viscount Primrose, deceased, and now to Neil Earl of Roseberry, for Payment of the Debts of the said Viscount.

67. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the Real Estate of John Sutton Esquire, situate in the County of Lincoln, in Trust, to be sold, for Payment of Eight thousand Pounds, the Portion of Isabella Sutton, deceased, and for the other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing Sheriff Hales Common, in the County of Stafford.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels of Fen Land, within the Parish of Algarkirke cum Fosdyke, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford.

71. An Act for discharging the Manor of Coldheseldon, and divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of Richard Earl of Scarborough, from the Uses, Estates and Trusts, declared concerning the same, by the Settlement executed previous to his Marriage with Barbara Countess of Scarborough, his Wife, and by a certain Act of Parliament, which passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and for settling another Manor, and other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

72. An Act for enabling Sir Henry Harpur Baronet to make Leases of his Estates in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, for Three Lives, or Ninety nine Years, or such other Leases as are therein mentioned.

73. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Shelley Baronet, and of the Right Honourable John Shelley his Son, in the several Counties of Kent and Wilts, and also of a Farm called Kingsham Farm, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Sussex; and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale in Discharge of the Portions of the Daughters of the said Sir John Shelley, affecting the Estates of him and his said Son; and for other Purposes.

74. An Act to exchange Lands in Langham, in the County of Suffolk, between Patrick Black Esquire, and Edward Burch, Rector of the Parish Church of Langham aforesaid, within the Diocese of Norwich.

75. An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Leasehold Mills, Lands and Tenements, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Joseph Bullock Esquire, in Trustees, to convey and assign the same respectively, pursuant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as are mentioned in said Settlement.

76. An Act for confirming a Conveyance to Henry Flitcroft Esquire, of certain Estates in the County of York, purchased by the Trustees in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Goring Esquire, and Fanny his Wife; and for confirming a Conveyance made by the said Henry Flitcroft to the Use of the said Trustees of other Estates, in lieu thereof, in the County of Surrey.

77. An Act to enable the surviving Trustee named in the Settlement of William Pulteney Esquire, and Frances his Wife, to grant Leases of their Leasehold Estates in Westminster.

78. An Act for confirming a Deed of Trust, dated the Thirty first of December One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and for the more effectual enabling the Trustees to raise the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, for the Purposes therein mentioned, by Mortgage or Sale of the Freehold Estate of George Smyth the elder, and George Smyth the younger, Esquires, situate in the County of Gloucester, or of a competent Part thereof.

79. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate late of Nicholas Corsellis Esquire, deceased, at Wivenhoe and Elmsted, in the County of Essex, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances.

80. An Act for vesting the Manor of Astley, and certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Astley, Tyldesley and Bedford, in the County of Lancaster, comprised in the Marriage Articles of Thomas Frogatt, and Hannah his Wife, in Trustees, to the several Uses, upon the Trusts, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes and Restrictions, therein mentioned.

81. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Parkinson, Edward Heathcote and Catharine his Wife, and their respective Children, lying in the Counties of Nottingham, Lincoln and Chester, in Trustees, to sell a sufficient Part thereof for Payment of Debts and Legacies affecting the same, and for making a Partition of the Remainder thereof, and settling the entire Premises to the Uses therein mentioned.

82. An Act for discharging from Tithe certain Lands, in the Parish of Sebraham otherwise Sebergham, in the County of Cumberland; and for making Compensation to the Curate of the said Parish for the same.

83. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in Ladus Fen, in the Isle of Ely.

84. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Places, in Waverton otherwise Wareton, in the Parish of Polesworth, in the County of Warwick.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Hampstead Norreys, in the Parish of Hampstead Norreys, in the County of Berks.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, called Stretton Common Field, and certain Common or Waste Grounds, called Stretton Heath, and Stretton Horse Slead, in the Parish of Stretton on the Foss, in the County of Warwick.

87. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Arable, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, Lammas Grounds and Commonable Lands within the Hamlets and Liberties of Knightcot and Northend, in the Parish of Burton Dasset, in the County of Warwick.

88. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Naunton Beauchamp, in the County of Worcester.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and all other Common and Waste Lands in the Liberties or Hamlets of Kilby and Newton Harcourt, in the Parish of Wislow, and County of Leicester.

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Stretton under Foss, in the Parish of Monk's Kirby, in the County of Warwick.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands and Grounds in the Township and Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Lands and Grounds, at Long Riston and Arnold, in the County of York.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish and Liberties of Pattishall, within the Hamlets of Eastcote, Astcote and Darlescote, in the County of Northampton.

94. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Waste Grounds, of, within and belonging to the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Hartford, in the County of Huntingdon.

95. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields in the Township of Butterwick, in the Parish of Foxholes, in the East Riding of the County of York.

96. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Earls Barton, in the County of Northampton.

97. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Wedon and Weston otherwise Wedon Pinkney otherwise Loys Wedon, in the County of Northampton.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Commonable Lands within the Parish and Liberties of Watford, and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Murcott, in the Parishes of Watford and Long Buckby, in the County of Northampton.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor or Common, called Elvet Moor, in the Parish of Saint Oswald, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain Intercommon Lands in the said Parish.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Misterton, in the County of Nottingham.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Ubly, in the County of Somerset.

102. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Matthias Justus and Theophilus Christian Blanckenhagen.

103. An Act for naturalizing Francis Harrand.

104. An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, several Manors, Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, the Estate of the Most Noble William Henry Cavendish, Duke of Portland, upon Trust to sell the same, and to apply the Money to arise by Sale thereof in manner therein mentioned.

105. An Act for vesting the Manor, Capital Messuage, Barton Farm and Demesne Lands of Cadhay, situate in Ottery Saint Mary, in the County of Devon, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Booth Williams Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses which are now subsisting with regard to the said settled Estate.

106. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution an Agreement, dated the Twenty third Day of June One thousand seven hundred and seventy, between Humphrey Minchin Esquire and George Clive Esquire, and for vesting certain Estates in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in certain Trustees and their Heirs, for that Purpose.

107. An Act for vesting certain Messuages in The Strand, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of James Theobald Esquire, in Trustees, to be conveyed to James Adam Esquire; and for laying out the Purchase Money in Lands, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estate do now stand limited.

108. An Act for vesting the Copyhold Estate of Richard Maddock Gentleman, deceased, situate at Norwood, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold, towards discharging the Principal Money and Interest due upon a Mortgage thereof, and of certain Freehold Estates of the said Richard Maddock, in the County of Wilts.

109. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Meadows, Commons and Downs, in the Parishes of Preston and Stratton, in the County of Gloucester.

110. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen belonging to Boston West, in the County of Lincoln.

111. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common fen belonging to Skirbeck Quarter, in the Parish of Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln.

112. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Brampton en le Morthen, in the West Riding of the County of York.

113. An Act for naturalizing Carsten Dirs and Jacob Glostein.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. duodecimo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Tenth Day of May, Anno Domini One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, in the Eight Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Twenty-first Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; being the Fifth Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

---

An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal* Flour, Breads Biscuits and Starch; and also of the Extraffion of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time\ and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Tiwu>

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue

the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn Grain Meal Flour Bread Biscuit and Starch alf of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour for a further Time and also to probibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time which said Act was to continue in force

until the Twentieth Day after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be continued for a further Time; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, AO n Geo. III. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this pre- father continued sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be, and the lame *jJJ*( is hereby further continued from the Time therein limited for the Exportation thereof, until the Twentieth Day after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. next Session.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in case any Mariner or other Ucafcanr fer-Person on Board any Ship or Veil’d, (other than and except the Master or Person having the Charge fen on Board (« or Command thereof), wherein any Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, Mailer)

shall be exported, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act hereby continued, shall off n*01* he discover any such offence to the Commissioners, or any Officer of His Majesty's Customs, within the ommimooer* Space of Five Months after such Offence shall be committed, such Mariner or other Person, (except *c. of Customi^ as aforesaid), making such Discovery, shall, as an Encouragement, have, and be intituled to receive, within Three One third Part of the Net Money which shall be recovered and paid by Means of such Discovery; Month#afttrtht after deducing, from the Money recovered, the Charges of prosecuting for and recovering the same; offitnct> and One other third Part thereof shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors; and intitled the other third Part to such Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, as shall sue and prosecute for the same.

Meant thereof; after dede&iirg Charges of rrofetoting. On third Part dmof to His Majesty*! UCa\ and tbs other to the Profecuior*

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clause or Clauses in the said A do infilling Penalties on all Distillers or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, who shall have in their Custody or Possession more than Five Quarters of Wheat or Wheat Flour, shall not extend, or beM Maker* of construed to extend, to any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits who pra&ifcs the Trade of a u* Wm«, &c.

[Not to extend to Millers.]

---

322 C. 2 - 7. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Miller, and who was possessed of, and worked any Mill or Mills for grinding of Wheat, on or before the First Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, for or upon Account of any Quantity of Wheat or Wheat Flour which shall at any Time, during the Continuance of this Act, be found in any such Mill or Mills; any Thing therein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

[Continuation may be abridged by Parliament.]

IV. Provided nevertheless, That the said Continuation may be abridged or shortened, and the said Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered and varied, by any other Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament,

CAP. II.

---

An Act to continue for a farther Time an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter from Ireland^ for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America> for a limited Time, till First of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tart, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy*two.

CAP. IV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. V.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore.

CAP. VI.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

CAP. VII.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Teas consumed in Great Britain; and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Yeas to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned, for permitting the Exportation of Teas in finaller Quantities than One Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in America; and for preventing Teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain *, and for settling certain Doubts and Disputes which have arisen upon the said Act of Parliament.

[Preamble, Act 7. Geo. III.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon ati Black and Singlo Teas consumed in Great Britain; and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect theref by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned, for permitting the Exportation of Teas in Jmal- ler Quantities than One Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in America; and for preventing Teasfeixei and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain; amongst other Things reciting. That the taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling Pound Weight, then payable as therein is mentioned, upon Black and Singlo Teas, and the allowing, upon the Exportation of all Teas which shall be exported to Ireland and his Majesty's Plantations in America, the whole of the Duty paid upon the Importation there- of into this Kingdom, appear to be themost probable and expedient Means of extending the Consump- tion of Teas legally imported within this Kingdom, and of increasing the Exportation of Teas to Ireland) and to His Majesty's Plantations in America, which are now chiefly furnished by Foreigners in a Course of illicit Trade; and further reciting. That the United Company of Merchants of England tra- ding to the East Indies, are willing and desirous to indemnify the Publick in such Manner as is therein after provided, with respect to any Diminution of the Revenue which should or might happen from this Experiment, it is amongst other Things enacted, That for and during the Space of Five Years, to be computed from the Fifth Day of One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the said Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon Teas feall not be paid for or in respect of any Bohea,

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 7. 323

Congo, Souchong, or Pekoe Teas, commonly called Black Teas, or any Teas known by the Deno- mi nation of Sinplo Teas, which shall be cleared for Consumption within Great Britain out of the Ware- houses of the said United Company, but that all such Teas so to be cleared, whether the same have been already or shall be hereafter sold by the said Company, or their Successors, shall be, and are there- by free and discharged, during the said Term, from the said Inland Duty; and it is thereby, amongst other Things, further enacted, That for and during the like Space of Five Years, to be computed from the Fifth Day of July, One thqpfand seven hundred and sixty-seven, there shall be drawn back and allowed for all Teas exported from this Kingdom, as Merchandise to Ireland, or any of the British Co-4 Ionics or Plantations in America, the whole Duties of Customs, payable upon the Importation of such c l eas, and for making Good any Diminution which might happen in the Revenues cfCustoms and

Excise, by the Discontinuance of the said Duty, and the Allowance of the said Drawback, during the Term aforesaid 5 it was further enabled, That on or before the First Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and on or before the First Day of September, in each of the Four fuc-

ceeding Years, a true and exact Account shall be taken, dated, and made up, by the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively, of the Net Produce of all the Duties of Customs, for and in respect of Teas sold by the said Company, and also of the Net Produce of the Duties of Excise, upon 'Peas cleared out of the Warehouses belonging to the said Company within the Year, ending the Fifth Day of July immediately preceding the taking, (baling, and making up such Accounts, >and that a Sum which shall be equal to the Annual Net Produce of the Duties of Customs, paid upon the Importation of Teas which were exported to Ireland, and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, upon an Average for Five Years, preceding the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven,

shall be deduced from the Total of the Net Produce, so stated of the said Duties of Customs and Ex- cife in the said Account for the Ycrr ending the said Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and for each of the said Four succeeding Years respectively; and if after such Dcduc- tion shall have been made, the remaining Sum shall not amount to the Sum as shal) be equal to the an- nual Net Produce of all the Duties of Customs, for and in respect of Teas sold by the said Company,

and also to the annual Net Produce of the Duties of Excise, upon Teas cleared out of the Ware- houses of the said Company, on an Average for Five Years, preceding the said Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, then, and in every such Caie, from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall so happen, the said Company, or their Successors, within Forty Days after a Copy of such yearly Account respectively, shall have been delivered their Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Se- cretary, Cashier, or Accomptant General, shall Advance and Pay for every such Year respectively, in- tt> the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for His Majesty's Use, such Sum of Money as shall, with the Monies remaining in such respective annual Account, after the Deduction aforesaid shall have been made, amount to such a Sum, as shall be equal to the annual Net Produce of all the said Duties of Customs and Excise upon Teas, on the said Average of Five Years, preceding the said Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, so as the Money to be paid by the said Company,

or their Successors, in pursuance of the said Act, shall not in any One of the said Five Years, exceed such a Sum, as shall be equal to the annual Net Amount of the said Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight, upon Teas cleared from the Warehouses of the said Company for Consumption with- in Great Britain, and also to the annual Net Amount of the Duties of Customs, paid on the Impor- tation of Teas, which were exported to Ireland, and the British Colonies and Plantations in America*

upon an Average for Five Years, preceding the F ifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven: And whereas the annual Net Produce of the Duties of Customs, paid upon the Impor- tation of Teas which were exported to Ireland, and the British Colonies and Plantations in America,

upon an Average for Five Years, preceding the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, is found to amount to the Sum of Thirty-two thousand three hundred and two Pounds,

Four Shillings, and Sixpence, and the annual Net Produce of all the Duties of Customs, for or in respect of M eas sold by the said Company together with the annual Net Produce of the Duties of Ex- cife upon Teas, cleared out from the Warehouses of the said Company, on an Average of Five Years preceding the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-lcvcn, is found to amount to the Sum of Seven hundred and eighteen thousand, nine hundred and sixty-six Pounds, One Shilling, and Two-fifth Paits of a Penny: And whereas if the said Sum of Thirty-two thousand three hundred and two Pounds, Four Shillings and Sixpence, should be ueJufted from the Total of the Net Produce of the Cui‘oms of Excise, upon Teas sold by the said United Company, and cleared out of their Warehouses, after paving such Drawbacks as are allowed by the said in-part-recited Act, in the Year ending on the said Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and in each of the said Four succeeding Years; and, if the said United Company should be bound to pay such Sum, as will make the Sum which (h;.U remain after such Deduction equal to the said Sum of Seven hundred and eighteen thousand nine hundred and sixty-six Pounds, One Shilling, and Two-fifth Parts of a Penny, Your Majesty would probably in every of the said Years, receive from the said United Company a greater Sum of Money, in the Name of Indemnity, thin the actual Deficiency of Your Majesty's Revenue, computed upon the Average in the said recited Act mentioned, would amount to;

and, on the other Hand, if the said Deduction should be made from the said Total of the Produce of the Customs and Excise, upon Teas fold determined by and cleared out of the Warehouses of the said United Company for the Year, ending on the said Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and fi\tv- eight, and for each of the said F'our succeeding Years, before paying or deducting such Drawbacks a,

arc allowed by the said recited Act; and if the said Company should only pay such Sum, a; wouii

324 Ci 7.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Revenue, computed upon the Average in the fakl Act mentioned, would amount to; so that the Rule prescribed by the said Act, for estimating the Indemnity therein provided, se inadequate and ineffec- tual, whereupon Doubts and Disputes have arifien between the Officers of Your Majesty's Revenue,

and the said United Company concerning the Manner of ascertaining the same: And whereas it appears to have been the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, That the said United Company (bouJa ful- ly indemnify Your Majesty, for any Diminution of Your Majesty's Revenue, which might happen from the Experiment in the said Act mentioned, by paying to Your Majesty such Sum ot Money as should be sufficient to make the Net Produce of the Duties of Customs and Excite, upon Teas sold by and cleared out of the Warehouses of the said Company in the said Year, to be computed from the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-fevieo, after paying the said Drawbacks allowed by the said Act, and in each of the said Four succceding Years, after the like Payment of the said Drawbacks, equal to the said Sum of Seven hundred and eighteen thousand nine hundred and sixty-six Pounds, One Shilling, and Two-fifth Parts of a Penny, and the said United Company are willing, and have agreed, to indemnify Your Majesty accordingly, provided the several Sums so to be computed, may be accepted in satisfadion and Discharge of their Agreement, and of thd Ad herein before-recited: may it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be dc- dared and enacted 1’ and be it declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and h u ^with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Company Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That instead of the Rate of Indemnity provided by the said Act, and to be computed as therein is mentioned, the said United Company shall be liable to pay and make good to His Majesty for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight,* and for each of the said Four succeeding Years, such Sum tY-uftnc-768’ of Money as, together with the Net Produce of Customs, upon Teas so by the said Company and the 718,9661° is. Net Produce of Excise upon Teas cleared out from the Warehouses of the said Company, ihal), in and Two fifth and for each of the said Years* amount to the Sum of Seven hundred and eighteen thousand nine Parts of a Pcany. hundred and sixty-six Pounds, One Shilling, and Two-fifth Parts of a Penny, and no more.

II. And whereas, by an Account stated and made up in Conformity to the Rate of Indemnity herein before last mentioned, for the first Four of the said Five Years, the said Four Years ending on the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, (land indebted to His Majesty in the Sum of One hundred and seventeen thousand three hundred and fourteen Pounds, One Shilling, and Three-pence, The said United an(* Seven-twentieth Parts of a Penny; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Company, before said Company shall, on or before the Fifth Day of July, which will be in the Year of our Lord One July 5, 1772, to thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, advance and pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Ex-py, imo the Re-chequer the said Sum of One hundred and seventeen thousand three hupdred and Fourteen Pounds, enpt of the One shilling, and Three-pence, and Seven-twentieth Parts of a Penny, without any Abatement or If. Defalcation whatsoever.

3 d. and Seven - twentieth Parts of a Penny.

Instead of the Rate of Indemnity, provided by the former Act, the ~~ Company pay annually to His Majestyfor each Succeeding

a\] Monies to be

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies that shall be paid into^ paid in purtuance the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, in pursuance of this Act, shall be applied to and for the be ah 5i e<ftoflthe ^lcs anc* Purposes directed by the aforementioned Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present

utaofAft°7 Majesty.

Geo. in

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the First Day of

September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, a Before Sept. 7, true ancj exact Account shall be taken, stated, and made up by the proper Officers of the Customs AccounTte^be an<* Excise respectively, of the Net Produce of all the Duties of Customs for and in respect of Teas taken by theof-sold by the said United Company, and also the Net Produce of all the Duties of Excise upon Teas fice»s of the Cuf-cleared out from the Warehouses belonging to the said United Company, within the Year ending toms of the Net the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two: And if the Net Sum Total ©rreVfidd ib both the said Revenues, after paying the said Drawback allowed by the said recited Act, shall the said Com- not amount to the Sum of Seven hundred and eighteen thousand nine hundred and sixty-six pany; ami also Pounds, One Shilling and Two-fifth Parts of a Penny, the said United Company shall, within of the Net Fro- Forty Days after such Account shall have been delivered to their Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Se-dtire of the Du- cretary, Cashier, or Accomptant General, advance and pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Ex-unon°Tcas clear- chc‘clucr» ft#r His Majesty's Use, such Sum of Money as shall, together with the said Sum Total of cut within the Customs and Excise, computed as aforesaid, make up the said Sum of Seven hundred and eighteen Year 1772. thousand nine hundred and sixty-six Pounds, One Shilling, and Two-fifth Parts or a Penny.

If the Net Sum Total of both Revenue;, allowed by Alt 7 Geo. III. shall not amount to 718,9661. I». and Two-fifth Parts of a Penny, the United Company ihuil malts up the Uefic cncy to the Receipt of Exchequer.

in Default of V. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of One hundred and Seventeen thousand three Payment by the hundred and Fourteen Pounds, One Shilling, and Three-pence, and Seventeen-twentieth Parts of a fa dComrany, it and a]f0 fucfo Sum of Money as shall be payable by the said United Company, in respect of

recomed,0^ Account herein before directed to be made up for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of July,

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 8. 325

One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, shall, in Default of Payment as afore Paid, be fucd for and recovered in such Manner and Form as the several Sums required to be paid in and by the said recited A d are therein directed to be sued for and recovered.

VI. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Act is and shall be confirmed and establishvd, except so far as the same is hereby explained, altered or repealed.

CAP. VIII.

in manner di-reeled by the former Act.

Art 7 Geo. III. confirmed, except as hereby altered and explains.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for Paving, Lighting, and Watching the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act paled in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Paving, Lighting, and Watching the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Car mm and Porters within the said Town, has in many Respects been found inconve- nient and defective: For Remedy whereof, may it please Your Majesty that it may it be enabled*,9 and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in (his present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Adas relates to the Nomination and Appointment of Commissionere to put the same in Execution, shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed; and that from and after the passing of this present Act, the Mayor, Recorder; Aldermen, and Common Council of the Borough of Plymouth for the Time being, together with Thirty-eight other Persons, Inhabitants of the said Borough, to be elected at the Time and in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be appointed Commissioners for putting the said former and this present Act in Execution, and, from and after such Election, shall be veiled with the same Powers and Authorities for that Purpose as the Commissioners named and appointed in and by the said former Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor. Recorder. Aldermen. Corporation! t« and Common Council of the said Borough, or any Two or more of them, shall meet at the Guildhall meet for eiea-within the same Borough, on the Wednesday Three Weeks next after the passing of this present Act, be- ins Commission-tween the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall then and *" there proceed to the Election of Thirty-eight proper Persons, Inhabitants of the said Borough, qualified as herein after mentioned, to be added to the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council, as Commissioners for putting the said former and this present Act in Execution; which Election shall be determined by a Majority of the Votes of such Persons present at the said Meeting as have been assessed to any Rate made in pursuance of the said former Act; and the Names of the Persons so elected shall be fairly entered and written in a proper Book to be Icept for that Purpose.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That as often as it shall happen that any of the said Com- In case of their missioners so to be elected as aforesaid shall happen to die, or to remove out of the said Borough, or re- Detth» o*1* fuse to ad, or become Recorder, Alderman, or Common Councilman, of the said Borough; then, and to in either of the said cases, the Mayor, or, in his Absence, the senior Alderman there being, shall, within Ten Days after either of the said Events shall have been duly notified to him by a Certificate of any Two or more Commissioners, cause a publick Notice in Writing to be fixed upon the Guildhall of the said Borough for the Space of Eight Days before such intended Election, that he will proceed on a certain Day, to be specified in such Notice, which shall not exceed Three Days after the Expiration of the said Eight Days, to the Election of a proper Person or Persons to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies, which Election shall be determined at the Guildhall of the said Borough by the Majority of the Votes of such Persons present at the said Meeting, who shall then have been duly assessed to any Rate made in pursuance of the said former Act.

IV. Provided also, That neither the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Common Councilmen of the Mtjar, Rectr-

said Borough shall have any Vote or Votes in the Choice of the said Thirty-eight Commissioners, or in not

the Choice of any Person or Persons to be elected a Commissioner or Commissioners to supply such Va- "T Vote, cancy or Vacancies as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven First Meeting of or more of them, shall meet at the Guildhall of the said Borough on the Wednesday next after such Elec- Commission«r«. tion of the Thirty-eight Commissioners, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and

Two in the Afternoon, and afterwards, from Time to Time, as is directed by the said former Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as the Streets. Lanes, and c®mniir’ Passages, in the said former Act mentioned shall be paved, relaid, repaired, raised, lowered, altered, clean-

fed, and freed from Annoyances, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Encroachments, and Drains made as Jf in and by the said former Act is directed, and the Monies raised, and to be raised, according to the Powers given by the said former and this present Act shall be repaid and discharged, with such Intrrcfl as shall or may be due for the same, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to assemble; and the Commissioners so assembled, or the Majority of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to determine whether the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages,

shall from thenceforth be kept in Repair, or relaid, as Occasion may require, in the Manner directed by the said former Act, or by the respective Owners or Occupiers of the several Houses, Buildings, Lands,

ri cncrncms.

2 6 C. 8, Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Tenements, or Hereditaments, before which the Pavements are situate, at their own proper Costs and Charges: And if the said Commissioners shall then determine that the Owners or Occupiers shall thenceforth so repair, and keep in Repair, the Pavement before their respective Premises; then, and in such Case, from and after such Determination by the said Commissioners, such Part of the said former Adfc as veils the Property of all the present and future Pavements in the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said Borough in the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, and impowers the said Commissioners to direct all the said Pavements to be repaired, taken up, paved, relaid, raised, lowered, or altered j and also to much of the said former Act as directs the Paviors employed by the Commissioners to repair the Pavements of the Parade, Quays, Markets, and the several other Places within the said Borou which had been usually paved and kept in Repair by the said Corporation, and the Owners thereof respectivdy, and which has provided a Remedy in case of Injury or Damage to any Part of the Pavement* by any Person employed by the Owner or Owners of any Water Pipe, and by which the Commissioners are authorised to compound and agree with the said Corporation and Owners of the said Quays or Water Pipes respectively for a certain Sum of Money; and also so much of the said former Act as impowers the said Commissioners to cut, dig, take, and carry away, any Stones from any of the Quarries belonging to the said Corporation, or from the Quarry under the Eastern Hoe; and also so much of the said former Act as directs the Charges and Expences attending the repairing the Pavements, and removing Nuisances and Obstructions, from Time to Tipie to be borne by the Owners and Proprietors of the several Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Town; and also so much of the said former Act as impowers the said Commissioners to contract for the paving, relaying, repairing, raising, lowering, mending, and altering, the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said Borough; and also so much of the said former Act as gives Authority to the said Commissioners to apply the Monies arising by the Rates and Assessments in that Act directed, and a’l Penalties and Forfeitures to be recovered or levied by virtue thereof, for the defraying the Expences of paving and repairing the said Pavements, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be repealed: And that from and after such Determination the Occupiers of the several Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Town, shall be obliged, and they are hereby directed and required, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to repair, and keep in proper and sufficient Repair, the Pavement before the Premises by them reflectively held and occupied, in such Sort, Manner, and Form, and to such Extent, as shall be thought necessary by a Surveyor to be for that Purpose appointed at a Meeting of the said Commissioners; which Surveyor shall, and he is hereby impowered and required to cause the said Pavement to be repaired in a regular and uniform Manner, and the Streets, Lanes, and Faflages, of the said Town to be cleansed and freed from all Annoyances, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Encroachments whatsoever. The paring of VII. ^n(j further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Occupier or Occupiers of any be'in- H°use, Building, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament within the said Borough, shall neglect or re-torccdand exc- fuse to repair the Pavement before the Premises so in his, her, or their Occupation, according to the cuted, Directions of such Surveyor, within the Space of Ten Days next after such Occupier or Occupiers

shall have had Notice in Writing for that Purpose given or left at their respective Dwellings, signed by Seven or more Commissioners present at a Meeting; or in case such Premises shall be unoccupied, or the Owner or Owners thereof shall neglect or refuse as aforesaid for the Space of Ten Days next after a Notice in Writing, signed as aforesaid, shall have been affixed to some conspicuous Part of the said Premises; then, and in cither such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them as aforesaid, from 77me to Time, and so often as the same shall happen, to employ One or more Pavior or Paviors to repair such Pavements under the Sams due for Inspection, and according to the Directions of the said Surveyor; and the Sum or Sums due for such Ktpairs to te Repairs shall be defrayed by any Occupier of such Premises, or any Part thereof, and be paid to the defrayed by the fakl Commissioners, or such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and if trcnuk»?° thC such Premises shall be unoccupied, then such Sums shall be paid as aforesaid by the Person, or Persons, or any of them, who shall first occupy the same, or by the Owner or Owners thereof; and all a and every Occupier and Occupiers, chargeable with the Repairs of the Pavement, dial 1 be at Liberty, and is and are hereby impowered to deduct and detain out of his, her, or their Rents such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they shall respectively pay for the Purposes aforesaid; which Sum or Sums of Money the Owner or Owners of the Premises is and are hereby required to allow or pay to such Occupier; any Lease, Contract, or other Matter or Thing to the Contrary notwithstanding: And if in any Case any Person or Persons hereby made liable to pay the said Sum or Sums of Money shall refuse to pay the same to the said Commissioners, or such other Person or Persons as they shall I appoint to receive the same, for the Space of Fourteen Days after lawful Demand made thereof, such Sum or Sums of Money shall or may be recovered in Manner herein after-mentioned, entyotation to V

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7 hat from and after such Determination c*the Commissioners as is before mentioned, the Corporation of the said Borough shall, from "lime

they formerly8 lo Time, anc* at Times, at their own Expence, repair, and keep in constant Repair, all such paved., Parts of the Pavepients of the said Town, as have heretofore been usually repaired and kept in

Repair by or at the Expence of the said Corporation before the passing of the said former Act.

Foricfcaling the

IX. And be it further enacted, That such Part of the said former Act as directs that the Corporation Chuse for Cor- of the Borough of Plymouth shall pay the Sum of forty Pounds yearly and every Year to the Commis-P-’ra lor. 10 pay sioners for putting the said former Act in Execution, or any Seven or more of them, or such Person or in ?cffjns as they AwN* from Time to Time, order and appoint to receive the same, shall be, and the same

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 8. 327

fime is hereby declared to be, repelled; find that from and after the passing of this present Act, the thereof ao J,

said Corporation shall, in lieu of the said Forty Pounds ptr Annum, oi|t of the publick Stock, of

said Corporation, pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds yearly to the said Commissioners. on loc

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said former Act as directs the said Commissioners chu'e* inf r-to appoint and pay, and also to limit and appoint what Wages and Allowances shall be paid to any m r Art Scavenger or other Officer for the Purpose of sweeping, cleansing, and carrying away the Ashe$Pr6 Wa&cs ' Rubbish, Dust, Dirt, Dung, and Filth; and also so much of the former Act as directs the Expences of sweeping and cleansing the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, to be defrayed out of the Rates made *DC* rPreaicd> or to be made under the Authority of the said former Act; and also so much of the said former Act as gives Authority to the Commissioners to compound with the Inhabitants, or any of them, for the sweeping and cleansing, and that gives Power to the said Commissioners to buy or rent Land for de-pofiting of Soil, A flics. Cinders, and Rubbish, be, and is hereby repealed: And that from and after the passing of this Act, the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council of the Pid Borough, or the major Part of them, shall or may appoint a sufficient Number of Scavengers, or other Officers, for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall pay a sufficient Salary or Salaries to such Scavengers and other Officers, and shall defray all Expeaces for cleansing, sweeping, and removing all noisome Matter within the Streets, Lanes, and Passages of the said Town; and that from and after such Appointment by the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council, all and every Scavenger and Scavengers, Officer and Officers, aforesaid, already appointed by the Commissioners under the said former Act, shall be, and are hereby dismissed; and that all Contracts made by the said Commissioners with such Scavengers or other Officers shall from thenceforth be null and void,

XL. Provided nevertheless, That the said Commissioners shall pay, out of the Rates levied or to be levied, or out of the monies borrowed or to be borrowed by the Authority of the former or this present Act, all Monies which shall be then due to such Scavengers or Officers as aforesaid*

XII. Provided also, That nothing in this present Act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex- Nothing here;* tend, to repeal or alter any of the Powers or Authorities by the said former Act given to the Commissioners power of" over such Scavengers or other Officers, or to order and appoint how and in what Manner the Scavengers tjlc former a a. and other Officers shall respectively ad and execute their several Offices, Places, and Einploy meats; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to dismiss such Scavengers and such other Officers so to be appointed by virtue of this Act, at their Will and Pleasure, for any Neglect of Duty; in which Case, the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council shall, and they are hereby required to appoint other Scavengers, or other Officers, in the Place and Stead of them so dismissed by the Commissioners; and that all Scavengers, or other Officers so to be appointed by the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council, shall be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures in such cases, and for such Offences, as such Scavengers and other Officers are by the said former Act liable to-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Mayor, Recorder, Al-£Tay°r an<1 dermen, and Common Council, to compound with the Inhabitants of the said Town by the Year, for co°uu"dcwhhthe the sweeping and cleansing any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Passages, in such Sort and Manner as the habitant*. said Commissioners were by the said former Act impowered to do, though such Composition-money be

not paid in Advance-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council They arcropro-shall, and are hereby required to provide proper and convenient Places for depositing of the Soil, Ashes, pi^s°,^dn! Cinders, and Rubbish, of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages; and the said Commissioners, or any fltinK of Seven or more of them, shall, and are hereby required, from and after the passing this Act, to order &c.

such Scavengers, or other Officers so to be appointed, to convey such Soil, Afties, Cinders, and Rubbish, as he or they shall collect by virtue of this Act, to such Place or Places within the said Borough as the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council, shall provide as aforesaid; and the said Soil,

Afties, Cinders, and Rubbish, so deposited, shall from thenceforth be and remain the Property of the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after such Determination by the said Damage by Commissioners, as is before mentioned, if the Pavement of any of the said Streets or Places directed to ter P»pe*, how be repaired by the said former or this present Act, shall be injured or damaged by the breaking or burst- 10 *?"* ing of any Water Pipe or Pipes, the Expence of repairing such Damage shall be reimbursed by the

Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes to the Person or Persons chargeable with such Repair; and as often as it shall happen that any of the said Pipes shall be injured or damaged in repairing any of the said Pavements, the Person or Persons chargeable with the said Repairs shall make good all such Damage as shall have been thereby sustained by the Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes; and in case such Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes, or the Person or Persons chargeable with the Repairs of any of the said Pavements, shall respectively refuse to make such Satisfaction as is hereby required of tlum, for the Space of Six Days after the same shall be demanded of them, the same shall be recovered and le-%bd in Manner herein after mentioned.

XVI. And whereas the Number of Lamps directed by the said former Act tobccreded within the Commisslonrr* 1 said Borough, is inefficient,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Seve n or more of them, as aforesaid, shall have Power to cause to be eroded so many Lamps as to «°rrly

them shall seem proper and convenient; the Property of which Lamps, and of the Lamp Irons and Posts appcir'ccLCtti-ehcreunto belonging, as well as of those already erected by virtue of the said former Act, shall be and is er.t. hereby vested in the said Commissioners, in as full and ample Manner as the Lamps, Lamp Irons,; nd Pods, are vested by the said former Act» and all Clauses in the said former Act contained reflecting

Lamp,

C.

328 C. 8.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Penalty on Persons neglecting to serve the Of-

Lamps, Lamp Irons, and Posts, erected by virtue of the said Act, shall extend to every Lamp, Lamp Iron, and Post, to be erected by virtue of this Act. oiTrnd?rs out of

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Offender against the said the Jurisdiction former or this present Act shall be found out of the Jurisdiction of the said Borough, any Justice or m the Town, Justices of the reace for the County or Place where such Offender shall be found, mall have the same n\(hid. CpU" Power with respect to the apprehending and punishing such respective Offenders as by the said former

Act is given to the Justices of the Peace for the said Borough.

Watchmen so

XVIII. And whereas it may be necessary hereafter to employ more than Twenty Watchmen in he appointed by watching and guarding the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, of the said Town/ be it further enacted by the Commissionew. Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall have Power to appoint any competent Number of fit and able-bodied Men to watch and guard the Streets, Lanes, and ' Passages of the said Town, under the Direction of One or more Constable or Constables for the said Borough for the Time being, to be for that Purpose nominated by the Mayor of the said Borough, or in his Absence, by any One of the said Justices for the Time being; and out of the Assessments to be made by virtue of the said former and this present Act, to make such Allowance to the said Constable or Constables, and Watchmen, for their Attendance; and to give such Orders and Directions concerning the Manner in which the said Watchmen shall be armed and stationed; and, from Time to Time, to

’ remove any of the said Watchmen, and appoint others in their Stead, as Occasion may require.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Constable of the said Borough appointed as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to take upon him such Direction of the Watchmen as aforesaid, and to do his Duty therein, he shall, upon Conviction thereof before the Mayor and One other Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, or, in the Absence of the Mayor, before any Two Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, be liable to the Payment of such Fine for the same (not exceeding Five Pounds) as the said Mayor and Justice, or the said Two Justices, shall think proper to impose; to be recovered abd levied in Manner herein after mentioned.

Nuisaneet to be

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Filth, Rubbifti, or any removed, on other Matter whatsoever, (except Muck, Dung, or Manure, brought in order to be loaded and carried Forfeiture of 51. away by the Scavenger), lying or being in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Passages, shall, upon Complaint made to the said Commissioners, be judged offensive, the same shall be deemed a Nuisance, and an Offence against the said former Act; and in case the same shall not be removed within Four Hours after Request made for that Purpose by the Party then complaining to the Person or Persons who ought to remove the same, upon Proof made thereof on Oath eft One credible Witness before any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, such Person or Persons, so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings for the said Offence, and Five Shillings an Hour for every Hour that the same shall continue unremoved after the Expiration of the said Four Hours; to be recovered and levied in Manner herein after mentioned.

tfoCtflctorVef*

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Cooper, or other Person, shall rds to ftaod in hoop or burn, or cause to be hooped or burnt, any Cask or Casks of what Kind soever, in any Street of the said Borough, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall, on Proof thereof made on the Oath of

One credible Witness before any Justice of the Peace of the said Borough, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings for every such Offence; to be recovered and levied in Manner herein after mentioned.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Necessary-house in the said

Town shall be emptied at any Time, except between the Hours of Twelve at Night and Four in the Morning, or the Soil thereof shall be laid in any other Place than shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, as aforesaid, by any Person or Persons; then,

and in either of the said cases, as well the Person or Persons knowingly employing any Person or Persons for that Purpose, as the Person or Persons committing the Offence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently spill any of the Soil of any Necessary-house in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Passages, and not immediately remove the same, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the like Sum of Forty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after such Determination by the said Commissioners, as is before mentioned, all Charges and Expences attending the removing Obstructions, and lighting and watching the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, shall, from Time to

AssessiAtnts not Time, be paid, borne, and defrayed by the Tenants or Occupiers of the several Houses and Buildings in toe»cce^ f d. the said Town, and other the Inhabitants thereof; provided that no Assessment to be made for defraying the said Expences shall exceed in the Whole Sixpence in the Pound in any One Year.

XXIV. And whereas Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of such Part of the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, as impowers the Commissioners to make a Rate or Assessment, which shall not exceed in the Whole Nine-pence in the Pound in the Two First Years after the passing the Act / be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates or Assessments made, by the said Commissioners for the Payment of Nine-pence in the Pound in each Year for the first Two Years after the passing the said Act, are, and are hereby declared to be legal Rates; and that the respective Sums assessed upon the several Inhabitants by the said Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, shall and may be recovered and levied in such and the like Manner as any Rate or Assessment directed to be made &ate% when by virtue of the said former or this present Act, may be recovered and levied.

be sign-

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when and so often as any Rate or Assessment shall <d !r (he Co"" be made by virtue of this or the said former Act> the same shall be signed by the Commissioners, or any

I Seven

the Streets,

Time for cm-tying Nrcef-Xary-houTes.

Zipencet of the Act to be defrayed by Tenants.

in the Pound.

Doubt in the former Act,

obviated.

mifitners.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 8. 329

Seven or more of them, within Two Days after such Rate or Assessment shall be madfc, and publick Notice shall be given thereof in the respective Parish Churches within the said Borough, immediately after Divine Service, on the Sunday next after the same shall be so signed j and the said Rate or AssessT-ment, or a Duplicate thereof, so long as the same shall continue in Fo«co, shall lie open in the Guild-h ill of the said Town, or in such other Place as the Commissioners at a Meeting shall appoint, for publick Inspection, without Fee or Reward; and that any Rate to be made by virtue of this present Act, shall be subject to such and the same Regulations and Powers a3 the Commissioners are authorised to exercise over Rates made in Pursuance of the said former Act.

XXVI. Provided also That no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Personi vitWa Rate or Rates, or Assessments, to be nude in pursuance of this or the said former Act, for sweeping, certain Limit*

i lcanfing, lighting, watching, and removing Nuisances, but the several Tenants or Occupiers of on, yt0 such Houses and Buildings as now are, or at any Time or Times hereafter shall be, erected in the said Town.

XXVII. And be it fcirther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said former Connors, how Act as impowers the Commissioners to appoint the Afliflors therein mentioned, or any Six or more oft0

the Inhabitants, to be Collectors of the Rates therein mentioned, be and is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing this Act, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and mr.y, by Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time, nominate and appoint Two or more Collectors of the Monies to be raised by virtue of the said former and this present Act; which Collectors so appointed shall be subject to the said Commissioners, and be liable to the same Forfeitures as 111 and by the said former Act is provided; and that each and every of such Collectors shall have znd be intitled to such Sum, not exceeding Thee-pence in the Pound, upon the Amount of the Money by them respectively received, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable.

XXVIII. Provided always, That no Person shall continue in either of the said Offices of Assessor Colleton anA or Collector for any longer Time than the Space of One Year, nor shall be again nominated to eithe r ^ieitt

of the said Offices, in less than Five Years from the Time of his having served the same, unless it - ia*‘ c ,mc* shall happen to come sooner to his Turn by general Rotation, or unless he shall particularly apply or jtquest to be so appointed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Rate and Manner of Pay-Rates, Assessment and Assessments, which shall at any Time hereafter be made in pursuance of this ment

and the said former Act, shall be collected and received by the several Persons appointed for that Purpose by foui equal, Quarterly Payments.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants or Refiants of ^Ie to the said Town, who, by virtue of the said former Act, were liable to be a defied Four Shillings a t^pay Year in lieu of the personal Duty of Watch and Ward, shall pay by quarterly Portions such annual ruch Sum the Sum as the said Commissioners shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Four Shillings a Year each, Commissioner* in lieu of their said personal Duty, to the Persons appointed to collect and receive the Assessment to appoint*

be made in pursuance of the saul former and this present Act; which said Collector shall, from Time to Time, make a true and faithful Return of the Names of all Persons making Default in such Payment to the Commissioners, at their next publick Meeting; and the respective Payments so in arrear p p f shall be recovered and levied in Manner herein after mentioned: Provided that if any such Defaul*

ter or Defaulters shall, through Poverty, be really unable to pay the Money so to be assessed on him or them as aforesaid, and shall be proved so to be to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to mitigate and lessen the Amount of the Arrears so due from such Defaulter or Derauhers, or wholly to discharge him or them from the same, as the Nature of the Case may require, and as the said Commissioners in their Discretion shall think proper; any Thing in the said former or this present Act contained to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioner* fjid Commissioners to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One f*rrb£7sun* thousand five hundred Pounds, 01 er and above all Sums already borrowed upon the Credit of the said not exceeding former Act, at some publick Meeting or Meetings, at "hifti there shall be present no less than Fifteen i^ool.

of the said Commissioners, upon the Credits of the Alignments to be made by virtue of the said former and tl is present Act, which Lease shall be made under such Regulations as are prescribed by the said former Act.

XXXII. Provided also, That no Money Hi nil be borrowed by virtu? of the said former or this pre- 30 Day? Notice sent Act, unless Thirty I)ays'Notice shall be given of the same by Writing affixed to t '\c Guildhall of'0 be given 0! the said Borough, signed by the Clerk or Treasurer to the f;. id Commissioners for the time being; and borrowing that all Creditors wiio shall have lent Money upon the Rates or Allctliiionts granted by the said former nr'*

and this present Act, shall be deemed and taken to be Creditors in equ.tl Degree, without any Priority.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further on ift d by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the QjnlUtcvIen of said former Act as describes the Qualification of the Com nidi nm for putting the said Act in Kx?cu- Coaumihunci*. tion be and is hereby repealed; and that no Person (except the Mayor, Recoider, Aldermen, and Common Council of the said Borough) shall be capable of acting as a Conmuiuoner for putting the said former or this present Act in Fxicution who shall nor be rateJ and pay for his own Property the >um of Twenty Shillings by the Year, for the Relief of the Poor of the i.ijd Borough for the Time bfing, or

be fill'd in his own Right, or in th^ Right or h:s Wife, of Lands within the Lid Borough, of which the if served Rent shall amount to Forty PouaJi by the Year, or fnaU be pAfftioi of a Tenti of Ninety-Vul. XL L M uiiic

C. 8.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

vifaeVears in such Tands, ck terminable on Lives, of which the Rents and Profits to his own Use (halt amount -to Forty Pounds by the Year and if any Person shall, from and after the Election of the Thirty-eight Commissioners as aforesaid, ad as a Commissioner for putting the said former or this present Act in Execution, not being such Member of the Corporation of the said Borough for the Time being, and not being Qualified as described by this present Act, fudi Person or Persons shall be fub-ied to the Penalties inttided by the find former Act on Persons acting as Commissioners, who shall not W qualified according to the BirefiHonsof the said Act; which Penalties shall be tecovered and levied in the like Manner as by the said former Act is directed in case of Persons acting without a Qualification, ftectmy tf

XXXIV. And whereas in the said former Act, and in this present Act, divers Penalties and Forfei-a*!uu, tines are directed for certain Offences particularly specified, touching which no exprefe Provision is

made how the Offenders liable tq such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be proceeded against; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon Complaint made to any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough against any such Offender or Offenders, it shall be lawful for the said Justice, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict the Offender or Offenders; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures by this or the said former Act incurred, and also all and every Sum and Sums of Money therein or herein directed to be raised or paid, touching which no other Provision is made, shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons liable to pay the same, (unless such Persons shall voluntarily pay the same on Demand) by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of a Justice of the Peace of the said Borough, (which Warrant the said Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant); and the said Penalties, Forfeitures, and Sums, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (it any be) to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted) shall be applied (if not other wise directed to be applied by this or the said former Act) to the Purposit of carrying the said former and this present Act into Execution.

Jtftion vcM

XXXV. Provided always, That it shall be in the Power of the Justice or Justices before whom such with a Power of Conviction shall be made to mitigate all or any of the Penalties infii&ed by this Act, so that such Miti-Muigatie* gation do not extend to more than Three-fourth* of the original Penalty.

Itailt tbs

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said former Act as dirods, that the Own-quay, to be ers or Proprietors of the several Quays adjoining to Sutton Foot, shall cause Rails to be plaood upon the placed by the Quays, and keep the same in Repair, be, and the (tune is hereby repealed: and that in order to pre-&cprictort» vent Accidents which may happen from the Want of proper Rails being placed upon the Qgays near the Harbour called Sutton Pool in the said Town, the several Owners and ProprietorsoJF the foreral publick Quays adjoining to the said Harbour shall, within Six Calendar Months from and after the passinr this Act, cause proper Rails to be placed and fixed upon the said Quays next the said Harbour: and shall, from Time to Time, keep such Rails in proper Repair; or in Default thereof the said* Commissioners are hereby authorised and required with all convenient Speed to brder the said Quays to be properly raised, or the Rails thereof repaired, as the Case shall happen to be, and the Expence attending the same shall be paid by the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Quays to the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer or Clerk, or to such other Person as they shall for that Purpose appoint; and in Default of such Payment, the same may be recovered from the said respective Owners or Occupiers of the Taid Quays by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, in the Name of any Two of the said Commissioners or their Cleric, with Full Costs of Suit.

WttchmfM to

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for «ppr*h«nd 4if- for the said Watchmen, or any of them, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required during *?tly the Time of their keeping Watch and Ward, to apprehend and secure in the Watch-house, or some other Places of Safety under the Direction of the Constable of the Watch for the Time being, all such J ' Disturbers of the King’s Peace, and such disorderly or suspected Persons as shall be found wandering or misbehaving the mselvet, and to carry them as soon as conveniently may be before the Mayor, or some Justice of the Peace of the said Borough, in order to be examined and dealt with according to Law. c We w for- ‘

XXXVIII. And whereas by a Clause in the said former Act, Carts, Waggons, and other Wheel-mrt Aa to pre- carriages are prohibited to remain in the Streets for any longer Time than the Space of Two Hours 11 ^urt*,cr by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clause, and all and every the Penalties

tngieft m t thereby imposed, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, extend to all Drays, Sledges, pr other Carriages of what Nature or Kind soever.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Assessment, Adjudication, or Penalty, in pursuance of the said forifter or this present Act, such Person or Persons shall and may be at Liberty to appeal cither to the Justices of the Peace for the said Town at the next Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be bolden in and for the same by Adjournment or otherwise, such Appellant or Appellants first giving reasonable Notice to the said Commissioners or their Clerk; and if reasonable Notice be not given, the Justices shall adjourn the Appeal to the next Court, to be holden as aforesaid, at which said Court the said Justices shall have Power to hear and determine the same, or he, she, or they, shall and may be at Liberty to appeal, in the first Instance, to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Devon, such Appellant or Appellant^ hirft giving such Notice, and entering into such Recognizances as b^the said former Act is in that Behalf directed; and the Determination of the Quarter Sessions, to which such Appeal shall be made, shall be binding, final, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes. former

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Articles,

irm* Provisione, Penalties, forfeitures, Matters, and Things, in the said former Act contained, except

such

Streets, further «x< tided.

fomtt of Af-

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 9. 331

such and so many of them as are repealed, altered* or varied by this present Act, shall be, and continue in full Force and Effect $ and that all and every Contract and Agreement which have already been made in pursuance or by virtue of the said former Act, shall be, and the same are hereby established and confirmed.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passinx this Act, and attending all Contracts made in pursuance of the Execution of the Powers of the said former " 10 be*

Act, and the Expences attending the several Applications to Parliament in the last Session, for Amend- ajr

ing the said former Act, shall be paid out of tnc First Monies to be raised by virtue of the said former or this present Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Ptiblick Act, Act,

and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, and other Persons whatsoever* without specially pleading th# fame.

Cap. ix:

An Act to enable the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to borrrow upon Bonds further Money, upon account of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level; and for establishing a further certain Fund, for Payment of the Bonds of the said Corporation, out of the said Middle and South Levels.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifteenth Year of King Charles the Se-Praaibte.

cond, intituled, An Act for settling the draining of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Aa 15 Car. II.

4 Level 5 it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That William then Earl of Bedford, and the^ ar^'"«

Adventurers and Participants of Francis Earl of Bedford, and the said Earl William, or either of UwL them, their Heirs and Assigns, in-such Manner as in the said Act is contained, should be a Body Body Politick and Corporate, and have Succession for ever, by the Name of The Governor., Bailiffs,

and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens; with Power to Jay Taxes upon the Ninety-five thousand Acres alToted to them as a Recompence for draining the said Great Level, (Twelve thousand Acres whereof had been defined and intended for His late Majesty King Charles the First, and had been set forth by Bounds in Severalty) for the Support,

Maintenance, and Preservation of the said Great Level, and to levy the same, with Penalties for

Non-payment; and to do all other Things, in order to the Support, Maintenance, and Preserv*-

tion of the said Great Level, and Works made, and to be made, in such Manner as in the said Act

is mentioned: And whereas by another Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King II.

Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the taxing and ajfcjfing of the Lands of the Adventurers within the Great Level of the Fens% it was enacted, That Eighty-three thousand Acres, Parcel of the said

Ninety-five thousand Acres, should, from Time to Time, be taxed and assessed by a gradual Acre-

tax of different Sorts and Values of Lands; and that the (kid Twelve thousand Acres, Residue of the said Ninety-five thousand Acres, should be rated at a Medium of the whole Tax, to be from Time v

to Time assessed upon the said Ninety-five thousand Acres: And, to the End that the said

Eighty-three thousand Acres might be more equally taxed by a gradual Acre-tax, certain Persons, in the same Act. named, were appointed {Surveyors and Valuers of the said Eighty-three

thousand Acres; and were, within the Time limited by the said Act, to digest the said Eighty-

three thousand Acres into a Number of Sorts and Degrees, not under the Number of Severn

Sorts and Degrees, and to rate and tax such Degrees, and digest the same into Schedules, in Writing; and to make Returns thereof, upon their Oaths, into the Fen-office, in such

Manner as by the said Act is prescribed: And whereas by Valuations, made by the several Persons

appointed by the said Act of the Twentieth of King Charles the Second, and duly returned into the

Office of the said Corporation in London, the said Eighty-three thousand Acres were set out and

4* diverted into Eleven different Sorts and Degrees of Land, and the several Sums to be rated and af-

felled upon each of the said Sorts and Degrees, as their respective Proportions of the Taxes to be

paid to the said Corporation, were, by the said Valuations, settled and limited; and the said Eighty-

three thousand Acres have always since been taxed by a gradual Acre-tax, according to the Degrees

and Proportions to set out and allotted, and the said Twelve thousand Acres at a Medium of such

Tax: And whereas by another Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bai-

liffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the Propri-

etors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion

of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation; and for eifccrtoining and appropriating the

M Taxes to be laid on the said North Level, and for the more effectual draining and pres r uing the said North

Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crow land, taking Notice, amongst other Things, that, at a Court of the said Corporation, held the Tenth Day of March, One thousand six hundred and ninety-seven, the said Corporation declared, that the several Parts of the said Great

Level should be distinguished by the several Names of The North Level, Middle LeveL and South Lt»

*+ vHt respectively; it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the said North Level, or the Lands,

332 C. 9. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Tenements, Rents, Taxes, and Revenues thereof, or of any Part thereof, should not be subject or liable to the Payment of any Debt, or Sum or Sums of Money, which should, at any Time there- after, be contracted, taken up, or borrowed by the said Corporation, for or upon account of the said Middle or South Llvels, or either of them; and also, that the said Middle and South Levels,

or either of them, or the Lands, Tenements, Rents, Revenues, and Taxes of them, or either of them, should not be subject or liable to the Payment of any Debt, or Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, which should at any Time thereafter be contracted, taken up, or borrowed, by the said Corporation, on account of the said North Level: And whereas, by another Act, made in the Twenty-*9 G, n. ninth Year of His said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for establishing a Fund

y for Payment of the Bonds of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, and for exchanging the present Bonds of the said Corporation for other Bonds, payable out of the Revenues of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level, and for enaoling the said Corporation to borrow further Sums, for the life of the said Great Level, to the End that a fufRcient Fund might be at all times thereafter raised and secured for the Payment of the Bonds of the said Corporation, and that the Bonds which had been given by the said Corporation for the Sum of Twenty seven thousand four hundred and forty Pounds, the then Debt of the said Corporation,* might be exchanged; and that the said Corporation might be enabled to borrow such further Sums as should be necessary for the Support and Preservation of the said Great Level; and that distinct Bonds might be given for the Money which should be borrowed upon account of the said Middle and South Levels, and upon account of the said North Level, it was (among other Things) enacted, Thar, during such Time as any Debt or Sum of Money should be due or owing from 4,4 or upon account of the said Middle and South Levels, all such Parts of the said Eighty-three thousand Acres as lie within the said Levels, or either of them, should yearly and every Year be, and the same were thereby rated, taxed, charged and assessed, by and with a single gradual Acre-tax, and such Part of the said Twelve thousand Acres as lie within the said Middle or South Levels, with a Medium of such single gradual Acre-tax, according to the said Act of the Twentieth of King Charles the Se- cond, and the Valuations made in pursuance thereof: And it was thereby provided, That it should be lawful for the Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, of the said Corporation, from Time to Time, to rate, tax, charge, or assess, all such Parts of the said Eighty-three thousand Acres, and Twelve thousand Acres, as lie within the said Middle or South Levels, with any further Tax which > they the said Governors, Bailiffs, and Conservators, should judge necessary, in the same Manner as they might have done before the making of the said Act: And it was thereby further enacted, That, in lieu of the Bonds thentofore given by the said Corporation, for securing the Payment of the said Debt of Twenty-seven thousand four hundred and forty Pounds, the said Governor^ Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any Five or tfiore of them, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs, or any of them, to be Two, should give other Bonds, under the Common Seal of the said Corporation, for the respective Sums due to the Person or Persons pofllffed of such Bonds, mentioning in the Bonds so. to be given, that the Money secured thereby was due and owingjipon account of the said Middle and South Levels; and that all and singular the Rents, Taxes, and Revenues, of the said Middle 14 and South Levels should be, and they were thereby declared to be, a Security for, and should be charged and chargeable with the Payment of the Sums mentioned in such Bonds, and all Interest due, and to become due thereupon; and that it should be lawful for the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any Seven or more of them, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs, or any of them, to be Two, from Time to Time, to borrow upon Bonds, any Sum or Sums of Money which they should judge necessary, for the Use of the said Middle and South Levels, or either of them, so as by, the borrowing of such Sum or Sums the Debt of the said Corporation, upon account of the said Middle and South Levels, should not be at any Time, made to exceed in the whole the Sum of Thirty-two thousand Pounds; declaring in the Bonds to be given for such Sum or Sums, that the Monies secured thereby was due and owing upon account of the said Middle and South Levels; and that the Rents, Taxes, and Revenues, of the said Middle and South Levels should be, and they were thereby, made a Security for Repayment of the Sums fa to be borrowed, with legal or less Interest for the same, as should be agreed upon between the ftid' Corporation and the Person or Persons lending such Money: And it was thereby further enacted, That all and singular the Rents, Taxes, and Sums of Money, to be received, raised, or levied, by the said Corporation, from, upon, or upon account of, such Part of the said Ninety-five thousand Acres as lie within the said Middle and South Levels, or either of them, should be charged and chargeable, in the first Place, wTith the Payment of the aforesaid Debt of Twenty-seven thousand four hundred and forty Pounds, and of such other Sums of Money as should be so borrowed upon account of the said Middle and South Levels, and of the Interest of such Debts and Sums of Money; and the Receiver of the said Corporation was thereby impowered and required, out of the first

Money which should from Time to Time come to his Hands, arising from the Rents, Taxes, and

Revenues, of the said Middle and South Levels, to pay the Interest of such Bonds as should be en- teted into upon account of the said Middle and South Levels, and also the Principal Monies due .44 upon such Bonds, upon Six Months Notice left for that Purpose at the Office of the said Corporation in London, by the Person or Persons possessed of such Bonds: And it was thereby further enacted and declared. That, in case any of the Bonds to be given by the said Corporation, upon account of the said Middle and South Levels, should not be paid by the said Receiver*, pursuant to such

Notice

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 9. 313

41 Notice left or given as aforesaid, then the Rents* Taxes* and Revenues, of the said Middle and M South Levels, should vest in the Person or Persons potTefled of such Bonds* until the same, together with ail Interest due thereupon, should be fully paid and satisfied; and such Person or Persons, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, should have the same Power, Rights, and Privileges, of recovering the said Rents, 'Paxes, and Revenues, of the said Middle and South Levels, as the said Corporation would have had* in case stich Bonds had been regularly paid and fully satisfied t And whereas* by an Order made by the said Corporation, on the T enth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, it was resolved^ That it should be a standing Order of the said Corporation, that no Money should be applied to any other Works in the said Middle and South Levels until the South Banks of Moretons Leamc* beginning at Standground; the North Bank of the Hundred Foot from Erith to Salters Load\ the Bank from the Hard Lands of Swafey to the Her- mitage; the South Bank of the Hundred Foot, from the Hermitage to Denver Sluice; the West Bank ot 7be Ouje, from Denver Sh ice to Littleport; the West Bank of The Grant* from Harrimeer to Claybithe; the Eail Bank of The G>ufry from Helgay Creek to Harrimeer; and the East Bank of The Grant, from Harrimeer to Claybithe; and the several Sluices and Gates adjoining to those Banks, (being the principal Works necessary for the Preservation of the said Middle and South Levels) should be put into good Repair; unless, at any future General Meeting of the Corporation, it should be found necessary for the Corporation to be at Part of the Expence of some particular material Works that 14 might be wanting for the Preservation of a particular District within either of those Levels: And whereas the Debt of the said Corporation, on account of the said Middle and South Levels, is in crcafed to the Sum of Thirty thousand seven hundred Pounds, which Debt still remains due, and is secured by Bonds enrered into pursuant to the said Act, and the Interest of such Bonds amounts annually to the Sum of Twelve hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds; and a single gradual Acre-tax on such Part of the said Eighty-three Thousand Acres, and the Medium Tax on Inch Part of the said Twelve thousand Acres, as lie within the said Middle and South Levels, charged and assessed by the said ASX of the Twenty-ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, produce an- nually the Sum of Four thousand four hundred and eighteen Pounds, Eighteen Shillings; and the further 'Fax of a Quarter of a single gradual Acre-tax on the said Lands will produce the further Sum of Eleven hundred and four Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Six-pence: And whereas, by the Floods which happened last Winter, great Damage hath been done to the Banks and principal Works before- mentioned, which cannot be sufficiently repaired, or the said Middle and South Levels properly pre- served, by the ordinary Revenue of the said Corporation, arising from the said Middle and South Levels, nor unless a further Power is given to the said Corporation to borrow Money beyond the Sum of Thirty-two thousand Pounds, limited by the said ASX of the Twenty-ninth Year of His late Majesty, and such Parts of the said Ninety-five thousand Acres as lie in the said Middle and South Sevcls are absolutely charred with a further Tax than the same are charged with by the said Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, as- a Further certain Fund for the Payment of the Debts of the said Corporation,- upon account of the said Middle and South Levels, which cannot he done without the Aid of Parliament; and as the maintaining and prtferving the said principal Works will not only be for the Benefit of the Country in general, but will tend to the greater Security of the present Creditors of the said Corporation; may it please Y'our Majesty, upon the humble Petition of the said Governor, Bailiff's, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level of the Fens, That it may. be enacted and be it cn-afttd by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, of the said Corporation, or any Ten or more of them, whereof the Governor, or Bailiffs, or any of them* to be Three, to borrow upon Bonds, under the Common Seal of the said Corporation, any Sum or Sums of Money which they shall see necessary, for the use of the said Middle and South Levels, or either of them, at legal or less Interest for the same, as shall be agreed upon between the said Corporation and the Person or Persons lending such Money, so as by the borrowing of such Sum or Sums of Money the Debt of the said Corporation, upon account of the said Middle and such Levels, including the said present Debt of Thirty thousand seven hundred Pounds, be not at any Time made to exceed in the whole the Sum of Forty four thousand Pounds; declaring in the Bonds to be given for such Sum or Sums, that the Money secured thereby is due and owing upon account of the said Middle and South Levels; any Thing in the said Act of the Twenty ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IJ. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during such time as the Debts which shall be due and owing from the said Corporation, upon account of the said Middle and South Levels, shall exceed the Sum of Thirty-two thousand Pounds, all such Parts of the said Eighty-thrcc thousand Acres as lie within the said Middle and South Levels, or either of them, shall yearly, and every Year, be; and the same are hereby rated, taxed, charged, and a lie! led, with a Quarter, or Fourth Part of a single gradual Acre-tax ever anc! above the single gradual Acre-tax with which the same are rated, taxed, charged, and aiilftVd by the said Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty; and that, during such time as aforesaid, such Parts of the said Twelve thousand Acres as lie within the said Middle and South Levels, shall likewise be, and the same are hereby rated, taxed, charged, and atirftld, with a Medium of such further Tax of a Quarter, or Fourth Pait, of a. Engle giadual A.cre*ux, according to k the.

Order of Bedford: Lcrtl Corporation, of 10th June, 1756, di-resting Money to be applied to; the pr.ncipal Banks of Middle and South Levels only.

Present Deb* of the Corporation, on account of Middle and Sou h Levels: Annual Interest thereof. Produce of a single tax; also

of Quarter tax*.

Power to borrow more Money upon Bonds, on account of Middle and South Level*, so at ths whole Debt be not m i c to exceed the Sum of* 44,01.01,

Th'frreral Pjftt of the #3,oca Acres as *ie in the Middle and South Leve i, charged \\ tl. a Tax and a tarter duting r!.r Contii-tvn* e c: an* Pan t: iio. auiiitiotui L^-bu

S34 C. 9.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Frorifo.

Im4i to be

trantfefrabte.

bouth Levels, b»>w to be applied

the said Act of the Twentieth of King Charles the Second, and the Valuations made in pursuance thereof.

III. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, of the said Corporation, from Time to Time, to rate, tax, charge, or assess, all such Parts of the said Eighty-three thousand Acres, and Twelve thousand Acres, as lie within the said Middle or South Levels, with any further Tax which they the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, shall judge necessary, in the same Manner as they might have done before the making of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bonds to be given by the said Corporation for the Money to be borrowed by them as aforesaid, as well as the Bonds already given for the

without Sumps. fajj ]}ebt of Thirty thousand seven hundred Pounds, shall be transferable or afRgnabie, by Indorse-Assignments to ment upon the original Bonds, without Stamp, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Trans-be entered with fer or Assignment being produced to the Register of the said Corporation, and by him entered in a Book the Register of to kCpt for tfoat purpose (which Entry the said Register is hereby required to make upon Request, the

orpon person producing such Transfer or Assignment paying the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every such Entry) shall intitle the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer or Assignment shall be made his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Money secured by such Bonds, and all Interest due, or to grow due thereupon; and such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators, may, in like Manner, by Indorsement, without Stamp, assign and transfer such Bonds so assigned as aforesaid, and so toties quotia% as Occasion shall require; every such Assignment being entered in such Book as aforesaid.

Money raiM V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and singular the Rents, Taxes, by the Corpo* an(jj Sums of Money, to be received, raised, or levied, by the said Corporation, from, upon, or on theuxabl^Landt ^couiit of, such Part of the said Ninety-five thousand Acres as lie within the said Middle or South Lein Middle and vels, or either of them, shall be charged or chargeable, in the first Place, with the Payment of the aforesaid Debt of Thirty thousand seven hundred Pounds, and of all such other Sum of Money as shall be borrowed upon account of the said Middle and South Levels as aforesaid, and of the Interest of such Debt and Sums of Money; and the Receiver of the said Corporation for the Time being, is hereby itn-powered and required, out of the first Money which shall from Time to Time come to his Hands, arising from the Rents, Taxes, and Revenues, of the said Middle and South Levels to pay the Interest of the Bonds entered into, and to be entered into, upon account of the said Middle and South Levels, and also the Principal Money due upon such Bonds, upon like Notice left at the Office of the said Cor-a t poration.

ney°roiccouiit

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, Thit in case

of the Middle any of the Bonds given by the said Corporation upon account of the said Middle and South Levels, shall and South Le- not be paid by the said Receiver pursuant to such Notice left or given as aforesaid, then the Rents, be not paid Taxes, and Revenues, of the said Middle and South Levels, shall vest in the Person or Persons possessed by Recwvkr, of such goncj9> until the same, together with all Interest due, and to become due, thereupon, shall be Ae.°to be Veiled fully satisfied and paid; and such Person or Persons, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall in Person* pof- have the same Power, Rights, and Privileges, of recovering the said Rents, Taxes, and Revenues, of fdTed of such the said Middle and South Levels, as the said Corporation would have had in case such Bonds had been Bond*: regularly and fully paid and satisfied.

Butno Money

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Money to borrowed by the said Corporation, upon acaotuit of the said, Middle and South Levels, or either of cbJrerf on the them, shall be charged or chargeable upon any of the Rents, Taxes, or Revenues, of the said Corpo-Rent*, &c. of ration, arising within the said North Level, or any Part thereof.

North Level. VIII, Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Money to be How the Money borrowed in pursuance of this Act, as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall not be applied by the said borrowed it to Corporation to any other Works but the repairing, maintaining, and preferring, the South Banks of Morctoris Leame, beginning at Standground\ the North Bank of the Hundred Foot from Erith to Salters Load\ the Bank from the Hard Lanas of Swafry to the Hermitage; the South Bank of the Hundred Foot from the Hermitage to Denver Sluice5 the Welt Bank of The Ouse from Denver Sluice to Littleport; the West Bank of The Grants from Harrtmeer to Clayhithe\ the East Bank of The Ouf:y from Hclgay Creek to Harimcer; and the East Bank of The Grants from Harimeer to Clayhithe; and the several Sluices and Gates adjoining to those Banks.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no more than the Sum of Six thousand Pounds of the Money to be borrowed in pursuance of this Act, shall be applied for the pphed only in Purposes aforesaid; except in case of actual Breach of some or One of the Banks before mentioned; Breach of Bank an^ that the Sum of Six thousand Pounds, Residue of the Money so to be borrowed in pursuance of ’this Act shall be applied only in repairing the Breaches which shall, from Time to Time, happen in and ro be repaid the said Banks, or any of them: And, to the End that there may always be a sufficient Fund to repair so 48 to be a pci- the Bre?ches which may from Time to Time, happen in the said Banks; b« it further enacted by the i*tu.ii Fund for Authority aforesaid, That all such Sums of Money as shall be so applied in repairing and amending such thitVuipose. Breaches of Banks, shall, from Tiny to Time, be repaid and reimbursed by the said Corporation, out of their general yearly Revenue arising from the Rents and Taxes of the said Middle and South Levels (but subject, and without Prejudice, to the Debts of the said Corporation, and to the Remedies given for recovering the same); at the yearly Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds advanced for the Purpose aforesaid, and so in proportion for a greater or lesser Sum, till the capital Sums so advanced (without any Interest for the lame) shall, from Time to Time, be repaid or reimbursed; and that 3 the

be applied.

The Sum of 6eoo 1. to be

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. G so, tr.

the Money, from Time.to Time repaid or rttraburftd, shall be again applicable to the repairing and amending of such Breaches of Banks as aforesaid, or to the Payment of the Money borrowed for that Purpose; and that (b much thereof as shall be aeain applied in repairing such Breaches of Banks, be again repaid or reimbursed out of the general yearly Revenue of the said Corporation, arising from the Rents and Taxes of the said Middle and Shutn Levels, in Manner aforesaid 5 and so Mies quoties as often as any Money so repaid or reimbursed shall be again laid out in Repairs of Breaches of Banks, as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed Ad,

and allowed rn all Courts within this Kingdom to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Person without ({serially pleading the same.

CAP. X.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Ptpifts j and for Relief

of Prcrtestant Purchasert. EXP* 1st January 1773.

CAP. XI.

An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family.

Afo/I Gracious Sovereign

c \\T WHEREAS Your Majesty, from Your Paternal AffeAbit Co Your dWttFmily, and from Psetmbk.

1 W Your Royal Concern for the future Welfare of Your People, and the Honour and Dignity of Your Crown* was graciously pleased to recommend to Your Parliament to take into their serious Cori-4 ^deration, Whether it might not be wife and expedient to supply the Defied of the Laws now in be- ing *, and, by some new Provision, more effectually to guard the Descendants of His late Majesty King Gec'ge the Second, (other than the Issue of Princesses who have married, or may hereafter marry, into ioicign Families) from marrying without the Approbation of Your Majesty, Your Heirs, Or Successors, hr ft had and obtained; we have taken this weighty Matter into our serious Connderation;

and, being sensible that Marriages in the Royal Family are of the highest Importance to the State,

and that therefore the Kings of this Realm have ever been entrusted with the Care and Approbation ~ thereof; and, being thoroughly convinced of the Wifilom and Expediency of what Your Majesty has thought he to recommend, upon this Occasion, we. Your Majesty's tnoft dutiful and loyal Subjlda the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, do humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Descendant of the Body Wo Defctndiit of His late Majesty King George the Second, Male or Female, (other than the Issue of Princesses who have married, or may hereafter marry, into Foreign Families) shall be capable of contradine Matri- /other than the mony without the previous Consent of His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, signified under tnc Great issue of Prin-Seal, and declared in Council, {which Consent, to preserve the Memory thereof, is hereby directed to cefle*carried, or be ftt out in the Licence and Register of Marriage, and to be entered in the Books of the Privy Coun- ?ho mirrJ

cil); and that every Marriage, or Matrimonial Contract, of any such Descendant, without such Con-sint first had and obtained, shall be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. capable of con!

trailing Marri-

fnony without the fKTioot Content of His Majesty, Hit Mein, &c. signifieft under the Great Seal, declared in Council, and entered in ihc Privy Council Books. Every Marr.age of any (ochDefendant, without (Web Consent, (halibc null and void.

n. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Descendant I. case any of the Body of His late Majesty King George the Second, being above the Age of Twenty-five Years, Descendant of shall persist in his or her Resolution to contract a Marriage disapproved of, or dissented from, by the *>11 *f,n8 King, His Heirs, or Successors; that then such Descendant, upon giving Notice to the King's rrivy Council, which Notice is hereby directed to be entered in the nooks thereof, may, at any Time from COntratf TMar-the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months after such Notice given to the Privy Council as aforesaid, riage di(approved contract such Marriage; and his or her Marriage with the Person before proposed, and rejtded, may ofbyHts Majesty, be duly solemnized, without the previous Consent of His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors; and such ^cfccndani. Marriage shall be good, as if this Act had never been made, unless both Houses of Parliament shall, be- Months Notice tore the Expiration of the said Twelve Months, expressly declare their Disapprobation of such intended to the Pnvy Marriage. Council, may

contract such

Star riage j and the same may Vo duly so]-mailed, without the previous Coastit of His Majesty; and shall be good; except both Houses of patliaojCJ* shall declare i heir D16pprobation theteuf.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall knowingly Peiftmt who or wilfully presume to solemnize, or to assist, or to be present at the Celebration of any Marri gc with shall wilfully so-any such Descendant, or at his or her making any Matrimonial Contract, without such Consent as kmr',r> aforesaid first had and obtained, except in the Case above mentioned, being duly convicted 4'0‘

thereof, incur and suffer the Pains and Penalties ordained and provided by tho Statute of Provision and Marriage, u tb-treemwire made in the Sixteenth Yew of the Reign of Richard the Second. out such Cm-

sent, Ibs'l on

Gmm'Jjbea» idWf tbs Ftaaltics provided by the Statute acd Frcxmanut lb K*h. II.

336 C. 12, 13, 14; Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

CAP. XII.

An Act for further continuing Two Acts made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty's Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty's Dominions in America, till a+th March 1774-

CAP. XIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two,

CAP. XIV.

An Act for Clearing, Depthening, Repairing, Maintaining, and Improving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth \ and for Depthening, and making more Navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from.Accidents by Fire.

iVaniMe.

Act 23 Geo II.

After the 2 5^1 March 1772* 'the Duties -granted by the former Act are to ceaTe,

Duties on CtKkls, 8tc. unladen in the Haven of Great War mouth, &c.

&X«y r, &c. to chute a Colour.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Repairings Improving, and Maintaining the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for Depthening and making more Navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Havens and also for prrfcrvi :g Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; feve- ral Duties were granted for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving the said Haven and Piers, and for depthening the Channel of that Part of the River Tare called Bray~

dons and for making more navigable the said River Tarts and the Rivers JVaveney and Bures which ‘ empty themselves into the said Haven, and for repairing the Bridge and publick Quays belonging to the said Town; and also for preserving Ships wintering in the said Haven; which Ad will expire at the End of this present Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Haven and Piers will soon fall into Decay, unless some timely and effectual Provision be made by Parliament for preserving the same;

Therefore, for preserving to the Inhabitants of the said Borough and the adjacent Counties, and of the City of Norwichs the Benefit of t}'e said Haven and Piers, and to the End that the said Haven,

which is of great Importance to the Trade of these Kingdoms, may be cleared and depthened, and the said Piers and Jettee, on the North Side of the said Haven, may be preserved and kept in Repair,

and Timber and other Materials for that Purpose provided from Time to Time, as Occasion may re--4 quire; and that the Channel of that Part of the River Tare called Braydons leading from Great Tar- mouth to the said City of Norwichs and so much of the River IFenfons commonly called Tarts as lies between the New Mills in Norwich and Hardly Crcfss in Hardly, in the County of No?folks and also the River Waveneys and also the River Bures commonly called the North Rivers (which said Ri-

vers empty themselves into the said Haven), may be depthened and made more navigable for Boats and Keels usually passing upon the same, and that the Bridge and publick Quays belonging to the said Town may be repaired may it please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and Seventy-two, th i Duties granted by the said recited Act made in the Twenty-third Year of His late Majesty's Reign shall cease, determine, and be no longer, paid.

II. And be it further enacted, that in Jieu of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be paid by every Mailer, or other Person or Persons having the Rule and Command of any Ship or Vessel which shall unlade within the said Haven of Great Yarmouths or in that Part of the Sea called Tarmouth Roads near a joining to the said Borough, extending from the South Part of the Town of Scratby, in the County of Not folks to the North Part of the Town of Gortons in the County of Suffolk, at the Time of unlading the said Ship or Vesel, for the Goods hereafter mentioned; (that is to say,)

III. For every Chaldron of Coals, ffinchester Measure, Last of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Malt, or other Giain, and for every Wdgh ol Salt, and every Tunof all other Goods or Merchandise whatsoever (Fish only excepted) which shall be unladen in or imported into the said H.iven or Road, the Sum of Ten-pence, or such other greater Sum as the Twelve Commissioners to be appointed as herein after is directed, or any Seven of them (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of No folks Suffolk, and the City of Norwich) shall o:der and direct, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Twelve-pence; which said hims of Money shall, from Time to Time, be applied and tiifposed of for the several Uf?s, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Manner and Proportions herein after directed concerning the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the borough of Great Yarmouths in Common Council assembled, shall, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, nominate and chus? such Person or Persons as they shaft think fit to be Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Ps.cceivers of all and every the Sum and Sums of Mon y determined by the Authority of this Act ordered and appointed to be paid; which Sum and Sums of Mo-iu y the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers shall, from Tim? to Time, pay, or cause to h* paid, into th? Hands of the Cftambcilains of the said Borough for the Time being, or into the JkLuvis of such other Person or Persons as the May9rf Aldermen, Purge libs, and Commonalty of the said

Borough

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 14. 337

Borough in Common Council assembled shall, from Time to Time, direct and appoint to receive the, fame, for the Uses and Purposes in and by this Act directed, and for no other U(e, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever: And the Mayor, or Deputy Mayor, of the said Borough for the Time being, is hereby au- ColltAon to thorised and required to administer an Oath to every such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, ukeanOAt* who shall be nominated and chosen as aforesaid, for the true and faithful executing of his or their Office in or about the Premises, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: And the said Collector Colleaor* AJ-or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to be nominated and chosen as aforesaid, and every of them, shall, x«S3So®r from Time to Time, be allowed for his or their Pains in executing the said Office, out of the Sums of Money by him or them received and paid, so much as the said Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit, not exceeding Sixpence for every Twenty Shillings by him or them received and paid as aforesaid; and the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the said §orough, shall be answerable for, and make good such Money as shall be collected, levied, or received by, and paid into the Hands of, any Collector, Receiver, Chamberlain, or other Person or Persons by them to be appointed as aforesaid: And also shall and may, during, the Continuance Colleaor* tv of this Actj call before them the Collectors, Receivers, Chamberlains, or other Person or Persons so by account for them appointed as aforesaid, who are hereby required to render to them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall direct to inspect and take the Accounts of such Collectors, Receivers, Chamberlains, or other Persons so by them appointed, a full and perfect Account of all Monies which they the said Collectors,

Receivers, or other Persons, shall have collected or received as aforesaid; and in case they, or any of them, shall be found in Arrear. or shall refuse to account or to pay the Money due upon the Balance of such Account, then it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor, or Deputy Mayor, of the said Borough for the Time being respectively, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing to account, or to pay the Money due upon the Balance of such Account, such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall be required to account for, or as shall be found due upon the Balance of his or their Account, rendering the Overplus (if any shall be) to the Person or Persons upon whom such Distress shall be made; and for want of sufficient ColleAon Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, or Deputy Mayor, for the Time being respectively, by like Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, until he or they shall account for and pay, or secure to be paid, such Sum or Sums of Money as hath or have been, or shall be, received by him or them, or found due upon the Balance of his or their Account.

V. And, for the better carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Abe it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Twelve Commissioners shall yearly, and every Year, be nominated and appointed, in Manner and at the Times following; (that is to lay), Three of the said Commissioners shall nualJ3r f be nominated and appointed by the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said Borough of Great Yarmouth, in Common Council assembled, before the End of the Week next after the Feast of ' Ea/ler% and other Three of the said Commissioners shall be nominated and appointed by the Mayor,

Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the said City of Norwich, in Common Council assembled, before the End of the said Week next after the Feast of Easter, and other Three of the said Commissioners shall be nominated and appointed by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the said County, in the said Week next after the Feast of Easter, and the other Three of the said Commissioners shall be nominated and appointed by the

justices of the Peace for the said County of Suffolk, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to e holden at Beccles or Lowestoft, in and for the said County, in the said Week next after the said Feast of Easter; which said Commissioners so annually nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall continue in their respective Offices from the Week next after Easter in every Year, until the Week next after Easter in the Year following; the First Appointment of the said Twelve Commissioners, to be made in the Week next after the First of Easter, which shall happen next after the passing of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Twelve Commissioners so to be annually nominated Meetingaf and appointed as aforesaid, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Nor- Comr *tru folk and Suffolk and the City of Norwich), shall meet at the Guildljall in Great Yarmouth aforesaid, upon the Second Tuesday in June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and also upon the Second Tuesday in June in every Year, during the Continuance of this Act, and at such other Time or Times, and at such other Place in Great Yarmouth aforesaid, as they the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich), or the major Part of them present at and constituting any Meeting, shall, at such their annual or adjoining Meetings, adjourn themselves unto, and at such other Time or Times, and at such Place in Great Yarmouth aforesaid, as they shall think fit, (Notice in Writing thereof being given by any Two of the said Commissioners to the rest of the Commissioners, and also to the Mayor, or Deputy Mayor of the said Borough of Great Yarmouth for the Time being. Fourteen Days at the least before any such Meeting.)

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, Evinces of the or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich), at any of their Meetings to be held at Great Yarmouth aforesaid, to order and direct the Chamberlains of the said Borough, or such ocher Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Manner before directed, to receive the Money to be collected and levied by virtue of this Act, to pay out of all or any of the said Monies then in his or their Hands, or which shall come to his or their Hands, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been expanded by the respective Counties. City, and Vot, XI. X x Borough

33*

The Sum of 3 d. to be divided i« Manner therein mentioned, and applied for the Purposei of the

*a.

Application of

Surplui-money allotted to the County of Suffolk.

Three-pence (other Part of the said Duties) how to be applied*

C. 14. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Borough aforesaid, in and about procuring this present Act of Parliament; and the said Chamberlains, or other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, are hereby required to pay such Sum and Sums of Money accordingly.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Three-pence, Part of the said Duty of Ten-pence, granted -by this A A, shall be divided and paid upon the Second Tuesday in June in every Year, by the Chamberlains of the said Borough of Great Yarmouth for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as fbaM be, from Time to Time, appointed to receive the Duties aforesaid, in the Manner and Proportions following $ (that is to say). The Sum of One Penny Halfpenny, Part of the said Threepence, unto the Chamberlain of the City of Norwich for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons, as by the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonahyof the said City, in Common Council assembled, shall be appointed to receive the same, to be applied for and towards clearing and depthening that Part of the Channel of the said River/Venfon, commonly called Yare, which lies between^he NewMilh in Norwich and Hardly Cross aforesaid, and for preventing Filth and Mud falling into the said River, and for diddling or otherwise cleansing the same, in such Manner as the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the said City, in Common Council assembled, shall order and direct; and also forand towards defraying the Expence of procuring and carrying into Execution a Commission of Sewers for improving the Navigation of such Part of the said River IVenfon, commonly called Yare, as is last above mentioned, and for removing all such Impediments and Annoyances as shall b_* found to be dangerous and hurtful thereunto; and the Sum of One Halfpenny, other Part of the said Three-pence, unto such Person or Persons as by the Justices of the Peace, at the Quarter-sessions holden for the County of Norfolk, shall be yearly appointed to receive the same, to be applied for and towards clearing and depthening the said River Bure, commonly called The North River, and also those Branches of the said River which lead from Saint Bemiet's Ably to Dilharn, and from Baflwick Bridge to Hick ling, in the said County of Norfolk, in such Manner as the said Justices of the Peace, at the Quarter-sessions holden as aforesaid, shall order and direct; and also for and towards defraying the Expence of procuring and carrying into Execution a Commission of Sewers for improving the Navigation of the said River Bure, commonly called The North River, and its Branches aforesaid, and for removing all such Impediments and Annoyances as shall be found to be dangerous and hurtful thereunto; and the Sum of One Halfpenny, other Part of the said Three-pence, unto such Person or Persons as by the Justices of the Peace, at the Quarter-sessions holden at Beccles or Lowestoft, in and for the said County of Suffolk, shall be yearly appointed to receive the Came, to be applied for and towards clearing and depthening the said River TVaveney, in such Manner as the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Suffolk, at the Quarter-sessions holden as aforesaid, shall order and direct; also for and towards defraying the Expence of procuring and carrying into Execution a Commission of Sewers, for improving the Navigation of the said River IVaveney, and for removing all such Impediments and Annoyances as shall be found to be dangerous and hurtful thereunto; and the Sum of One Halfpenny, Residue of the said Three-pence, unto such Person or Persons as by the Mayor, Aldermen-, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said Borough of Great Yarmouth, in Common Council assembled, dial] be appointed to receive the same, to be applied for and towards repairing the Bridge, and the publick Quays belonging to the said Borough, in such Manner as the Mayor, Aldermen, Bur-gcllts, and Commonalty of the said Borough, in Common Council assembled, shall, from Time to Time, order and direct: Which said several Sums hereby dire Acd to be divided and paid to each of the said Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, the City of Norwich, and Borough of Great Yarmouth respectively, shall be annually accounted for during the Continuance of this Act, by the Persons concerned in the Receipt and Expenditure thereof, before the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich), at their annual Meeting at Great Yarmouth aforesaid; and the Surplus of the said respective Sums, (if any) shall be applied for and towards the several Uses herein-before directed, concerning the same respectively, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and City of Norwich) shall think fit.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the aforesaid Surplus of the Quota or Sum of Money, Part of the said Sum of Three-pence, herein-before allotted to the County of Suffolk, shall be more than sufficient for the Purposes to which the same is appropriated as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich) and they, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised, from Time to Time, to order such Part of the said Surplus as shall be unnecessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to be laid out and employed for such publick Purposes within the said County of Suffolk, as to them the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich) shall seem most meet and expedient; any Thing therein contained to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of Three-pence, other Part of the said Duty of Ten-pence granted by this Act, shall be divided and paid in Manner follow ing; that is to say, The Sum of One Halfpenny, Part of the said last mentioned Three-pence, to such Person or Persons as by the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter-sessions, to be holden for the said County of Norfolk, shall be appointed to receive the lame, / to be applied for and towards the further clearing and depthening the said River Bure, commonly called The North River, and also those Branches of the said River, which lead from Saint Bennet's Abby to Dilhatn, and from Bailwick Bridge to Hickling, in the said County of Northfolk, in such Manner as the said last mentioned Justices of the Peace, at the Quarter-feflioa holden as aforesaid, shall order and direct; and the Sum 1 of

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 14. 339

of Two-pence Halfpenny, Residue of the said aft-mentioned Sum of Three-pence, to such Person or Persons as by the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said Borough of Great Yar-mouthy in Common Council assembled, shall be appointed to receive the same, to be applied for and towards the full and effectual clearing and depthening that Part of the River fare leading from Yarmouth to Norwich^ called Braydon, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk amd Suffolk^ and the City of Norw'ub) shall order and diretft.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said last mentioned Sum of Three-pence, shall not, at any Time, be raised and levied, unless Notice in Writing, signed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich) at One of their Meetings at Great Yarmouth aforesaid, shall be tirft given to the Mayor, or Deputy Mayor, of the said Borough of Great Yarmouth for the Time being respectively, that it u neerflary to raise the said Sum of Three-pence for the Purposes aforesaid; and that then such Sum shall be raised accordingly.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the last mentioned Sum of Three-pence, when raised, shall be annually accounted for by the several Persons concerned in the Receipt and Expenditure thereof, before the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk and the City of Norwich) at their annual Meeting at Great Yarmouth aforesaid; and the Overplus (if any) of the said Halfpenny, Part of the said last mentioned Sum of Three-pence, shall be applied and disposed of in clearing and depthening the said River Bure, commonly called The North River, and its Branches aforesaid, in such Manner ns the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, (being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich) at their annual Meeting as aforesaid, shall order and direct; and the Overplus (if any) of the said Two-pence Halfpenny, Residue of the said last mentioned Sum of Three-pence, shall remain in the Hands of such Person or Persons as the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said Borough of Great Yarmouth, in Common Council assembled, shall appoint, to be applied m keeping the said Channel of Braydon cleared and depthened, at such Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City or Norwich) shall think fit.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Four-pence, other Part of the said Duty of Ten-pence, granted by this Act, shall be applied and disposed of in clearing and depthening the said Haven, and in maintaining and keeping in Repair the said Piers and Jettee, and all the Capfterns, Cables, and Ropes thereunto belonging and necessary, proper ahJ accustomed to be therewith used, in such Manner as the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said Borough of Great Yarmouth aforesaid, in Common Council assembled, shall, from Time to Time, order and direct, except at such Time or Times only as the further Duty of Two-pence herein after mentioned shall be raised.

XIV. Provided always, That if in any Year it shall appear to the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, ffive being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suff olk, and the City of Norwich) that the said Sum of Four-pence, hereby directed to be applied in clearing and depthening the said Haven, and in maintaining and keeping in Repair the said Piers and Jettee, and the Capfterns, Cables, and Ropes thereto belonging, will not be sufficient for those Purposes, it shall and may be lawful $0 and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich)f at any of their Meetings at Great Yarmouth aforesaid, to direct a further Sum of Two-pence, Part of the said Duty of Twelve-pence, to be raised, until the next annual Meeting of the Commissioners to be appointed in pursuance of this Act; which further Sum of Two-pence, when raised, and all such Sums as shall have arisen from the aforesaid Sum of Four-p. nce, Part of the said Duty of Ten-pence, and shall then be remaining in Hand as a Surplus unexpended, and also all such Sums as shall arise from the aforesaid Sum of Four-pence, for and during so long Time only as the said additional Duty of Two-pence shall be raised, shall be applied and disposed of by the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Great Yarmouth aforesaid, in repairing, improving, and maintaining the said Haven, Pic*s, and Jettee, and the Capfterns, Cables, and Ropes th reunto belonging, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, ffive being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich) shall judge necessary, and for no other Ufa or Purpose whatsoever.

XV. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That the said further Sum of Two-pc nee shall not be raised and levied unless Notice in Writing, signed by Seven of the said Commissioners, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Stffo/k, and the City of Norwich) at a Meeting of the said Commissioners at Great Yarmouth aforesaid, shall be first given to the Mayor, or Deputy Mayor, of the said Borough for the d ime being respectively, that it is necessary to raise the said burn ol Two pence for the Purposes aforesaid.

XVI. Provided also, That if at any Time or Times hereafter it shall appear to the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Sutfdk, and the City of Norwich) that the said Haven shall be so sufficiently cleared and depthened, and the said Piers and

- Jettee, and the Capfterns, Cables, and Ropes thereunto belonging, shall be put in such good and fub-llantial Repair and Condition that the said Haven may continue to be sufficiently cleared and depcbuied, and the said Piers and Jettee, and the Capfterns, Cables, and Ropes thereunto belonging, may continue to be in such good and fubilamial Repair and Condition, without collecting the whole Sum of Four-

X x a pence.

The left Mentioned 3 d. (halt not be raided without Notice, that it it ab foil :eJy necessary.

How to be applied, if raised.

The Four-peisce (Part of the said Duties) how to be applied, except when the further Duty of Twopence shall he raised.

K Four-pence is not suffic ent, the Commissioners may raise the additional Sum of Two-pence.

The additional Two-pence not

to be ra fed unless Votue thereof fiuli be ftift given.

Proviso for f*. vir.^ I’^rt (1 the Four-pence Uu.

34® C. 14.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Ip case necessary to increase

pence. Part of the said Duties herein-before granted for those Purposes; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or any Seven of them (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich) at any of their JMeetings to be held at Great Yarmouth aforesaid, to order and direct such Part only of the said Duty of Four-pence, as they shall think necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to be collected and raised for such Time as the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk^ and the City of Norwich) shall think necessary; and the said Duty so reduced shall be collected, levied, and applied in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the said Duty of Four-pence herein before directed can or may be collected, levied, and applied.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That if at any Time or Times, after such Reduction as aforesaid, it shall be found necessary to increase the said Duty so reduced as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Nor-levy the whole wich)y shall, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to order and direct the whole Sum of Four-Jour-pence. pence. Part of the said Duties, to be collected, levied, and applied in Manner herein-before directed ac-.

cording fb the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

If the Mayor,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty

*c- t^lc Borough of Great Yarmouth, shall neglect or refuse to apply the Money arising by the said

forcfiicTDuties] further Duty of Two-pence, or such Sums as shall be then remaining in Hand as a Surplus of the Mo-the Commission- ney raised by the aforesaid Sum of Four-pence, or which shall arise from the said Sum of Four-pence, ersat Urge may during all such Time as the said additional Duty of Two-pence shall be raised, in such Manner, and for d0 such Purposes, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich) to contract and agree with any fit Person or Persons for the Performance of such Works as they the said Commissioners shall think necessary; and in such Case the Chamberlains of the said Borough of Great Yarmouth, or such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed to receive the Duties to be collected and levied by virtue of this Act, shall pay the Money arising by the said further Duty of Two-pence; and all such Sun s as shall be remaining in Hand as a Surplus of the Money raised by the aforesaid Sum of Four-pence, or which shall arise from the said Sum of Four-pence* during all such Time as the said additional Duty of Two-pence shall be raised, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk The Duty of 4d. and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich) shall by Writing under their Hands appoint to receive the same. AaIV*MPplied

XIX. Provided always, That the said Sum of Four-pence shall, at all Times during the Continuance AcftaU diretft l^is be aPP^e<^ for Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, e»ept wheiTthe an(* Commonalty of the Borough oi Great Yarmouth aforesaid, in Common Council assembled shall di-additional Duty red, save at and during such Times only as the said Duty of Two-pence shall be raised; any Thing of be herein before contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Pf*d* 4

XX. And, to the End that the respective Duties by this Act granted may be duly accounted for,

S^aundnTthe *an<* ^cvera^ Sums hereby directed to be applied in repairing, improving, and maintaining the said on ‘Haven, Piers, and Jettee, and other the Purposes aforesaid, may be duly employed;’ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said Twelve Commissioners to be nominated in pursuance of this Act, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich), shall, at their annual Meeting at Great Yarmouth aforesaid, during the Continuance of this Act, or any Adjournment thereof, if they shall think fit, examine upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, are hereby impowered to administer) the Collectors or Receivers of all or any of the Monies to be collected and levied in pursuance of this Act; which said Collectors or Receivers are hereby required to appear at such Meeting, or any Adjournment thereof, and to render to the said Commissioners, assembled as aforesaid, a full and perfect Account of all and every the Sum and Sums of Money so by them collected or received as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, assembled as aforesaid, also shall and may, if they think fit, examine upon Oath, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, are hereby impowered to administer) all Persons concerned in, or intruded with the Receipt or Expenditure of all or any the several Sums hereby directed to be applied and disposed of for the Perfom intrafted several Purposes aforesaid; which Persons concerned or intruded as aforesaid, are hereby required to with Money to appear a* the said annual Meeting, or any Adjournment thereof, and to render unto the said Commis-Sftheir Di/buric' fi°ners* or any Seven of them as aforesaid, full and perfect Accounts of the Receipt and Expen-jncau, diture of all the Monies so by them received or expended, specifying in the said Accounts the parti-

cular Works for which the several Sums mentioned in the said Accounts to have been disbursed were expended, and producing proper Vouchers for the Payment of the said respective Sums, and shall also truly (late in the said Accounts all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall rest and pay orcr the due upon the Balance of such Accounts; and the said Commissioners, or any seven of them, (Five Balance to the being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich) shall, at their Gommiffioacn. annual Meeting, or any Adjournment thereof, insped, examine, and audit the said Accounts, and every Article thereof, and disallow and strike out of such Accounts, all unjust and unreasonable Articles and Charges, if any such there shall be; and also shall and may then order and direct all such Monies as shall justly, and without Fraud, appear to be due upon the Balance of such Accounts to be applied and disposed of for the several Purposes herein-before directed concerning the same; and the respective Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of all and every the Sum and Sums of money by this Act directed to be applied and disposed of, for the several Purposes herein-before mentioned, shall be made up yearly to the Twenty-fifth Day of March*

Collectors upon

Oath.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 14. 341

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Persons who are hereby required to appear be- Person« to app«r fore the said Commissioners, at their said annual or adjourned Meetings at Great Yarmouth aforesaid,

shall refuse or wilfully neglect to attend at any such Meeting, or shall then and there refuse to render ^ir Accounts such Account, or to answer upon Oath to all such lawful Questions as shall be put to them by the said before the Com-Commissioners, or any of them, touching the Receipt or Expenditure of any of the Monies mentioned missioner*, or be or charged in such Accounts; then, and in any of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful to committed, and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich), by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to the Common Gaol of the said Borough of Great Yarmouth, there to remain until he or they shall submit to render such Account, and be so examined upon Oath as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners for the Coun- Commissioner*

ties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich, or any Five of them, shall not meet yearly as afore- »lccting to at-said, in order to inspect, examine, and audit the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the fe- ycJr*

vcral Sums by this Act granted and made payable; then, in every such Year in which they shall not so to*

meet and inspect, examine, and audit the li, id Accounts as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and examine the Ac for the Mayor, AUcrmen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Great Yarmouth aforesaid, in counts. Common Council assembled, to inspect, examine, and audit the said Accounts, in the same Manner as

the said Commissioners are herein before impowered, to inspect, examine, and audit the same.

XXIII. And whereas several Sums of Money raised in pursuance of the said Act made in the Twenty- Acc0'*nt* UP

third Year of His late Majesty's Reign, will, at the Commencement of this Act, remain unaccounted for be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners to be appointed to put conunimonen. this Act in Execution, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich) shall and may, at their First Meeting, to be held at Great Yarmouth as aforesaid, inspect, examine, and audit, the Accounts of the Receipt anaExpenditure of the said respective Sums: which Accounts shall be made up to the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and the said Commissioners also shall and may, at such their First Meeting, execute all other the Powers and Authorities of the said Act made in the Twenty-third Year of Pus. late Majesty's Reign, relating to the said Sums, and every of them, and to all Persons concerned in the Collection, Receipt, and Expenditure thereof, as fully and effectually as the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, could or might have done during the Continuance of the said Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the said Borough of Great larmouthy in Com- *c# f< cef*' mon Council assembled, from Time to Time, and as often as they shall think fit, to remove or displace any Collector, Receiver, Officer, Overseer, Workman, or Labourer, who shall be by them employed in the Receipt or Collection of any of the Monies to be collected and levied by virtue of this Act, or in any Work or Employment in or about the said Haven, Piers, and 'Jettee or Channel of Rraydon aforesaid, and, from Time to Time, to dispose of, order, and direct, the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall contract or agree for, for Materials, Workmen’s Wages, or otherwise, for clearing and depthening the said Haven or Channel of Braydony and for repairing and maintaining the said Piers and Jettee; and also to inspect and take Accounts of the Receipts and Distmrfements of all such Monies as shall be by them applied and disposed of in clearing and depthening the said Haven or Channel of inspea the Ac-Braydon, and in repairing and maintaining the said Piers and Jettee; and to summon before them all counts of Re-Persons who shall he by them employed in or intruded with the Receipt or Expenditure of the Monies ceipt and Ex-to be collected and levied for the Purposes aforesaid; which Persons are hereby required to render to the p^'u* of said Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, or to such Person or Persons as they shall direct toMone* inspect and take such Accounts, a true and perfect Account of all Monies so by theni received and disbursed for the Purposes aforesaid: And in case they, or any of them, shall be found in Arrear, or rc- and enforcc the fuse to acount as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, or Deputy Payment of ail Mayor, of the said Borough for the Time being respectively, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to Money in Ar-levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing to account as aforesaid, or to pay the Money due upon the Balance of his or their Account, such Sum and Sums of Money as he or they shall be so charged with, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Person or Persons upon whom such Distress shall be made; and for want of sufficient Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, or Deputy Mayor, respectively, by like Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the said Borough of Great Yarmouth, until he or they shall account for and pay, or secure to be paid, such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall be so respectively charged with.

XXV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, Mayor, arc. n*t to impower the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the said Borough of Great Yar- to em e any mouthy to remove or displace any Officer, Overfter, Workman, Labourer, or other Person, who shall be employed by the said Commissioners, or by any other Persons with whom they shall contract for the raised. Performance of any Works by them directed to be done in pursuance of this Act, during such Time only as <hc said Duty of Twopence shall be raised.

XXVI. And, in order the better to cotleft the said Duties/ be it further enacted by the Authority Colleton may afoicfai,*, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector and Collectors, Receiver and Receivers, for the Time being, at all seasonable and convenient Times, to enter into any Ship or Vtf- COlCtt uuc>i 3 (cl

342 C. 14. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

fcl within the said Haven or Road, in order to fee and discover what Coods are in such Ship or Vessel before the unlading thereof; and* in case the said Duties, so directed to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be by the Master, or other Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Vessel upon the unlading thereof within the said Haven or Road as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Collector or Receiver, by Warrant from the Mayor, or Deputy Mayor, of the said Borough of Great Yarmouth for the Time being, under his Hand and Seal, to take and distrain every such Ship or Vessel, and all Tackle, Apparel, and, in e.ife of and Furniture, thereunto belonging, or any Part thereof; and in case of Neglect or Delay of or in the Nrgied ©tTay- Payment of the said Duties for the Space of Ten Days after any Distress shall be made as aforesaid, ment, for 10 that then it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Collector or Receiver to fell the said Distress p.*ys_they niAy or DittrelVes so taken, and therewith to satisfy himself, as well for the Duty so neglected or delayed to t^ef! and Sale/" be paid, 43-also for his reasonable Charge in taking, keeping, and felling, such Distress or Distresses, s ‘ rendering to the Master, or other Person having the Rule or Command of the Ship or Vessel so distrain* ed as aforesaid, the Overplus, (if any there be} when demanded, officers of Cuf-

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Customer, Collector, Comptroller, Surveyor, Searcher, uTSh^s1°to Wa*ter> or other Officer whatsoever of the Customs, in the Port of Great Yarmouth aforesaid, shall per-

cicar unt*l the m*t any Ship or Vessel to clear at the Custom-house, or to go out of the said Port, until the Master,

Duties vc paid, or other Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall produce a Certificate from the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, of the Duties by this Act imposed, that the said Duties are paid, or secured to be paid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which Certificate such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, is and are hereby required to give, without Fee or Reward, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neelecl or Refusal so to do, the Sum of Ten Pounds to the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Borough of Great Yarmouth aforesaid; and that every Customer, Collector, Comptroller, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the said Customs, making Default in the Premises enjoined them by this Act, shall forfeit the like Sum of Ten Pounds to the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Great Yarmouth aforesaid, both which Sums shall be recovered by the said Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or' Information, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, or Protection, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; which Sums so to be forfeited shall, when recovered, be applied for and towards clearing and depthening the said Haven.

XXVIII. Provided always, That all such Fish Oil or Fish Livers as shall be obtained in and upon any Fishing Voyage of Voyages, and such Remainder of Salt, Bread, Beer, and other Provisions, as shall be taken into any Ship or Vessel, for accomplishing any Fishing Voyage or Voyages, or into any Ship or Vessel, for the Maintenance of the Master or Commander thereof, or Mariners serving the rein, upon any Voyage or Voyages to be made with such Ship or Vessel, and not spent therein, shall be exempted from the Payment of the said Duties; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIX. And whereas great Quantities of Coals, and other Goods, would often times be imported into ui»G°°dsi«- c t^e jjaven> anc] be re-exported, to the great Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Town of paldenExpot-" Great Yarmouth, and Trade in general, if the Duties paid upon the Importation of such Coals, and Utioa? " other Goods, were repaid upon the Exportation thereof; for the Encouragement therefore, and In- crease of such Trade,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, on the Exportation of all Coals, and other Goods, for which the Duties charged on the Importation thereof shall have been paid by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, any Collector or Receiver of the Duties, payable by virtue of this Act, (Due Proof in Writing, upon Oath, before such Collector or Receiver being first made of the Payment of the said Duties, which Oath the said Collector or Receiver is hereby impowered and required to administer) shall out of such Monies as shall then remain in his Hands, or out of the first Monies which he shall receive on account of the Duties payable, by virtue of this Act, repay unto the Person or Persons so exporting such Coals, or other Goods, all such Duties as shall have been paid on the Importation of the same; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Engineer to fur-

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace in and for the Wvefwcn- *be City and County of the City of Norwich are hereby impowered and required, at any of the Quarter-f nor Vare be- sessions to be held in and for the said City and County of the City of Nonuich^ to appoint a fkiitul En-tuccn the New gineer, with such Reward as they shall order and direct, from Time to Time, and as often as the Mills and Hardly said Justices shall think proper, to survey and examine that Part of the said River U^eufon^ commonly ..Crois; called Yare^ winch lieth between the New Alii Is in Norwich and Hardly Cross aforesaid, and all Incroachments. Impediments, Obstructions, Annoyances, and Nuisances, that shall be made upon or in the same; and that such Engineer shall, upon every such Survey so to be made by him, have full Power and Authority to summon and cause all and every or any of the Constables of the several Pa-nihe?. Wards, Hamlets, Precincts abutting on the said River, within the Limits aforesaid, to attend him in such Survey, and give him such Information as he shall require as to such Incroachments, Impediments, Obstructions, Annoyances, and Nuisances, and the Names of the several Persons guilty of the same, and of the Owners and Inhabitants of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and who it to re ort Hereditaments, bordering upon and adjoining to the said River, within the Limits aforesaid; and that the Sute°o7the Surveyor shall, at the Quarter-fcfhons to be held for the said City and County of the said City of

River to the Juf- Norwich) next and immediately after every such Survey to be made and taken by him, make his Romes. in Writing. signed by turn with his own, Hand, to the said Justices then and there.assembled, as

Provisiont tx-. ewipt from the Duties.

‘"Duties on cer-

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 14. 343

to the State of the said River* within the Limits aforesaid, and all Incroachments, Impediments, Obstructions, Annoyances, and Nuisances, upon and in the said River within the Limits aforesaid, and his Opinion as to the Means and Manner of remedying and removing the same, and the Names of the several Persons guilty of making, and bound to repair, amend, remove, and make Satisfaction for such Incroachments, Impediments, Obstructions, Annoyances, and Nuisances, and that a Copy of CoP7 Re-so much of such Report as shall relate to every Offender, In aTI and every or any of the Respects aforesaid, or that shall be guilty of any such Incroachment, Impediment, Obstruction, Annoyance,^ relate* to or Nuisance, shall be given to every such Offender, or left for him or her at the Dwelling-house of* hi* Offe«e, «nd any Occupier of the Messuages, Lands, or Grounds, where the same shall lje committed, or made ;th* and the said Justices shall and may, and are hereby impowered and directed, to give Notice to all and ord" l^ratioa every or any of the Parties who, in stich Report, shall be mentioned to have made or done, or to have 10 been guilty of any such Incroachment, Impediment, Obstruction, Annoyance, or Nuisance, to remove, or to repair, amend, and make good, the same, or to shew cause to the Contrary by a Time limited by such Justices: And that if the Person or Persons to or for whom such Notice shall vbe given Perfom offender left, shall neglect or refuse to appear before the said Justices of the Peace at such Quarter-sessions; *» adrefafing or if such Justices shall, after hearing what such Party or Parties may alledge in his, her, or their i^h^enti Behalf, be of Opinion that such Incroachments, Impediments, Obstructions, Annoyances, or Nui- ^ pro- fances, or any of them. Might to be removed or amended, repaired, or made good; then, and in such ceeded»gt nft by Case, the said Justices of the Peace, assembled at the Quarter-sessions for the City, and County of the the Justice* a* City of Norwich^ shall and may, and are hereby required, to order the same to be removed or amended, the Law direct, repaired or made good, by a Time to be limited by such Justices; and that if such last mentioned Order shall not be complied with within the Time so to be limited by all or any of the Parties against whom such Order shall be so made; then, and in such Case, the Commissioners of Sewers for the Time being, acting for or in respect of the said last mentioned River, shall and may, and they are hereby declared to be at Liberty to proceed, as by Law they are impowered, only against such of the Parties guilty of any such Incroachment, Impediment, Obstruction, Nuisance, or Annoyance, as shall refuse to comply with the said last mentioned Order of the said Justices of the Peace.

XXXI. Provided always, That if any of the Persons by such Report charged with having been guilty Pwiio*-of any such Incroachment, Impediment, Obstruction, Nuisance, or Annoyance, shall, by the said Tu-

fticcs assembled at the Quarter Sessions, be adjudged not to be guilty thereof, or shall comply in all Re-fpcCts to the Satisfaction of such Justices with the Order of the said Justices for the removing or repairing, amending or making good the same; then, and in either of the said last mentioned cases, the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any Person in their Behalf, or under or by virtue of their Order or Authority, shall not, in any Way or Manner whatsoever, proceed against such Person or Persons j any*.

Law, Statute Usage or Custom, to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Engineer, so to be appointed, Engineer to give-shall, at all Times, by Advertisements to be inserted in the Norwich News Paper or Papers, give a Notlceiln-Fortnight’s previous Notice of his Intention to make such Survey, and that the Reward of such Surveyor *3*'*® make shall be payable out of the said Allotment of One Penny Halfpenny, hereby directed to be paid according to the Appointment of the said Corporation of the City of Norwich; and that it shall be lawful for the said Justices, assembled at the Quarter-sessions to be held for the said City and County of the City of Norwich, to remove such Engineer, or any other Engineer to be hereafter appointed; and to nominate and appoint any other Person to be an Engineer for the Purposes aforesaid, in the Place and Stead of the Person so to be removed, who shall be paid in Manner herein-before mentioned.

XXXIII. And, for the better Preservation of the said Haven, be it further enacted by the Authority Penalty on aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and «p^ngR«V seventy-two, no Person or Persons whomsoever, shall throw or empty any Balaft, Earth, Dust, Rub- t^cH^aT* bifti, or Scones, into the said Haven, or do any Act, Matter, or Thing, to prejudice or annoy the

fume; and if any Act, Matter, or Thing, shall be done to the Prejudice or Annoyance of the said Haven, the same shall be deemed to be a publick Nuisance, and shall be examined, heard, tried, and determined, as common Nuisances are to be examined, heard, tried, and determined by or according to the Laws of this Realm; and all Offenders therein, being thereof lawfully convictea upon Information or Indictment in His Majesty's Court of Kings Bench at Westminster, or by Indictment at the Affixes or General Gaol Delivery, or the General or Quarter-sessions of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, or by Indictment at the General or Quarter-sessions of the Peace for the said Borough of Great Yarmouth, shall be liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Punishments, as Persons convicted of common and publick Nuisances are by the Statutes of this Realm subject and liable to.

XXXIV. And whereas by reason of the Commodiousness and Safety of the said Haven for Ships in in order to r.-*.

the Winter Season, several Hundred Ships and Vessels are yearly laid up and do Winter therein, which vent AccitkiiU

Ships lie contiguous to one another, and so near to the Houses of the said Town of Great Yarmouth, Flfe j

that if aFire should happen, not only such Ships and Vessels, but also the said Town would be in great Hav^Watch-

Danger of being destroyed; therefore, for preventing any such Mischief,’ be it enacted by the Autho- men) ic. u> be rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, or Deputy Mayor, of the said tppoiutci. Borough of Great Yarmouth for the Time being respectively, yearly and every Year, to appoint so many Watchers or Clappermcn as shall be necessary to keep Watch on the Quays of the said Town, nightly

and every Night, from the First day of November to the First Day of March yearly and every Year, in witchmen and such Manner as hath hitherto been uftd, or as the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor shall think proper; Chppnmcn by and in order to defray the Expence of the said Watchmen and Clappermcn, there shall be paid by every "hem

Maftef)

'by

34+ 0.14.*

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 177

No Fire nor lighted Candle Dull be allowed on board Ships between

Nov, March 2

1. and

M after, Arc. mooring Ships

Master* or other Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Vessel which (bail lie in the Haven of the said Town, from the South End of the Ballajl Quay upwards, for the Space of One Month between the First Day of November and the First Day of March in any Year, such Sum of Money, not exceeding One Halfpenny per Ton of the full Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, as the Mayor or Deputy Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being shall from Time to Time order and appoint.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Mailer, or other Perfort or Persons having the Rule and Command of any Ship or Vessel wintering in the said Haven as aforesaid, or lying in the said Haven at any Time between the First Day of November and the First Day of March in any Year, shall make, use, permit, or suffer, any Fire or lighted Candle to be in such Ship or Vessel lying from the South End of the said Ballast Quay upwards in the said Haven, on any Pretence whatsoever, (such Ships which shall have Officers of the Customs or Excise lawfully boarded on them by the Direction of the Chief Officer of the Customs or Excise belonging to the Port or Town of Great Yarmouth only excepted) such Mailer, or other Person or Persons Inafl, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain; One Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Person or Persons who fhalfgive Information thereof upon Oath, before the Mayor or Deputy Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being respectively, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Chamberlains of the said Borough, for the Use of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said Borough of Great Yarmouth; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Persons appointed to keep Watch as aforesaid, at any Time or Times to go on board any Ship or Vessel lying or wintering in the said Haven as aforesaid, to view, remove, or extinguish any lighted Candles or Fire which shall be on board such Ship or Vessel.

XXXVI. And whereas the lying or mooring Ships in the said Haven, with their Sides towards the said ~ ' "

to forfeit not exceeding 5!*

foaitopreiu'dice QyaY» has ^)CCn found prejudicial to the said Haven, by obstructing the free Current and Force of the Hmn, the Water; and Ships are often moored or placed in the said Haven in such a Situation as to impede

P and obstruS the Engineers and Workmen employed in depthening the said Haven; for Remedy where- of/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of Marcht One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, no Ship or Vessel shall lie or be moored in the said Haven, with her Side towards the Quay, longer than One Tide^unless upon some unavoidable Occasion; nor shall any Ship or Vessel lie or be moored in the said Haven in such a Situation as to impede or obstruS the Work of depthening the said Haven by the Engineers and Workmen employed therein; and the Mayor, or Deputy Mayor of the said Borough, or any Two of the said Commissioners for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, take such Order therein as to him or them shall appear just and reasonable; and in case any Mailer, or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall neglect or refuse to obey the Order of the said Mayor, or Deputy Mayor, or any Two of the said Commimon-ers, for altering the Situation of any such Ships of Vessels, the said Matters, or other Persons as aforesaid, shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor tess than Forty Shillings, to be applied towards the Maintenance and Repair of the said Haven; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor or Deputy Mayor of the said Borough, or any Two of the said Commissioners for the Time being, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to levy the said Forfeiture by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Matter or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, or by Distress and Sale of the Anchors and Cables, or other Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereof.

The 4

XXXVII. And whereas it is the Duty of the Pier Master for the Time being of the said Town of

wTac^fomed Great Yarmouth, to attend at all proper Times on the Pier Heads to regulate and dircS the Uses of the j£Z Crabs and Capfterns there for the Assistance add Convenience of Ships coming into the find Haven, and

Daty. also to regulate and direS thfe Mooring of the said Ships at the Haven’s Mouth, which has at all Times

been found very useful and necessary, and the Passage of Ships over the Bar into the said Haven Is there-, by rendered more secure and convenient, for which the said Pier Matter hath received as a Fee or Re-

ward the Sum of One Shilling of the Master, or other Person having the Rule or Command of every Ship or Vessel coming into the said Haven, and it is reasonable that the same should continue to be paid The same Fee to the said Pier Master for his Trouble and Attendance as aforesaid / be it therefore enacted by the Au-as roijnerly to bt thority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hun-M/fte? and how dred.an<l seventy-two, every Master, or other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Vessel ube recovered/ comine into the said Haven, shall pay into the Hands of the Person or Persons who shall be appointed Collector ot Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Duties to be collected by virtue of this Act, the said Fee or Sum of One Shilling, for the Use of the said Pier Master, for and in Confutation of his Trouble and Attendance as aforesaid; and in case any Master, or other Person having the Rule or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall neglect or refuse to pay the said Fee or Sum of One Shilling to such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, as aforesaid, the same shall and may be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor or Deputy Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, in such Manner as is hereinbefore directed and appointed for levying and recovering the several Duties, Sum and Sums of Money, herein-before ordered and appointed to be paid by the Authority of this Act; and it shall not be lawful for any Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, of the Duties by this Act imposed, to give any Certificate or Certificates that the Duties are paid, or secured to be paid, until the said Fee or Sum of One Shilling shall be received by him or them for the use of the said Pjcr Matter; any Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 14. 345

XXXVIII. Provided always, That in case the said Pier Matter shall refuse or neglect to attend at all proper Times, and to do and perform the Duty of Pier Matter as he ought to do, and shall tt*

convicted thereof before the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor of the said Borough of Great Yarmouth for the Time being, or any Two of the said Commissioners, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Mayor or Deputy Mayor, or two Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer) every such Pier Matter shall, for every such Refusal, Neglect, or Non-performance of his Duty as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less to forfeit not than Ten Shillings, for every such Offence, to be applied towards the Maintenance and Repair of "seeding 401. the said Haven, after deduding the Charges of recovering thereof; and in case of Refusal to pay the said Penalty, theofamc may be levied* by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Pier Matter, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor, or under the Hands and Seals of such Two Commissioners.

XXXIX. And whereas the laying Ballast, Earth, Sand, Rubbish, or Stones, upon the Quays Injuring the

near the said Haven, and fuftcring the same to continue there, hath been found very injurious to the said Haven, and to contribute much to the filling up the same, as great Part of such Ballast, Earth* ’ c"

Sand, Rubbish, and Stones, often unavoidably fall into the said Haven, or is driven therein by Winds, howto bepre- so that it is very difficult to preserve a sufficient Depth of Water for Ships to come up to the Quays: vented.

For Remedy whereof.* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, if any Person or Persons shall Jay any Ballast, Earth, Sand, Rubbish, or Stones, on the said Quays, within Ten Feet of the Quay Head, for the Purpose of ballasting Ships, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, (except for making or repairing Quays, and during such Time only as such Quays are making or repairing), and shall suffer the same to continue there for the Space of Seven Days,'and shall be thereof convicted before the*

Mayor or Deputy Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, to be applied towards the Repair and Maintenance of the said Haven.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Matter or bther Person or Persons Money directed having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Vessel lying in the said Haven, shall neglect or refuse to so* pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be ordered and appointed to be paid for keeping Watchmen a*.and iti and Chppermen as aforesaid, or any Forfeitures or Penalties which shall be incurred by reason of any Pea^t»e« how Offence or Offences against this Act, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein be-be recovetci* fore particularly directed), it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, or Deputy Mayor, of the said Borough respectively, from Time to Time, by Warrant under his Hand an Seal, to levy such Sum or Sums of Money, and also all such Forfeitures and Penalties to be incurred, as aforesaid by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refufiflg to^ay such Sum or Sums of Money, or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures which shall be incurred as aforesaid, together with the reasonable Charges of levying the same

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take C«jnme*eeme*t Place from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of Marcby One thousand seven hundred and seventy-*f two, and shall continue in Force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained. Not to prejudict fc?ll not suspend or extinguifti the Payment of such Port Duties and Tolls, as the Mayor, Aldermen, the T«1U, *c. Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said Borough o(Great Yarmouth are intitled to have and receive by PJ>a^el®theb immemorial Custom or Usage, which for Twenty Years last part have been paid and received, and y

which they are intituled to recover by Action at Law, without shewing or alledging any Benefit which they are bound to perform to the Publick, or any Cause or Consideration whatsoever, whereon to found their prese! iptive Right thereto; but all such Port Duties and Tolls as aforesaid shall and maybe recovered and received by the said Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in such Manner as the same have heretofore been recovered and received, or might have been recovered and received, in case this Act, or any former Act relating to the said Haven and Piers, had not been made.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action I 'mltatio* tf or Suit shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be done, Aa,oas» in pursuance of this Act, or anywise in relation to the Premises, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County of Norfolk y and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in tvciy such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, Not guilty, and give this Act, and the SpecialC,ner* Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and By the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear tq have been so done; or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County than ns before directed, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintitt’s shall be nonsuited, 01 suffer a Discontinuar.cc of hi>, her, or their Action or Actions; or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, ard hive the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants Treble Col*.-hath or have for Cotts ot Suit in any othci Case by Law.

34-6 C. 15. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

[Publick Act.]

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be Judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XV.

An Act for Lighting, Cleansing, and Watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, of the Burgh of Canongate, and the Liberties of Pleasance and Leith-wynd, adjoining to the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh. # 0

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Burgh of Canongate is the great Outlet from the City of Edinburgh, but has not the Benefit of being lighted and cleansed along with the said City, or the Security and Protection arising from the City Guard: And whereas the Streets called Pleasance and Leith-wynd are also Parts and Dependencies of the said Burgh of Canongate, but are not lighted, cleansed, and watched,

along with the Suburbs of the City of Edinburgh: And whereas it would not only be a great Advantage and Safety to the Inhabitants of the said Burgh of Canongate, and its said Dependencies, but likewise to the Inhabitants of the said City of Edinburgh, and of all Persons resorting to and from the said City of Edinburgh, by and through the Canongate, and its said Dependencies, that the Lanes, Ways, Passages, Stieets, Vessels, and Avenues thereof, were properly lighted, cleansed, and watched,

and a Fund established for that Purpose: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the present Magistrates and Treasurer of the Burgh of Canongate, with the

c^ongatr, to Pre^es of the Stent-masters thereof, and their Successors in Office, shall, in all Time coming, within 4ire& the light- the aforesaid Bounds or Limits of the Burgh of Canongate, have Power, and they are hereby authorised in*, ckanfing, and impowered to direct, order, and appoint, in Manner hereafter specified, in all Matters and Things *mi watching the re spe ding the lighting, cleansing and watching.of the said Burgh of Canongate, and its said Depen-/ StiMtf, &c, dcncies, and of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, Avenues, and Vessels, within or leading to the same; and to nominate and appoint Clerks, Servants, Scavengers, Watchmen, and other Officers necessary for the Execution of this present Act, and at Pleasure to remove and displace them, or any of them: and to limit and appoint the Salaries, Wages, and other Allowances to be given to such Officers and Servants, and to the Collector hereafter appointed; and to direct and appoint the Number of Lamps to be set yp, and the Places to which they shall be affixed; and to appoint proper Persons for Hatching and cleansing the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and others; and to make all such other Orders, Rules, and Regulations, from Time to Time, as shall appear necessary in the Premifis; and to alter and vary the same as they may fee cause: And the said Magistrates, Treasurer, and Prefes, shall meet at all Times, in relation to the Execution of this Act, in the Court House of the Canongate, upon Twenty-four Hours previous Notice in Writing to be given by One of the Officers of Canongate, by order of any of the Magistrates, Treasurer, or the said Prefes of the Stent-masters thereof; and in all such Meetings Three shall be a Quorum; and the eldest Magistrate present shall preficle in the respective Meetings, and ail Questions shall be determined by the Majority of Persons present at the Time, and the Prdes, in case of an Equality, shall have the catling Vote.

"Proceedings to

II. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Meetings, shall w entered in regularly entered, from Time to Time, in Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Prefes and Clerk of the said Meetings; and such Entries shall be held and taken to be the original Orders and Proceedings of the said Meetings; and such Books shall and may be produced and taken as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

Contracts may

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to the said Magistrates, Treasurer, and Prefes of the be made for Stent-masters of Canongate, and they are hereby impowered to contract with any Person or Persons, lighting and for lighting and cleansing the Streets, Ways, railages, and others, of the said Burgh of Canongate

c;canfing. and jts j2Dependencies; and that such Contract or Contracts shall be signed by the Prefes and Clerk,

in Name of the Meeting, at which the said Agreement or Contraft shall be made and entered into. Contracts not to ]V. And be it further enacted, That no Contraft shall be entered into by the said Magistrates and toi Notice tiYcn. ^re^es of l^e Stent-masters for lighting the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and others, of the said

01CC| ' Burgh of Canongate, Pleasance, and L'ith-wynd, till after Four Weeks previous Notice has been given

in each of Two of the Edinburgh News-rapers, to Persons to give in signed Proposals for lighting the said Lamps; and the said Magistrates and Prefes of the Stent-masters, shall accept of, and contract with the Persons whose Proposals shall appear to be most reasonable and beneficial.

Magistrates, &c.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to any of the said Magistrates, Treasurer, to hate no Con- Prefes, or any of the said Stent-masters, to have any Concern, directly or indirectly,- in undertaking tern in Cen- to light the said Lamps; declaring, That if any such Concern shall be made appear, the Person so contra* for light- cernC(j foa]| )Qfe antj forfeit any Right or Claim to Payment; or if Payment is made, shall be sub-,n*‘ jest to reftcre the Sum, to which his Share in the said Contraft or Undertaking shall amount, beside

Full Costs of Suit; and Action for that Purpose shall be competent at the Instance of any One of the said Magistrates, Treasurer, Prefes, or any One of the said Stent-masters, at the Time, or at the Instance of any Two or more Heritors, qualified to be Stent-masters in Terms of this Act.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 15. 347

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Magistrates, Treasurer, and Prefcs of the Stent- Contract* tnafters, are hereby authorised and impov/ered to order such Sum or Sums as they shall contra^ t

for, to be paid out of the Monies to be raised for the Purposes of this Act, in Manner hen artei i»ur?0fe of*tin# directed. Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Th^»no Nomination, Contract, Bond, or other wri ing< e*-Writing whatfexver, under the Hand of tr.e fai l Prefes and Clerk, concerning, or in Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever. Sump Dune*.

VIII. And, in order to raise a I un 1 for defraying the Charges of lighting the Sheets, Lanes, A(f<(Tment*tok? Passages, and others, of the said Burgh of Cancngate \ Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ^/succu," That the Stent-masters of the Canongate shall be, and they are hereby impowered and required, at the Time of imposing and proportioning the Land-tax or Ccfs of the said Burgh of Canongate^ for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and annually thereafter, to affess and lay upon all Heritors, Life-renters, and other Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Burgh of Canon^ate, and its said Dependencies, subject to the Payment of Land-tax or Cess, an annual Assessment not exceeding Two and an Half per Centum in the Pound of the real Rents, as the same now arc, or shall at any Time hereafter (land rated in the Cess Books of the said Burgh of Canongate, or so much of the said Sums as the said Magistrates, Treasurer, and Prefes of the Stent-matters aforesaid shall judge necessary for the said Service at the Time; which annual Assessment shall be payable in the same iYoportions, and at the same Times, with the Cess for each Year respectively, and shall be levied and collected by the Clerk of Canongate, Collector of the Cess for the said Burgh of Canon ^site; for collecting of which Assessment, such Allowance shall be made as the said Magistrates, Treasurer, and Prefes of the Stent-masters, shall judge proper; and the like Action 2nd Execution shall be, and is hereby directed and appointed to be competent for recovering and levying such Assessment as is authorised by the Law and Practice of Scotland* and used there for levying and in-bringing of the Cess or Land-tax j and the said Collectors of the Cess for the said Burgh of Canongate, for the Time being, are hereby impowered and required so to levy, collect, and afterwards pay over the said Assessment to the said Magistrates, Treasurer, and Prefes of the Stent-masters, or to such Person or Persons as they, or a Majority of them, shall appoint.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That in Time coming, no Person shall be appointed a Stent- *cation tnafter within the said Burgh of Canongate, who is not a refidiivg Heritor for the Time, possessed of Lands

and Tenements to the Value of Fifteen Pounds Sterling of yearly Rent. c,r

X. And be it enacted, That the said Lamps within the Canongate, Phafance and Leith-wynd* shall be Lamps within

lighted With, and continue burning as long as the Lamps within the City of Edinburgh, or longer, if ,hc canonpate judged necessary to continue

burning as long at the Lamps within the City of Edinburgh.

XI. And, for raising and establishing a Fund for defraying the Expence of watching and cleansing Three Fourth the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Paflae.es, Vessels, and Avenues of the said Burgh of Canongate, Plea- Pir, of theM(>-‘Janet, and Leitlo-avynd? be it enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March next, the said Ihe'sett*"? the Magistrates shall annually, in all Time coming, apply Three-fourth Parts of the Monies or Tack-Dung, &c. tot* duties arising, or that shall arise, from the Sett of the Dung or Fulzie of or upon the said Streets, Ave- applied toward* nues. Ways, Passages, Closes, Vessels, and others, of the said Burgh of Canongate, Phafance, and cleansing and Leith-wyni, towards defraying the Expence of cleansing and watching the said Streets Avenues, Passages, and others.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall only in Time coming be lawful to the Lid Magistrates Dung, fcc.tobe to sett or lease the said Dung or Fulzie by publick Roup, upon previous Notice of Four Weeks in each lel bx publuk of Two of the Edinburgh Newspapers, and for no longer Space than Five Years at each Sett or Roup*. Lease.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March next, the said Magistrates shall be impowered, and they are hereby impowered and required annually to levy the ^ILb'c b\°Act whole Monies leviable from the Inhabitants within the said Burgh of Concngate, in virtue of an Act of of parliament of the Parliament of Scotland in the Year One thousand six hundred and sixty-thrcc, by the Name of An- Scotland in nuity, or so much thereof as they shall judge necessary to answer the Purpose of the said Act, in the first *663» for Place; and in the next Place, for defraying the Deficiency of the Expence of watching and cleansing Purpose*°t ibo the Streets, Lanes, Paflaecs, and others, of the said Burgh of Canon(ratt, Phafance, and Leith-wynd, after Application of the aforesaid Three-fourth Parts of the Monies or '1'ack-duties arising, or that shall arise from the Sett of the Dung or Fulzie of the Streets, Ways, and others, of the said Buigh of Canon-gate, Phafance, and Leith wynd.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the aforesaid Assessment of Deficiency of tbt Two and an Half per Centum upon th? real Rent of the Houses and Tenements di.ected to be levied Fund for l»ght-by the Authority of this Act, for Lighting the Streets of the said Burgh of Canongate, Phafance,^jwu, kt and Leith-ivyad, shall prove insufficient for defraying that Expence; and t..at the Thiec-fourth Parts upp

of the Monies and Tack-duties arising, or that may arise from the Dung and Fulzie of the Streets; and that the whole Fund of Annuity aforesaid, authorised to be levied by the Act of the Parliament of Scotland in the Year One thousand six hundred and sixty-three, shall be more than sufficient for answering the Purposes of that Act, and for defraying the Expence of watching and cleansing the Streets*

Lanes, Passages, and others, of the said Burgh of Canongate, Phafance, and Leith-uynd, it shall and may be lawful to the said Magilha*;s of Canongate to apply the Surplus arising from the said Tack-

348 C. 16.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

duties and Annuity, towards the making up the Deficiency of the Fund for 11 said Burgh of Canongate, Pleasance, and Leith-wynd, or so much thereof as mall up such Deficiency.

Tcficieney of the

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the aforesaid Taek-duties and the Streets of the be wanted to make

Fund for watch- Annuity, authorised to be levied in virtue

ing and clean!-

in*

tow'iobc Efficient for answering the Purposes of the aforesaid Act of Parliament of Scotland, shall not be that Act, and for defraying the Expence of watching and

supphtd*

cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and others, of the said Burgh of Canongate, Pleasance, and Leith-wynd5 and that the aforesaid Assessment of Two and an Half per Centum, upon the Houses and Tenements, shall be more than sufficient for answering the Purposes for which it is impost cu it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates, Treasurer, and Prefes of the Stent-masters of Canongate, to apply the Surplus of the said Fund towards the making up the Deficiency of the Expence necessary for watching and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and others, of the said Burgh of Canongate, Pleasance, and Leith-wynd, or so much thereof as shall be thought necessary.

Expences of the

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Sums to be raised and levied, in virtue of this Act, shall be Act to be paid in applied by the said Magistrates, Treasurer, and Prefes of the Stent-masters of Canongate, in the First Place, to defray the Charges of passing this Act; and afterwards, wholiy and foJely to the Uses and Purposes herein-before mentioned, and to no other Use or purpose whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Magistrates, Treasurer, and Prefes of the Stent-masters of Canongate, shall keep distinct and separate Accounts of all Monies raised, levied, and paid, by virtue of this Act, from and upon account of the aforesaid Assessment, Tack-duties, and Annuity respectively; which Accounts shall be entered in a Book,* and signed by the Prefes and Clerk of the said respective Meetings; and the said Clerk shall permit any Person assessed to inspect the same at reasonable Times, paying Sixpence for each Inspection; and shall, upon Demand, give Copies of the -fame, or any Part thereof, to such Person, on his paying at the Rate of Sixpence for every Page containing Two hundred Words.

XVIII. Saving and reserving to the City of Edinburgh all Jurisdictions, Commodities, Rights and Privileges, competent and belonging thereto, within or over the said Burgh of Canongate and its said Dependencies aforesaid, in the same Manner as the City and Community now have and enjoy, or mhht enjoy the same.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act; and all Judges, and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

the fir& Place.

Accounts to be kept.

Saving the Slights of the City of Edinburgh.

Public k Act.

freamble.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Port Glasgow, for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting new Breads, Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into and going out of the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the Harbour of Port Glasgow, in the County of Renfrew, has of late Years, by W the Flux and Reflux of the Tide, and various other causes, been greatly choaked, and filled up with Mud and Dirt, which hinders Vessels of Burthen from getting into the Piers and Quays, and exposes the Shipping lying in the said Harbour to many Dangers and Inconveniencies: An3 whereas the Trade of the City of Glasgow, and Port of Port Glasgow, hath of late Years greatly increased,

and the Ships and Vessels now belonging to, and trading to and from the said Port, are more nume- rous, and of larger Dimensions than heretofore: And whereas the Quays and Piers already made and constructed, by and at the Expence of the Magistrates and City Council of Glasgow, within the said Port and Harbour, are not sufficient for the Reception and convenient Lying of the Ships and Veflds resorting thereto, and for the requisite and convenient Dispatch in lading and unlading the same,

which render the deepening, cleansing, and scouring of the said Harbour, and the buildyig and erec- ting new and additional Piers and Quays, highly necessary, and the same will be of great publick Utility, as well as of Advantage to the Trade of the said City and Port: And as the deepening, ciean- sing, and scouring, of the said Harbour, and the building and erecting the said new and additional Piers and Quays, and other proper and necessary Works, will be attended with considerable Expence,

which the ordinary Revenue of the said City cannot defray; and as the same cannot be effected with- out the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Magistrates and City Council of Glasgow, and their Successors in Office, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, as thpy shall fee Occasion, to deepen, clean, scour, and preserve the said Harbour of Port Glasgow, and the Improvements and Additions which shall be made thereto by virtue of this present Act, from Dirt and Mud, and other Obstructions whatsoever; and also to build and erect, or cause to be built and erected therein, (except as herein after is excepted) P ers and Quays of proper Dimensions, particularly a Mid Quay or Pier in the present Harbour, and another Quay or Pier at and from a Point of Land called The Black Uoufe Nook, near the old Castle of

Newarky

u.

349

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 16.

Newark, and to carry out the same from the said Point into the Sea; and likewise such and so many other Quays, Piers, Jettces, and Breads, in the open Harbour or old Bay of Newark* and other nc-ccftary Works within the said Harbour and Bay, for the Reception of Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Port and Harbour, and for the more convenient lading and unlading of such Ships and Vessels of such Dimentsions, and to be executed in such Manner as the Commissioners herein after named, or any Ten or more of them, at a General Meeting ahem bled, in Manner as herein after directed, shall ’jud^e to be neceslaryand expedient.

II. Provided always, That no Quay, Pier, Tcttee, Bread, or any other Work hereby authorised to No Pier, Are. be built and crc&ed, shall be built and erected to the Eastward of the said Point of Land called 7betQ Black House Nook, without the Consent in Writing of Robert Hamilton of IVishaw, Esquire, his Heirs Houic°Nook or Assigns, under his or their Hands and Seals first had and obtained for that Purpose; any Thing herein before contained to the Contrary in nnywise notwithstanding.

II(. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in Wharfs, Sec, this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable, authorise, or impower, said Magistrates and City Council of Glasgow,' or their Successors or Aligns, to make build, or cred longing Mr. any Wha.fs, Quays, Piers, Jettccs, Breads, or other Works or Buildings, in or upon the Lands or Hamilton* Grounds of or belonging to the said Robert Hamilton, his Heirs or Assigns, without the special Licence and Consent of the said Robert Hamilton, his Heirs and Assigns, in Writing under his or their HuaJs and Seals respectively, first bad and obtained for that Purpose; nor to authorise or impower the Taid Magistrates and City Council of Glasgow, or their Successors or Assigns, to make, ered, or build any Houses, Warehouses, or other Buildings; save and except Piers, Quays, Jcttces, Breads, and Engines, Cranes, or Weigh-beams, for lading and unlading of Ships and other Vessels, in or upon any Part of the Scite, Ground, or foil of the said Harbour of Port Glasgow, or any Part thereof, between the Dry Dock belonging to the said City of Glasgow on the West, and the said Point called Black House Nook on the East; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be Provir* lawful for the said Robert Hamilton, his Heirs or Assigns, without the Licence or Consent in Writing

of the said Magistrates and City Council of the City of Glasgow, to make, build, or ered any buildings or Erections of what Kind or Nature soever, from High Water Mark to Low Ground Ebb, or within the Full Sea Mark, from the said Dry Dock to the said Point called Black House Nock.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Magistrates and City TnAen ap. Council, and their Successors in Office, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting pointed, this Act in Execution, and for the better effecting the Ends and Purposes of the same; and that the Fee and Property of the Quays, Piers, Breasts, and other Works to be made, built, and erected by virtue of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, to and for the End and Purposes aforesaid; and that the said Trustees are, and shall be bound to apply the Rates and Duties after mentioned, in making and repairing, and in keeping and maintaining the same in good Order and Repair, and in preserving the said Harbour clean and free from Mud, Dirt, and other Obstructions whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of

.7une* in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall and may be lawful to and a"er°7*iJ>i, for the said Trustees, and such Person and Persons as they shall appoint, to demand, collect, receive, 177a.

and take (over and above all ether Rates and Duties which at present subsist and are levied from Ships,

Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats, coming into, or going out of, the said Port or Harbour of Port Glasgow) of and from all and every the Masters and Owners of any Ships, Vessels, Barks, and Lighters, hound outward from the said Port or Hat hour of Port Glasgow, on any foreign Voyage, or to any foreign Country or Place, or to any of the British Plantations, One Penny Halfpenny Sterling for each and every Ton which such Ships, Vessels, Barks, and Lighters, shall measure; and also One Penny Halfpenny Sterling for each and every Ton of such Ships, Vessels, Barks, and Lighters coming into the Port and Harbour ;.foresaid, from any foreign Voyage, Country, or Place, or British Plantation; and from the Mafti rs and Owners of all Vessels of Thirty Tons or upwards, trading or coming into and out of the said Port, from or to any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, without proceeding to or coming from any other Place or Country, Three Farthings Sterling for each Ton Burthen such Vefld shall measure, every Time they shall arrive in, or fail from the Port or Harbour aforesaid; and from the Mailers and Owners of all small Vessels above the Burthen of Fifteen Tons, and under the Burthen of Thirty Tons, trading to or from any Port of Great Britain or Ireland* without proceeding to or coming from any other Place or Country, Thrre-pence Sterling for each Ton of Burthen every Year they shall fail to or from the Port and Harb< ur aforesaid; the Commencement of which Year to be reckoned from the Time of their coming into or going out of the said Harbour after the Twenty-fourth Day of Jfune, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and the Payment of the said Duty for the then current Year, to be paij before clearing out of the Port and Harbour aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, Thar ail Ship* and Wfless, Lighters, and Boats, coming into the Port and

Harbour of Port Glafvrw aforesaid, folcjy and on.y loaded with Fish, fresh or salted, or with Provisions of any Kind; or solely and only lo.uled with Corn, Grain, or Meal, or with Stones, Slates, and Coals, cm llC1' which shall be discharged within the Port and Harbour aforesaid, or that may proceed from thence

with the said Loading to any Part within the River of Clyde; and all Lighters, Boats, and Vessels, loaded with Salt and Calk only, going to or coming from the Herring Fishing; and all Ships or Vef-

ftls

35°

C. 16.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

to be rt a lured by f he Trustees, r forfeit 5 1*

Trustees to ip-

other Officers, and to settle their Salaries,

Or>!le&ors to give Security to the Trustees.

-Mrftets of Vessds to produce 'Receipts of the Payment of the Duties before

fels arriving in the Port and Harbour aforesaid in Ballast, and without any Kind of Goods or Merchandise on Board, shall be free and exempted from the Rates and Duties granted by this Acth Maputo allow

VIII. And be ir also further enacted, That the Mailers and Owners of all Ships, Velfcta, Barks, and thrr sti.r* lighters, trading to and from the said Port and Harbour, and liable to the Payment of the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, shall permit and suffer the said Ships, VeflVls, Barks, and Lighters, to be meafuieJ by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they dial), from Time to Time, appoint for that Purpose, and shall pay the Rates and Duties aforesaid according to such Measurement; and that every Ownjr or Matter aforesaid, who shall refuse to have his or their Ship, Vessel, Bark, or Lighter, measured as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay to the said Trustees the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and point Co lectors, for the said Trustees to nominate and appoint a Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for le-Receiven, and vying the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, and such other Officers and Servants as they shall judge necessary to be employed under them for carrying the same into Execution; and, from Time to Time, to remove such Officers and Servants, or any of them, and to appoint others in their Stead; and to settle such reasonable Fees or Salaries for them, as to the said Trustees shall appear to be just and proper; and that all and every the Collectors and Receivers of the said Rates and Duties shall keep fair and regular Books and Accounts of all Monies received under the Authority of this (which Books and Accounts shall be open and patent to the said Trustees, and to the Commissioners ^fter named, or any Two of them, at all Times when they shall demand Inspection of the same) and shall pay and dispose thereof in such Manner as by the said Trustees shall be directed; and that the Collector and Collectors, Person or Persons, so to be appointed to receive the said Rates and Duties, and all and every of them, shall give good and sufficient Security to the said Trustees for answering and paying the Monies arising from the same, and which shall be by him or them respectively collected or received, and shall make Oath to the Truth of his or their Accounts so often as he or they shall be thereunto required; and that it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees to let in Lease, to the best Bidder or Bidders at publick Roup or Sale, for that Purpose appointed, (and advertised in all the News-

papers Two several Times, Fourteen Days at least before such Roup or Sale) the Rates and Duties aforesaid, for any Term or Space not exceeding Three Years.

‘ X. And, to prevent any Delay or Evaficm in the Payment of the Rates and Duties aforesaid/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First day of Jimry there shall be produced to the Collector, or other Officers of His Majesty's Customs at Port GInflowy by the

__________ Matter or Owners of every-Ship, Vessel, Bark, or Lighter, coming into or failing out of the said Port

Ships Mc dear-# or Harbour of Port Glasgow, or liable in the Rates and Duties in this Act: granted, a Receipt, or other «d. 'sufficient Voucher, of the Payment of the said Rates and Duties; and that, until such Production be

made, and the Collector or other Officers aforesaid shall be satisfied with the same, the said Collector and other Officers shall not take or receive any Entry or Cocket, or other Discharge or Clearance, or take any Report outward of any Ship, Vessel, Bark, or Lighter, Foreign or British, liable or subject to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, under the Penalty of Ten rounds Sterling.

Harbour Otitic*

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the case of RcfufaUo Trustees, and to such Person and Persons as shall be for that Purpose authorised by them, to goon Board any Ship, Bark, Lighter, or Vessel, and to tak£ the Dimensions thereof, and to demand, collect, and receive, from any Owner, Matter, or otherv Person having the Charge of any Ship, Bark, Lighter, or Vessel, the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, and made due and payable; and in case of De-Jay, or Refusal of Payment, to take, seize, and detain, preferable to, and, notwithstanding of, any Attachment, Arrestment, or other Right whatsoever, claimable by*or‘due to any other Person or Persons, any of the Goods, Merchandise, Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, of or belonging to any such Ship, Bark, Lighter, or other Vessel, and the same to take, seize, and detain, until the said Duty and Duties be satisfied and paid; and that, in case of any Neglect or Delay in the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, for the Space of Three Days after such taking, seising, and detaining aforesaid, it shall and may be then lawful to and for the said Trustees, and to and for such Person and Persons authorised by them as aforesaid, to cause the same to be appraised by Two or more sufficient Persons, and afterwards to sell and dispose of the Goods, or other Effects, so taken and appraised, and therewith to satisfy the Duty and Duties so neglected or delayed to be paid, together with the Charges of such feii.ng, taking, detaining, and felling, (as the same shall be ascertained by the Sellers upon Oath) rendering to the Master or Owners of such Ship, Bark, Lighter, or other Vessel, or Owners of such Goods, the Overplus (if any he) on Demand.

Shic-master«,

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Master, Commander, or other &c. evading the person taking upon himself the Command, or appearing to be Matter or Commander, or any Owner, Duties"to^0^ Factor, or Consignee of any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, shall, at any Time from the Commence-f h'cV. and°be nient of this Act, elude or avoid the Payment of any Rates and Duties hereby granted, by any Method whatever, every such Master, Commander, or other Person aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit unto the said Trustees the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, and shall notwithstanding (land charged with and be liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties.

XIII. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at In-on the Credit of terest any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding at any One Time the Sum of Five thousand Pounds t£cj)uuc*. Staling, and to grant, assign, and fee over Uie several Rates, Duties, and Tonnage, given and

*i granted

pay there, by Distrest and .’We.

fli.l liable for the Rates.

Trusters may borrow 5000 I.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 16. 351

granted by this Act, to any Person or Persons whatsoever who shall be willing to advance and lend Money thereon, for securing the Payment of the same, with line rest, respectively; and that the Money so to be borrowed and advanced shall be employed for the Ends and Purposes of this Act, and not otherwise. r

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and Sums of D

Money which shall he levied and received from the Rates and Duties aforesaid, and which shall be covered for Forfeitures incurred under and by virtue of this Act, shall by the said Trustees, after pay- p/nc^o? the" ing the Expence of this Act, he applied for and towards the deepening, clearing, scouring, enlar- act, towirdt ging and improving, maintaining and cleansing, the Harbour of Port GUfgow from all Dirt and Mud, improving th# and other Obstructions whatsoever, and for keeping and preserving the same clean, and for and Harbour> towards the making, erecting, building, and finishing, such Piers, Quays, and Jettees, and other Works,^ in the Manner directed, appointed, and provided, by this Act; and for the executing and performing of all neceslkry Works, and paying the Officers and Servants to be employed in and about or concerning the same, and to no other Ule or Purpose whatsoever.

XV. And whereas the Magistrates and City Council of Glasgow are Superiors of the Village of Port 1 GlnfgoiUy and have the Nomination and Appointment of the Bailie or Civil Magistrate of the said Village, and of the Water Bailie and Shore Master for the Port and Harbour of Port Glasgow: And m"Jed J£y the"

whereas it will tend greatly to the Improvement of the said Harbour, and to the Accommodation of the Magiftutta.

Publick, that the said Magistrates and City Council, and Officers appointed by them, had Power and Authority to remove (after reasonable Notice to the Person or Persons immediately interested) all un- necessary Obstructions within the said Port and Harbour, and upon the Quays and Piers belonging to the same, and to order and regulate, with respect to the Stations and Places of Mooring of the Ships and other Vessels within the said Port and Harbour, and with respect to the Time of Continuance upon the said Quay of Goods and Merchandise, or others whatsoever; and to make such other Bye-laws, Orders, and Regulations, for the better Government and Management of the said Port and Harbour,

as to them the said Magistrates and Council shall seem meet and expedient;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Snip, Bark, Lighter, Boat, or Vessel, which shall be laid shiP*» by, as unfit for further Sea Service, or neglected by the Owner, shall be permitted to be and remain in *for s«vcc any of the Piers or Quays credled within the said Harbour of Port Glasgow^ so as to incumber the same; the7uibou»t but that, in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Water Bglie or Shore Master, the Owners nominated yearly by the said Magistrates and City Council of GlasgoWy and their Successor3 in Office, pence, for the said rort, immediately to cause such Ship, Bark, Lighter, Boat, or Vessel, so unserviceable or neg!e£te<l, to be, ^t the Expence of the Owner or Owners of the same, removed from the said Quays* and Piers, or any of them, and to lay the said Ship or other Vessel on any Part of the Strand or Sea-(horc, within the Highwater Mark, or any other Place of Safety without the said Harbour, and there to moor such Ship or other Veil'd; and that, on or before Demand of Payment is made by such Water Bailie or Shore Master from the Owner or Owners, Master or Agents of fjch Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, of the Charge of removing and mooring such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel as aforesaid, fuel>

Charges and Expences shall be first seen and allowed by the Bailie or Magistrate of Port GlasgoiVy

yearly nominated by the‘Magistrates and Council* of the City for the Time being; and that, in case in case Pay-

of Refusal or Neglect of Payment of such Charges and Expences allowed as aforesaid for the Space of }*

Five Days after Demand shall be made, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to Distrest]"* and for the said Water Bailie or Shore Master, to levy such Expences by Distress and Sale of such Ship,

Bark, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, or any of her Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture, or any Part, thereof, rendering the Overplus, if any such there be, (after deducting the Charge of taking, keeping, and Sale of such Distress) to the Owner or Owners, Master, Factor, or Agent of such Ship, Bark, Lighter*

Boat, or Vessel, whenever the same shall be demanded.

XVI. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to, or in the Coeds not to Power of, any Person or Persons, who shall have landed, and caused to be landed, and laid any Goods remain on tha or Merchandise, Timber, Wood of any Kind, Malls, Yards, Pumps, Boats, Anchors, Cables, Calks, °(rh^cri' Guns, Ballast, Paving Stones, Lime Stones, Slates, Soaper’s Waite, Dung, or Manure, or any other p°0nr^ci£ht. Thing (other than Materials for the necessary Repair of the Piers and Quays, and for immediate Use Hours, in Shipping) upon any of the Piers and Quays, or Landing Places within the said Harbour, or in any of the adjacent Streets and Avenues leading to the said Quays and Piers, or any of them, to continue or permit the same, or any Part thereof, to remain and lie thereon, for any longer Time than Forty-eight Hours; and that, in all Cases where the said Goods or others aforesaid shall have lo continued beyond the said Space of Forty-eight Hours, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Water Bailie or Shore Master for the Time being, to remove, or cause to be removed* all such Goods and other Things as he shall so find lying, continuing, and being on the said Quays and Piers, and other Places, above the said limited Time, to some Place or Places of Safety, and therein to detain and keep the same till Payment of the Charges of such Removal and Detention, and of such Cor fide ration besides to the saki Officers, for their Trouble in and ahout the same, as the said Bailie or Magistrate of Pert Glasgow shall think reasonable: And if such Charges and Expences ill all not be paid within the Space nf Five Days asur Demand mad; thereof by the said Water Bailie or Shore Matter; then, and in cv< ry such Case, he and they, respectively, are hereby autho ilcil and required to Evy the fan.e by.

Diiticfs and Sale of the said Goods and Chattel?, so reflectively secured and render the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners thereof, the Charges of taking, keeping, and making Sale of such Diltrefe being deducted and allowed* and on the same being demanded* r

352 C. 16. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Trustee* may

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or their Bailie hirC ^aichousei an^ Magistrate at Port Glasgow aforesaid, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impower-G«.ods ecU out an^ l^e ^ales an^ Duties aforesaid, to rent or hire, by the Year or otherwise, any con-

moved.

longer thin 04 Hours,

on Forfeiture of 101.

Ships and Vessds may be re-

veniejit Warehouse, Yard, or other Place for the receiving, safe keeping, or lodging of such Goods arfd other Things, so to be removed from off the Quays and other Places as aforesaid; or to inclose, erect, or build in any such Yard, Warehouse, or other Buildings on their own Ground, or on Ground to be purchased by them, as to them shall seem moll meet and fitting.

Gunpowder, and

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, othercombuft1- R0fin^ Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, to^emaVnon* Straw,’Tallow, Grcafc, Shavings of Wood, or other such combustible Things, shall be furl'ered to be Q^aysor Piers and remain on the Quay and Piers aforesaid, already conllruded, or hereafter to be constructed, wirh-in the said Port and Harbour of Port Glasgow, or in any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship or Vessel in the said Piers or Quays, lying in the Harbour aforesaid, for above the Space of Twenty-four Hours after passing the Custom-house Officers: And that in case such Goods and Things canrrot be conveniently removed or got oft' from such Quays, Place or Places, by Day-light; that then, and in every such Case, the Owners of such Goods and Things shall be obliged, and are hereby required to set and maintain, at their own Expence, a sufficient Number of careful, discreet, and sober Persons, to guard and watch over the same, for such and so many Hours, according to the Season of the Year, as the said Water Bailie or Shore Mailer shall signify and appoint; and in case the Owner or Owners of such Goods and other Things, or the Mailer and Mailers of Ships, Barks, or other Vessels, shall make Default herein, every such Owner o'r Owners, Matter or Mate, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling.

XIX. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or the said Water Bailie, or Shore Mailer of Port Glasgow for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as they

B^hto^tn^he* authorise an^ appoint, shall and may, and-he or they are hereby authorised and impowered,*when ky^Order °of the an^ ^0 often as he or they shall judge necessary, to remove, or cause to be removed, any Ship, Vessel, Water Bailie, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, lying in any of the Entrances or Passages of the said Harbour of Port Glafgnv, or at Ice. any Quay, Pier, and Bread, already built, or hereafter to be built, by virtue of this Act, or in any other Part

of the said Harbour, from the Birth or Lying-place at which they shall respectively happen to beftationed or moored at the Time, to any other Birth or Lying-place, as he or they shall think proper; and in case the Matter, Mate, oPany other Person, having and taking the Command and Charge of the said Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, shall, after Notice given him in Writing, or left in Writing on board the Ship or Vessel intended to be removed. Twelve Hours before the Time of Removal, by the said Water Bailie or Shore Matter, or such other Person or Persons as he shall appoint^neglect or refuse to remove, or cause to be removed, during the first High Water or Tide after such Notice, such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, from her said Birth to such other Birth or Mooring-places as are or shall be appointed unto them by the said Water Bailie or Shore Matter, or any other Person autho-iifed by him; that then the said Trustees, or the Water Bailie or Shore Matter of Port Glasgow for the Time being, or any other Person or Persons he or they shall order or appoint, shall have Power, and are hereby directed and impowered, immediately after such Notice, Neglect, or Refusal, to remove, or cause to be removed, such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, lying as aforesaid, from their present Birth and Mooring-place, to such Other Birth and Mooring-places as the Lid Water Bailie or Shore Matter shall judge proper; and that the Matters, Commanders, Owners, and Consignees of such Ship. Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, so to be removed as aforesaid, shall respectively pay to the said Trustees, all such Costs and Charges as shall be reasonably expended in removing such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat; to be recovered, levied, and applied, in like Manner as the Forfeitures and Penalties imposed by this Act are herein after ordered to be recovered, levied, and applied: And that every Master, Commander, Mate, or other Person, taking upon himself the Command of any Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, or the Owner, Fa£lor, Consignee, or Agent, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall obstruct or hinder the Removal of any Such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Vessel shall arrive or come into the said Road or Harbour of Port Glasgow in Distress, or meet with any Misfortune

to"have the*Prc- *n the Road or Harbour aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Bailie or Magistrate of Port fore nee as to the Glasgow aforesaid, »pon a Petition to him in Writing by the Master, Commander, or Owner of such Hi ih and Dif- Ship or Vessel, or Owner of any Goods on board of such Ship or Vessel; and upon Proof being made Marter" bc‘ft>re him of such Distress to give a Preference to such Ship or Vessel being in Distress as aforesaid, ps, a cr, as tQ Birth at the Piers and Quays, and as to the Course of discharging, to any other Ship or

Veil'd arrived before her in the Port aforesaid; and that every Mailer or Commander of any Ship or Vessel lying within the Harbour of Port Glasgow, who shall refuse or delay to comply with the Order of the said Bailie, in Favour of the said Ship or Vessel in Distress as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling, to be levied and applied in the Manner herein after directed.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day Bailaft, &c. imo of "June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall not be lawful to any Person or Persons, t aroour to to t^row or empty any Ballad, Dust, Allies, or Rubbish, Single Stones, or other Things, into the said Harbour, or to dig and take away any Ballast, Single Stones, or other Things, from within the same, to the Hurt or Prejudice of the said Harbour, or of the Works cre&pd, or pp b« erected, for the Se-3 curiry

Matter, &c. hindering a Removal, to forfeit 10L

VerteJs coining into the Harbour in Distufs,

*cc. refilling, to forfeit 10 1.

Pfrfrins throwing

forfeit 40 s.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 16. 353

ctirity and Accommodation of the same, or to do any other Act or Deed to prejudice or annoy the same, or any Part thereof, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings Sterling for every such offence.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons, who Balhft thrown shall or may hereafter have Occasion to throw Qr cast out any Ballast from out of any Ship or other on the

c. to be im-

Veil'd, upon aqy Quay, Pier, or Bread, or other Place in or about the said Quays, Piers, Breasts, ~ or other Works, made or to be made, as before mentioned, belonging to the said Port and Harbour, ^v'eadc oa'pai* shall not fuller the same to be and remain cn the said Quays, Piers, Breads, or other Places, but0^4OI't shall immediately after cart and carry away, or cause the same to be carted and carried away, to such Place or Places as the Bailie or Magistrates of Port Glasgow^ or the Water Bailie or Shore Mailer aforesaid shall for such Purposes provide and appoint, on Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, Forty Shillings Sterling.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter or Owner of every Ship, Marten of V>C-Bark, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, lying or trading in the Harbour of Port Glasgow % shall be, and £el$ answenW* is hereby made answerable to the said Trustees, for the Amount or Value of any Damage or Mif-

thief that shall be done by any of the Servants, Boatmen, Bargemen, or Watermen, on board the crews/ fame, to any of the Piers, Quays, Breasts, or other Works already constructed, or that shall be con-flrufted by Virtue of this Act, with full Costs of Suit; and that such Damages and Cods, shall be sued for and recovered in Manner herein after directed.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Hemngi, an* Persons whatsoever, to pack, or cause to be packed, upon any of the Piers, Quays, or Breasts built, other Fift» noc dr to be built, as aforesaid, any Herrings or other Fish, or to fuft’er Herrings and other Fish, which

are packed, to lie upon the said Piers, Quays, and Breasts, longer than Forty-eight Hours; and th*tlcon after they have lain the said Space, it, shall and may be lawful to and for the Water Bailie or Shore Matter aforesaid, to carry away the said Herrings or other Fish, and lay them up in a Cellar or Warehouse at the Expence of the Owner or Proprietor; and that the said Water Bailie or Shore Matter shall detain the said Herrings and other Fish, till the Charges of carrying them from the Piers,

Quays, and Breasts, shall be satisfied, and the Cellar Rent paid.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Water Bailie or Shore Matter, S

nominated and appointed by the Magistrates and City Council of Glasgow for the said Port and into tht Harbour o( Port Glasgow, shall be, and he is hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, Sum of tho and at all Times alter the passing of this Act, carefully to inspect into the State of the said Piers,

Quays, Breasts, and other Places within the Port and Harbour of Port Glasgow^ and to prevent, as far as his Power shall extend, any Offences made punishable by this Act, from being committed; and that in case of any wilful Neglect or Default therein, the said Water Pailie or Shore Master respectively, shall forfeit and pay Twenty Shillings Sterling, for each and every such Offence.

Xa

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to the said and Trustees, or any Collector to be appointed by them for receiving any Part of the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, to prosecute and recover the several Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and to be sued for, Vofls of Suit, by this present Act imposed, in all such Cases where the Sum to be recovered shall recoverrd, and amount to Five Pounds Sterling, or upwards, by Action, Bill, Complaint, or Information, within applied.

Six Months after such Offence is committed, before Two or more Justices of the Peace, or any other Judge competent for Civil Actions, within whose Jurisdiction the Offender or Offenders shall reside, or be apprehended; and that the said Justices of the Peace shall, and they are hereby impowered and required to proceed to the Trial of such Offences in a summary Way; and upon Conviction of the Oifender or Offenders, by their own Conftflion, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witness'es, to award and give such Orders, Judgments, and Decrees, as to them shall seem most agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that, in Default of Payment of the several fines. Penalties, Forfeitures,/Damages, and Costs of Suit heuein-before enacted, which shall be awarded and ordered by the Justices of Peace or Judge aforesaid, the Person or Persons which shall be convicted of any of the Offences before described, shall and may be sent, by the Justices of Peace, and Judges aforesaid, to the Prison or House of Correction nearest to the Place where the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, and there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time, not exceeding Six Months, as such Justices or Judges shall direct; and that the whole Fines, Penalties, and Fmfcitures aforesaid, which shall be recovered by the said Trustees, or their CoIJcftors as aforesaid, after Deductions of the necessary Charges of recovering the same, shall be applied for and towards the building, making, err cling, maintaining, and repairing the Work or Works aforesaid, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every other Penalty, Fine, Fine* not *» and Forfeiture imposed, and which shall be incurred by virtue of this Act, and not amounting to the *i°"nt»ng to Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, shall and may be sued for and recovered by the said Trustees, or Coveredt0 any Collector appointed by them, before the Bailie or Magistrate of Port Glasgow aforesaid, or any lccovcre

One Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction the Offender or Offenders before mentioned shall,

be apprehended, or reside for the Time, by Action, Bill, and Complaint or Information made in that Behalf, within Six Months after such Offence shall have been committed; and that the said tailie of Port Glufgowy or Justice of Peace aforesaid, shall have Power, and he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to proceed to the Trial of such Offences summarily 5 and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders jit any of the Ways before mentioned, to give such Orders, Judgments* and Decrees, as to him or them shall seem most agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act;

354 C. 16.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

and in Default of Payment of the feverml Fines, Forfeitures, and others last mentioned, so to be awarded by the said Bailie or Justice of the Peace, the Person who shall be convicted as aforesaid shall and may be font by the said Bailie or Justice of the Peace to the nearest Prison or Heuse of Cor* redion, for such Time as the said Judges shall dire£L not exceeding Three Months5 and that the said pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding rive Pounds Sterling, shall, after Deduction of the necessary Charges of recovering the same, be applied. One Half thereof to the Use of the Informer, and the other Half to the Minister and Kirk Session of Port Glafrow, for the Use of the Poor of that Parish. fenaltietsuy W

XXV. ill. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the amigaicd. Peace, Bailie, and other Judges aforesaid. or any of them, by whom such Judgment, Sentence, or Determination shall be given, pronounced, or made from Time to Time, where they fee Cause, to mitigate, compound, or lessen any of the Penalties or Forfeitures aforesaid, 2$ he or they, in his or their Discretion, shall think fit; lb as such Mitigation or Composition do not extend to remit above One Moiety of the Penalty infiided and directed to be levied by this Act; and that every such Mitigation or Composition shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Persons offending refoedlvdy, for (# much of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be so mitigated, lessened, or remitted.

Ftr getting Ms-

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Servants, to, open Stone Quarries, Sand, Clay, and Gravel Pits, and to dig, gather, take, and carry away from such Quarries and Pits, any Stone, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, in and out of any Waste or Common Grounds, lyins within Two Miles of the River and Firth of Clyde, or of any River that discharges itself into the said River or Firth n of Chde, for carrying on, executing, and repairing the several Piers, Quays, and Breads, and other Works already built in the said Harbour ot Port Ghfgow, or authorised to be built by virtue of this Act, without paying any Thing for such Waste and Common Ground opened and used as aforesaid; trf levelling the said Trustees being obliged, at their own Expence and Charge, to fill up and level all such Holes tbotiu* and Pits which shall be made ii

if proper ftr lab ca

Ma-

te got in Com-

mnd Pits which shall be made in such Common or Waste Ground, by quarrying, dig away Stone, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials aforesaid, as soon as they ft or immediate Use for the same: And that, in case the said Trustees shall judge it improper and inconvenient to open "

tiu, die, and carry away Stones and Gravel, Clay, and other Materials from the said Waste

common Ground, and that sufficient Materials* for the Purposes aforesaid, cannot easily be pot from wumCnaodt the same, that then it shall and may be lawful to, and in the Option of the said Trustees, their Depu~

«uy beastdj ties. Agents, Officers, or Servants, to open, quarry, and dig such Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and

other Materials aforesaid, and to carry the same in and out of the Grounds of any Person or Persons within Two Miles of the River or Firth of Clyde, or of any River that discharges itself into the said River and Firth of Clyde, not (being Ground on which (lands any Houses, Garden, Orchard, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House) where such Materials are or may be found, and from Time to Time to cause the same to be carried off, or so much thereof as the said Trustees, and their Deputies, Agents, Officers, or Servants, shall judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and for keeping the said Works in good Order and Repair; the said Trustees making reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage done to the Surface of the said Ground, and for the Value of the Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, so to be carried in and out of the aforesaid Ground, to the Proprietors, Liferenters, Tacksmen, and other Parties interfiled in such Grounds, to which such Damage shall be done or occasioned, and Materials carried away in Manner aforesaid.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and their Deputies, Agent9. Officers, and Servants, to make, use, and maintain Roads from the said Waste and Common Ground, or other Grounds aforesaid, opened for quarrying and digging Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, to any Part of the River or Firth of Clyde, or to any River that discharges itself into the said River or Firth of Clyde, or from the said Pits and Quarries so to be opened as aforesaid, directly to the Harbour of Pert Glasgow; and to make the same through any Ground belonging to any Person or Persons whatsoever, (not being the Ground on which any House, or any Garden, Orchard, and Walk or Walks planted, or Avenue to any House), the said Trustees making reasonable Satis fad ion for the Damage done to the Ground through which the said Road or Roads pass, to the Proprietor, Liferenter, Tacksmen, and other Parties concerned and intc-rested in such Grounds to which such Damage shall be done or occasioned as aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be in the Power of the said Magistrates and City Council of Glasgow, or of their Servants or Agents, or of any other Person or Persons employed by them, to dig or carry away any Sand, or other Materials for the making of the said Piers, Quays, or other Works, as aforesaid, from or out of any of the Sand Banks and Fishing Places belonging to the Borough of Dumbarton in the River Clyde, or in the River of Levtn, without the Consent of the Magistrates and Council of the said Borough of Dumbar-ton first had and obtained.

PcJbns deftmy-

XX

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons what-fog the Wof k« foe ver shall, alter the passing of this Act, maliciously, wilfully, or wantonly demoiifti, breakdown, denned guilty of destroy, oi let on Fire, any of the Jettees, Piers, Quays, Breasts, or other Works, constructed, or to Beiosy. be constructed, in or belonging to the said Harbour of Port Glasgow, or any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, lying or being the rein; every such Person or Persons, so offending, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony and the Court and Courts, by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be indicted and tried, shall, and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Felon or Felons for the Space of 3 Seven!

rfafclftg Sjtiffaction for the Damage.

Trusteev impowered to make Road a to the Harbour through common or private Ground, &c. after making Satiafa&ioa.

Fm >fr.

c.

A.D.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

G. 16. 355

vn2'

Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Magistrates and City Council of Glasgow* and their Successors in Office, in Common Council assembled, at any Time or Times hereafter, to make, ordain, and establish such Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, for the better deepening, clearing, cleaning, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Pert Glasgow aforesaid; and for the better regulating, governing, and managing the Tcttees, Piers, Quays,

and every ocher the Works erected, or to be created, made, or set up, in the Harbour aforesaid; and for the better executing the other Purposes of this Act: And also, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter, such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, as to them shall item meet, fining, and requiftte; and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, for the Non-observance, or other Breach of all or any such Rules or Bye-laws, or any Part of them, to be recovered and applied in such Manner, and according as the Penalties under Five Pounds Sterling are ordered to be recovered, levied, and applied: And the said Magistrates and City Council, and their Successors in Office, shall cause the said Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, to be printed and distributed, and hung up in the most conspicuous Place of the Custom-house of Pert Glasgow; and to pay the Expence and Charge thereof out of the Rates and Duties aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the following Persons shall be Tfcr Commissioners for allowing, authorising, and confirming all the additional Piers, Quays, Breasts, and*»i»^ other Works, which shall be made in pursuance of this Act; and for inspeding, auditing, and ad-

justing the Accounts of all the Collectors Receipts and DisbursementSj under and by virtue of the *e*

fame, for the Ends and Purposes before mentioned; that is to famine Provost and Three Bailies, an rl* Works, Dean of Guild, and Convener of the City of Glasgow* for the Time being; Robert Hamilton of tVijhaw* Esquire, his Heirs and Successors in the Barony of Newark, in the County of Renfrew aforesaid; the bailie of the said Barony for the Time being; Eight Merchants, Inhabitants of the City of Glasgow* to be nominated in Manner as herein after mentioned; the Bailie of Pert Glasgow for the Time being; and Two Persons, Inhabitants of Port Glasgow, to be also nominated in the Manner as herein after mentioned, shall be Commissioners for the Ends and Purposes lift mentioned.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful item Commit*.

to and for the Dean of Guild of Glasgow, for the Time being, and he is hereby authorised and re- w

quired, to cal! and convene the Merchants of Glasgow, Owners, or Part Owners of Ships or Vessels of tkL trading in or belonging to the Port of Port Glasgow* by publick Advertisements in the Glasgow News* MKtfeats of v papers. Fourteen Days preceding the Meeting; and they are hereby required to meet together at and in GU%»wr the Merchants Hall of the City of Glasgow, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, on the First

Turf den of November, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and so yearly on every following First Tuesday of November j and then and there, by Plurality of Voices of such as are present, to nominate and appoint Eight Persons to be Commissioners on their Part, for the Purposes before mentioned; and that the Eight Persons so elected and chosen shall be and continue Commissioners under this present Act for One Year afterwards, and until the First Tuesday of November immediately following; Provided always, That none of the said Commissioners to be nominated as aforesaid, shall be Members of the Council of the City of Glasgow at the Time of such Nomination.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful kswftr tfct to and for the Bailie and Magistrate of Port Glasgow* named yearly by the City Council of Glasgow, Si#lcJ* ard he is hereby authorised and required, to call 'bnd convene the Owners, or Part Owners of Ships

or Vessels, belonging to the said Town of Port Glasgow* being Inhabitants of the same, by publick Advertisements in the Glasgow Newspapers, Fourteen Days preceding the Meeting; and they are hereby^ required to meet together, in any publick Place at Port Glasgow aforesaid, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, on the First Tuesday of November, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and so yearly on the First Tuesday of November* and then and there elect, nominate, and appoint, by Plurality of Voices of such as are present. Two Persons to be Commissioners for the Purposes before mentioned $ and that Two Persons so chosen shall continue Commissioners for One Year and until the First Tuesday of November immediately following.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an annual General Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be held at the Office of the Town Clerk of the City of Glasgow, upon the

First Tuesday of February in every following Year and that the said Magistrates and Council, and their Successors, shall, at every such General Meeting, cause to be laid before the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, a true and fair Account of all the Monies which shall have been collected and levied the Year preceding from the Rates. Duties, Fines, and Forfeitures before mentioned, and of evefy Sum or Sums of Money which shall hive been borrowed during the Year preceding, for the Uses and Purposes before mentioned; and also of all the Monies which shall have been used, paid, and ap-v~ r" r ? ?"s£, scouring, preserving. and maintaining, of the said

ing, and erecting the Piers, Quays, Jettees, Breasts,

1 the said Accounts shall be examined and certified by to* Com-

the Commissioners present at such annual Meeting, or by the Majority of them; and that the said Com-

jpffiooen shall, at every such Meeting, bear their own Charges. thei(

Z % t

XXXVIII.

356 C. 17.

Anno duodecimo Georgii IIIcl

A.D. 177-2.

Commissioner* at the annual Meetings may adi«urn from Time to Time,

Rate' may be leflcnecl with Confrnt of Trustees and Creditors.

Rates and Du-

XXXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be in the Power of the said Commissioners, or the Majority of them, so assembled at such annual General Meetings, to adjourn themselves, from Time to Time, as they shall see Cause; and also that it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, at all Times, to call Meetings of the said Commissioners, by Advertisements for that Purpose, published atleaft Fourteen Days before the Day of such Meeting, in all the Glasgow Newspapers, for the Time being; and that no Business shall be proceeded on at any of the said Meetings, unless there be Seven Commissioners at least present; and that all Questions shall be determined by Plurality of Voices.

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Eleven or more of them, at General Meetings as aforesaid assembled, may, and they are hereby impowered,> by and withr the Consent of the said Trustees, and Lenders of Money, to lessen and reduce thfc aforesaid Rates and Duties granted* by this Act, as they shall judge reasonablfc and expedient, and the State of the Rates and Duties aforesaid will permit.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the Repayment out of tie* to cease on the Rates, Duties, and Forfeitures aforesaid, of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be Mone^orrow- borrowed or advanced by the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, and applied in Terms thereof, with ed,°ney orrow' the legal Interest from the respective Terms of borrowing and advancing the same, the Rates and Duties hereby granted and imposed.shall cease and determine.

Saving the Ju-

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con* rifdittions of the tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to tal;e away, alter, abridge, lessen, change, or intrude City of Glas- upon any Jurisdiction or Power of the Magistrates and Council of the City of Glasgow> and Corpora-RMu^of Lord* tion> *n anc* ab°ut or concerning the Harbour, Docks, Piers, and Quays, built, or to be built, as afore-fSM*aors. 9 and also saving and feferving to the said Magistrates and City Council, and to the said Robert

Hamilton, his Heirs and Assigns, and to all other Lords of Baronies, and to all other Bodies Politick ot Corporate, and other Persons, all their legal Right, Estates, and Interests, in the Premises aforesaid. Magistratef, &c.

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Magistrates, of Dumbarton Town Council, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Dumbarton, shall have and enjoy all Privileges, to enjoy former Immunities, and Exemptions, at the Port, and in the Harbour, of Port Glasgow, to which they were rmieget. intitled before the passing of this Act, by virtue of any Contrafts or Agreements between the said City of Glasgow and the said Borough of Dumbarton, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, as the said Magistrates, Town Council, and Inhabitants of the said Borough of Dumbarton, were, before, the passing of this Act, intitled to, at the aforesaid Port and Harbour; any Thing in the said Act to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Act may be

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Suit or Action shall pleaded in Ac- be commenced against the said Magistrates and Council, or their Successors, or any other Person or tions brought in Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Suit or pursuante there- y^ftion may produce this Act, and plead that the said Things were done in pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to be done, that then the Defendants shall be absolved from

every such Suit, Action or Actions, and shall have Treble Costs and Expences in the Defence thereof awarded to them, from and against the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, Judges and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and all other Officers and Executioners of the Law whatsoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in putting this Act into due and effectual Execution: And that this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all the Courts of Law and Equity as a Ptiblick Act, and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

Sheriffs, &c. t« assist in the Execution of the Act. Public]* Act.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for lighting such Part of the Town of ljlington as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary% Islington, in the County of AGddltfcn* and for establishing a regular Nightly Watch therein*.

WHEREAS such Part of the Town of ljlington, as lies in the Parish of St Mary> ljlington, ia

W. lhe County of Middlesea-, is very populous and extensive, and daily increasing; and, from its Situation, the Inhabitants thereof are exposed to frequent Murders, Robberies, Burglaries, and other

Outrages: And whereas the lighting such Part of the said Town, and establishing therein a proper and well regulated Nightly Watch, would greatly contribute to remedy those Evils, and render the Inhabitants thereof more fate and secure in their Persons and Property: And whereas by the Laws 4'now irv being the said Inhabitants are not authorised and impowered to raise Money for efrefting and ‘ carrying into Execution those good and salutary Purposes: May it therefore please Your Majesty that *it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-

; bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said Parish of Saint Commissionrt Mary? ljlingun, for the Time being, together with Roger Jltbam> Charles Ambrose> Nathaniel Eift>opy Clauds

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 17. 357

Claude Bosanquet, Hammond Crosse, Thomas CroJJe, Thomas Coran, Contencin, 7^if Dawes, William

HuJ'ey, John Lloyd, Thomas Lujfnrloam, Francis Alarshall, John Mackintosh, Lifcombe Price, John Simes,

Richard Smithy Richard Strong* William Savage, William Welby, George Welsh, Esquires; the Reverend Robert Lloyd, the Reverend /Vy, the Reverend Thomas Toller, the Reverend PalmerJames

Burgh, Charles Brawny Dovereu:< Bowly* Wiliam Blackhorrowy Kclfey Bully James Crane, Nathaniel Clark-fn, John Cumherlege junior, Edmund Clutterlucky William Curtis, Dionysius Callaghan* John Church,.

Thomas Dale, Robert Dower, Thomas Dickens, Isaac Mendez. Fart ado, Euward Grace, Richard Horton, jf^/7/1 Hole, JWilliam Hyde, Francis Hayford, Joseph Hodges, John Lewis* Joseph Manwaring, John Pig-gotty William Powell, JW;* Pearce, IT alter Sebbon, John Shield, Thomas Shirley, Thomas Stone street, John Spencer, John Sayer, Jofph Tbcrnthwaite, Barnard Frederick Taylor, Robert W ithy, Gentlemen; shall be, and they and their Successors, to be qualified and clewed in Manner herein after mentioned, arc, hereby nominated, constituted, and appointed Commissioners for the Purpose of carrying and putting, ' this Act in Execution.

II. And, for a Continuance of a sufficient Number of fit and able Persons to be Commissioners for C«nmi4Wam,',

the Purposes aforesaid,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, reduced i» and at all Times hereafter during the Continuance of this Act, as the Number of the said Commis- ot^e*t sioners appointed by this Act, or hereafter to be elected and appointed in pursuance thereof, shall, by ch0rco.

Death or Removal out of the said Town, or otherwise by Refusal to act, be reduced to less than Forty* it shall and may be lawful to and for the survivin: and remaining Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, by Writing or Writings, under their Hands and Seals, (without any Stamp thereupon) to nominate, elect, and appoint. One or more fit and able Person or Persons, either Landlords or Tenants, to be Commissioners in the Place and Stead of the Commissioners so dying, removing, or refusing to act as aforesaid. Ten Days publick Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Ten Dayi pub-Election being previously given, by affixing the same in Writing upon the principal Door of the Parish 1,cIc NoJ,ce! to Church of Satnt Mary, Islington, aforesaid; and every Person and Persons so as aforesaid to be elected 17^1 ion of Com-and chosen, shall be, and they are hereby inverted with the same Powers and Authorities for putting mur^aer!. this Act in Execution, as by this Act are granted and given to the Commissioners herein and hereby particularly nominated and appointed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be eligible or capable Qualification of of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, (except the Vicar and Churchwardens of Commissionuj*. the said Parish for the Time being) but for and during so long and such Time only as he shall either

pay or be liable to pay as Landlord or Tenant, for Premises situate in the said Town, valued and rated at the Sum of Twenty Pounds a Year at the least, for and towards the Rate and Assessment herein after mentioned to be made for the Purposes of this Act, or shall in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, be in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in any Part of Great Britain,*of the clear Value of Twenty Pounds a Year, or shall be possessed of or intitled unto a personal Estate of the Value of Five Hundred Pounds; and if any PfetiaHy Person, not being so qualified as aforesaid, shall presume or take upon himself to act as a Commissioner i^gif not <ju*-in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds, together with Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall or will sue for the same; to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein tio Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed, and wherein the Proof of Qualification shall be on the Person prosecuted; and it shall be sufficient for the Prosecutor to prove, that the Person so prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no No Vtfhi*IIer,

Person who shall sell Ale, Beer, Wine, or any spirituous or fermented Liquors by Retail, shall be *c-to. eligible or capable of acting as a Commissioner under this Act. # Commissioner.

V. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the First publick Meeting. Meeting of the Commissioners to be had by virtue of and under this Act, shall be held within Fourteen

Days after the passing of this Act in the Vestry-room of the said PariOi Church of Saint Mary, ljlington\ -

and the said Commissioners shall then and there proceed (the Number then present not being Tcfs than

Nine) to put this Act in Execution \ and they are hereby authorisid and impowered to adjourn them-

selves from Time to Time, and to meet at the same or any other Place within the said Town or

Parish.

VI. Provided always, That every Commissioner shall have Notice to attend at such adjourned

publick Meeting by a Summons given or sent to him for that Purpose; and if at any Meeting so ap-nJut0 be pointed, from "1 ime to Time, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissioners present to given to Com-Act, or adjourn to another Day or Time; or, in case the said Commissioners, so met and a ffc in bled, mifllonert; and shall omir, neglect, or refuse, to adjourn themh Ives $ then, and in every such Case, the Commis- sufficient ftoners then present shall, by causing Notice in Writing to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Number do not said Parish Church at least Three Days before such intended Meeting, appoint the Commissioners to NotiW toU meet at the Place where the last Altering was appointed to be held, upon some Day* not exceeding given of the wxt Ten Days, next after the Day upon which such last Meeting was appointed to have been holden. Meeting.

VII. Provided always, That the Commissioners, at all their Meetings and Adjournments to Commissionrm be had in pursuance of this Act, shall bear, pay, and defray, their own Charges and Ex- <h r aw*

peaces. Exf'CaiH*.

VIII.

358 C.I7*

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 177a#

No Commissioner to be ia-Owofted ia any

Cmna,

cA if btftnfta), to forfeit 1001.

Commissionert May appoint a Trafarer, fee.

Pfeafarer to Cite Security*

Treasurer to five Twenty I^ajo Notice of feaoTiof.

#0 IM of

Tfeaforer, Em* «wVb &(. €0

Commi/Beeera to settle and af-certain the Sum to be raised for the oofuing Year.

and Af* a Rate

or Assessment by way of Pouod-site*

VIII. Provided also, That no Person hereby appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, a Commissioner as aforesaid, shall be, directly or indirectly, interested or concerned in any Contract which shall be made or entered Into by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners for or concerning any of the Work or Business, from Time to Time to be done or performed by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, or for or concerning any Thing to be uf*d*provided, or employed therein, upon Pain that every such Contraft shall be null and void x nor shall any Commissioner be capable of acting as such during the Time he shall enjoy any Office of Profit or beneficial Employment in pursuance of the Powers given by this Act 5 and that the Person being a Commissioner as aforesaid, and who shall be so interested or concerned therein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed 5 and every Person whom the said Penalty shall be recovered, shall for ever thereafter be disabled from being elected a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioner*, or any Nine or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to appoint One or more Treasurer or Treasurers, resident within the said Town, for receiving all the Monies to be raised and collected in pursuance and for the several Purposes of this Act, and, from Time to Time, as they shall think necessary, to remove such Treasurer or Treasurers, and appoint such other Person or Persons in his and their Stead and Place, as they the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall think proper; and such Treasurer or Treasurers is and are hereby directed to keep distinct Accounts of all Monies by him or them received and paid for the different Purposes of this Act, and to account Once in every Year, or oftener, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, assembled and met together as aforesaid, for all the Monies by him or them received and paid pursuant to the Directions of this Act, and to pay all such Monies, as upon the Balance of the said Accounts respectively shall appear to be remaining in his or their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, authorise and appoint to receive the same, to be applied to and for the several Uses and Purposes for which the same were collected, raised, received, or levied; and in Default of rendering and making such Accounts and Payments as aforesaid, such Treasurer or Treasurers shall be liable to such Penalties as Overseers of the Poor in the like Cases are liable to.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, to take fuffiquent Security from such Treasurer or Treasurers for his or their faithful accounting for and paying all such Monies as be or they shall receive by virtue of his or their said Office or Offices,

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person, by virtue of this Act appointed a Treasurer, shall think proper to remove out of the said own before the Expiration of his Office, that then be shall, and is nereby required, before such Removal, to give Twenty Days Notice in Writing of his Intention so to remove to the Vicai and Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, who are hereby required forthwith, upon receiving such Notice, to summon a Meeting of the said Commissioners, Dy affixing a Notice on the principal Door of the said Church, expref-sing and specifying the Time and Place for such Meeting, to the End that a Meeting of the said Commissioners may be held pursuant to this Act for taking the Account or Accounts of such Treasurer so removing as aforesaid, and for directing and causing all the Monies, which upon such Account or Accounts shall appear to be remaining in his Hands, to be forthwith paid over to such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, authorise and appoint to receive the same, to be applied for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and the said Treasurer so removing as aforesaid is he eby accordingly required to make up and render such respective Account or Accounts, in such Manner as is herein-before directed, to the said Commissioners present at such last mentioned Meeting, and to pay over all the Monies then remaining in the Hands of such Treasurer to such Person or Persons as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Treasurer shall die before the Expiration of his Office, that then his Executors or Administrators shall, within Forty Days next after his Death, make up and render to the said Commissioners, assembled at any Meeting for that Purpose, an Account in Writing of all Monies received and paid by such deceased Treasurer, and also pay, as the major Part of the said Commissioners so assembled shall diredhout of the Assets left by the said Treasurer, all Sums of Money remaining due, which such deceased Treasurer shall have received by virtue of his said Office.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall meet together in the Vestry-room of the said Parish church, or some other fit and convenient Place within the said Town or Parish, on the Fifteenth Day of February in every Year after the passing of this Act, or within Fourteen Days after? and they, or the major Part of them, who shall be assembled at such Meetings respectively, shall settle and ascertain the several Sums of Money necessary to be raised in the ensuing Year, for the Purpose of lighting such Part of the said Town of j/Kngton as lies in the said Parish of St. Man 7JKnfton> and estabidhing and keeping a regular Nightly Watch therein.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall assemble and meet together within Fourteen Days next after the said several Sums of Money shall havp been so settled and ascertained as aforesaid; and they, or any Nine of them to assembled, shall» and they

are

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 17. 359

are hereby required to make and (ign a Rate or Assessment by way of Pound-rate, not exceeding in any One Year One Shilling and Two-pence in the Pound of their yearly Rent, to be charged upon all and every Person and Persons who now Jo or shall at any Time hereafter inhabit, hold, use, occupy, or enjoy any Houses, Gardens, Shops, Ware houses, Coach-houses, Stables, and other Buildings now erected, or at any Time hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, to be errfted in any Part of the said Town, within the said Parish of Saint Mary Islington, upon and according to the improved Rent or value thereof, and as the same are ascertained and rated in and by the Land-tax Books for the Time being; which said Rat? or Assessment shall be paid quarterly, and shall be entered in separate Books, to be provided for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, wherein there shall be Four distinct Columns for the Four Quarters of the Year and a Fifth Column for the Sum Total of the said Four Quarters,

XV. And whereas there are divers Houses in the said Town which are lett out to feve- Landlords topf ral Persons occupying different Apartments therein, and other Houses lett ready furnished to the Rate for Lodgers, whereby the Payment of the said Rate or Assessment may be evaded| for remedy whereof,’ let* rat be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person, whether Landlord or Tenant, £ who shall lett his or her House in separate Apartments, or ready-furnished, to a Lodger or Lodgers, eltoLo&&x»: shall, for the several Purposes of this Act. be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and may be rated or assessed accordingly, and shall be liable and subject to die Payment of the sevend Sums so rated and assessed.

XVI. Provided always, That the Goods and Chattels of each and every Person renting or occupying Cooh of fak any separate Apartment or Apartments in such House or Houses, or renting or occupying any ready- furnished House, shall be liable to be distrained and fold for the Payment of the said Rate or AfietT-ment; and that each and every Person who shall pay such Rate or Assessment so charged on his or her respective Landlord, or upon whose Goods and Chattels the same shall be levied in pursuance of this Act, shall and may deduct the same from and out of the Rent due and payable, from Time to Time, to his, her, or their respective Landlord or Landlords, and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge to his or her Landlord or Landlords for so much Money as be or (he shall have so paid, or which shall have been levied on his or her Goods and Chattels in pursuance of this Act.

XVII. And whereas Persons frequently remove without paying the Rates assessed on them, and P*fcn» t# pay other Persons do enter and occupy or hold their Houses, Gardens* Tenements, or Hereditaments,

4 Part of the Year, by reason whereof great Sums of Money may be annually loft be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any occupying

House, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament, or other Premises out of or from which any other Housei, &c.

Person or Persons asseiled shall be removed, or which at the Time of making such Rates as aforesaid

was empty or unoccupied; that then? and in every such Case, such Person To removing from, and every Person so coming^into or occupying the same, shall be liable to pay such Rates and Assessments.

in Proportion to the Time that such Person occupied the same respectively, in the same Manner, and

under the like Penalties, as if such Person so removing had not removed, or such Person so coming

in or occupying had been originally rated and assessed in such Rates which said Proportion, in case

of Dispute, shall be ascertained, settled, and finally determined, by toy Five or more of the said Commissioners.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Canwlfllsaers may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any rive or more of them, from Time to Time, 7

as they shall judge tit and necessary, at any of their Meetings to be had in pursuance of this Act, toPc^m, who to compound with or in Part, or wholly to remit to any Person or Persons so rated or assessed as afore- may appear said, and who shall or may, at any Time hereafter, on account of his, her, or their Poverty, Difa-able to pay. bilicy, or Di.lrcfs, be exempted from or excused the Payment of the Church and Poors Rates, or either of them, in the said Parish, all such Sum or Sums of Money which he or they (haD be so rated or assessed as aforesaid, when and as often as it shall, from Time to Time, be made to appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Five of them as aforesaid, that such Person or Persons so rated or assessed as aforesaid, is or are, on account of such his, her, or their Poverty, Distrest, or Inability, real and prope; Objects of such Composition or Exemption.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Colleton w to Nine or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, yearly and every Year, to appoint Two or more Persons, substantial Inhabitants and Householders in the said nmmammm Town, to coll eft and gather quarterly the Rate and Assessment hereby impowered and directed to be made, raiftd, and collect. J, for the Purpose of lighting and watching such Part of the (kid Town as Hep in the said Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, and as shall be lighted and watched by virtue and in pur-, fuarce of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Collector who shall have col- CoiicOon t*

lested or received any Money by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of lighting and watching such Part on of the said Town as aforesaid, shall, as often as required by the said Commissioners, or any Five or foral! more of them, deliver in Writing under his Hand to the said Commissioners at such Meeting as they *

shall appoint, a true and perfect Account upon Oath (which Oath may be taken in Writing without Stamp) before any Three of the said Commissioners, (who are hereby impowered to administer the same) of all such Sum and Sur s of Money which any such Collector shall have collected or received, or which shall have been rated or afliiicd as aforesaid, and remain unrectived and also of all Sumspaid, and of all otic; Matters ani Things relating to his Office committed to hit Charge, by virtue of this Act j

360 C. 17.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

In case of Re-fofil to deliver Vouchers, &c

Months

Goods may he alfcded in another caunty.

Act; and alsoall Books, Papers, and Vouchers, relating to every such Account, and shall pay all the Money which shall be then remaining in the Hands of such Collector to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same: And in case any such Colk&or shall refuse or neglect to account as aforesaid, or to deliver all or any such Books, Papers, and Vouchers, as aforesaid; that then, and in any or either of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said so^Six°clleiidaT County of Middlesex, and they are hereby required, upon Proof thereof upon Oath of One or more or ,x ten Witness or Witnesses, at the Request of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to commit every such Collector so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to the Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bailor Mainprise for the Space of Six Calendar Months, or until he shall have made and delivered a true and perfect Account as aforesaid, and shall have delivered all the Books, Papers, and Vouchers, in his Hands or Power relating thereto; and in case any such Collector shall refuse or neglect to pay any such Sum or Sums of Money collected or received by virtue of this Act, and which shall remain in his Hands, it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County, upon Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, that any of the Monies so collected by virtue of this Act, are then in the Hands of such Collector, to grant a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to the Constables, or One or more of the Headborou£- hs of the said Parish, for the levying the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fu<Ji Collector, rendering the Overplus, ftif any), after the Arrears and Charges of such Distress and Sale are deduded and paid, to such Collector or Collectors, whose Goods and Chattels shall be seized and distrained as aforesaid; and if no sufficient Dillrtfs can be found to answer and fa-tify the said Money, and the charges of such Distress and Sale, then it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, at the Request of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to commit such Collector to the Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for Six Calendar Months, or until such Collector, or his Security or Securities, shall have paid over all Money in his Hands, and also the Charges occasioned by the Delay of Payment thereof, or have compounded for the same to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, assembled at any publick Meeting to be held for that Purpose; which Composition the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, who shall be so assembled, are hereby authorised to make and accept.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the more effectual levying and raising the Money crated and assessed for the several Purposes of this Act, the Goods and Chattels of any Person rated or assessed as aforesaid, and neglecting or refusing to pay the Sum or Sums by him.respectively payable as aforesaid, shall and may be distrained in Manner aforesaid, not only in the Parish where such Rate or Assessment was made, but in any other Place in the same County; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found within the same County, then upon Oath thereof made before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of any other County, City, Liberty, or Place, (which Oath shall jbe certified under the Hand of the said Justice or Justices, on the Warrant made for such Distress), the Goods and Chattels of the said Person so neglecting or refusing to pay, shall be subje&and liable to such Distress and Sale in such other County, City, Liberty, or Place, where the same shall be found, and may, by virtue of such Warrant and Certificate, be distrained in the same Manner as if the same had been found within the said Town of IJUngto u

XXII. And, in order to enable the said Commissioners to form a proper Judgment, and ascertain the Rates and Assessments, necessary to be made and raised be virtue of and in pursuance of this Act be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collectors appointed by the said Commissioners shall have free Liberty at all convenient Times to inspect any of the Books of the Assessment of the Land-tax, and also any of the Books of the Assessment of the Rates towards the Relief of the Poor within the said Parish gratis, and to take Copies of such Books, or any Part thereof, as they or any of them shall think fit, at their own Expence: And if any Person or Persons, in whose Custody, Possession, or Power, any of the said Books or Rates shall be, shall refuse to produce the same, and to suffer Or permit the said Collectors, or any of them, to inspect such Books or Rates, and take Copies of them as aforesaid; then, and in every such Case, every Person who shall so rcfule, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Rate or Assessment made or charged by virtue of, or in pursuance of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, for or towards lighting such Part of the said Town of Islington, as is in the said Parish of Saint Mary Islington, shall, fronji and after the pa(sing of this Act, be discontinued, repealed, annulled, and made void.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who shall be rated or assessed by virtue of, or in pursuance of this Act, shall, by the Space of Fourteen Days alter Demand made thereof by the Collector or Collectors authorised and appointed to collect and receive the same, (such Demand being either personally made to the respective Person or Persons so charged, or left in Writing at his or their respective House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode), xe-fule, neglect, or omit to pay, satisfy, and discharge such Sum or Sums of Money, at which he, she, or they shall be so rated or alfciied; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, every or any of them, having a Warrant or War rants under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, and with the Assistance of a Constable or Peace Officer of the said Town, to enter the House or Houses, Apartment or Apartments, of the Person or Pciiwis refusing or neglecting to pay the same, and then and there to (iize

<CoHt&ori may inspect the Xand-tax and Poor-Rate* ;Book» gratia.

Rata* under former AdU dncootinued.

Perhns rated,

refusing to jny, the Sums to be levied by IMiefj.

361

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 17.

and didrain his, her, or their Goods and Chattles; ?nd if the same shall not he replevied, or such Rate or Assessment paid within Five Days next after such Distress made, together with the Costs and Charges thereof, then to appraise and fell so much and such Part of the said Goods and Chattles as shall be justicient to satisfy and pay the said Rate or Assessment, with the Costs and Charges attending fuc h Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus, (if any), to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, (the said Costs and Charges to be settled and allowed by the said Commissioners, 01 any Five or more of them).

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person appointed to the CoIKaot’s Office of Collector as aforesaid, shall, during the Year for which he shall be so appointed to collect the rt.mov,r^ out Rate or Assessment aforesaid, remove out of the said Town, or die, or shall be guilty of any Neglect

or Misbehaviour in the Performance of his duty, or shall become insolvent; then and in any of the guilty of ary Cases aforesaid, it shall and rr.ay be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more Ne^ica, orbe-of them, prefen: at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose by Appointment under their Hands and coming mf»l-Seals, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person, inhabiting within the said Town, vent’erap0tfcr ' to be a Collector of the said Rate or Assessment, in and for the remaining Part of that Year, in the ppoimed.

Room and Stead of such Person so removing, dying, or being guilty of any Neglect or Misbehaviour, p

or becoming insolvent, as aforesaid; and the Person so appointed in the Room and Stead of any such Collector, shall immediately, upon being so appointed, enter upon and execute the said Office of Collector, subject to the like Penalties, Orders, and Rules, in all Respects as the preceding Collector in whose Place and St:ad such new Collector shall have been so appointed, was subject to by this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Colli dor appointed in Colleger r'm°-pursuance of this Act, shall, within the Time of his being Collector, remove out of the said Town, ®wt. nefore the Expiration of his Office, such Collector shall, before such Removal, give Twenty Days ,od"vj Notice Notice in Writing of such his Intention to remove to the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said Parish in Writing to the for the Time being, or one of them, who are thereupon hereby required and directed forthwith to V»car, ' c. of summon a Meeting of the said Commissioners, by affixing a Notice on the principal Do^r of the said th* pan/h> an<i Church, specifying the 1'imc and Place for such Meeting, to the End that a Meeting of the said Com- to account»&c* missioners may be held pursuant to this Act, for taking the Account or Accounts of such Collector so removing, and for directing and caufirg all the Monies which upon such Accounts shall appear to be

and remain in his Hands, together with all Hooks, Papers, and Vouchers relating thereto, to be forthwith delivered and paid over to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, authorise, direct, and appoint to receive the same, to be applied for and towards the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and the said Collector is hereby accordingly required to make up and render such respective Account or Accounts in such Manner as is herein before directed to the said Commissioners present at such aft-mentioned Meeting, and to pay over all the Monies then remaining in the Hands of such Collector to such Person as aforesaid; and that in case any such Collector shall, within the Time of his being Collector as aforesaid, remove out of the said Town, such Collector shall, before such Removal, deliver over so the said Commissioners, or to such Person as the major Fai t of such Commissioners preffint at any Meeting shall for that Purpose appoint to receive the same, his Account or Accounts in Writing, under the Hands of such Collector, verified upon Oath if required, (whion Oath the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, are hereby impowered to administer), with all Rates, Afidlbients,

Hooks, Papers, Vouchers, and other Tilings concerning the said Office, and also the Balance of all

Money which shall have been received by any such Collector by virtue of his said Office, under the like Penalties as are inflicted by this Act, upon Collectors refusing or neglecting to account, when thereunto required, as before directed; and if any such Collector shall die as aforesaid, his Sccu-and if he fl ail rify or Securities, Executors, or Administrators, shall, within Thirty Days next alter his Decrease, his Ort.re, deliver all Books, Papers* Vouchers, Writings, and Things, concerning and relating to the said E*e*or* Office, to such Person or Persons as the major Part of the said Commissioners at any Meeting to be by Vouchers thim held, shall order, direct, or appoint; and if any Sum or Sums of Money shall be due from, or to a proper icm.fln in the Hands of such Collector, at the Time of his Decrease, on the Balance of his Collections Person jfpoinred

aforesaid, the same shall be paid by such Executors or Ad; ini ft ra tors as a Debt 00 special Con- Th^ Comm.f-

tract, and in Preference to any Debts of any such Collector on Ample Contract. Uonctu

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person shall be in Arrfar* of Rite* Arrear for the Rate or Afllfiment, to be made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, the Pc: son how to rcco~ or Persons hereby impowered to collect the fan e, shall and may demand such A1 rears; and, upon vc, ed*

Refnffil or Neglect, after such Demand, levy such Arrears in Manner herein before directed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall end may be lawful to Allowance to le and for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, at any publick Meeting to beholden for ma<tetoCoiiec-. the Purpose of putting this Act in Execution, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, by and out of the Monies raised and collected by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, to make such Allowance to such CoUedoror Collators, for his or their Trouble in collecting the lame, as they, or any Nine or more of them, so assembled as aforesaid, shall think fit and reasonable, not exceeding the annual Sum of Three-pence in the Pound, of the Monies so by him or them to be collected as aforesaid; and the Cnllcrton said Commissioners, or any Five of them, shall and may, and they are hereby required, from Time to Stcuiuj. Time, to take sufficient Security from such Collector and Collectors, for his aiui then due and faithful Discharge of the Duties of the said Office.

362 C. 17.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

No Colleger to *6 as a Trustee.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall be appointed a Collector of any Rate or Assessment made by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, shall, during the Time he shall remain and continue in his Office of Collector, act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies which shall be raised On« Year to be by any Rate or Assessment made in pursuance of this Act, shall be issued and applied to and for the made good by respective Purposes only in and by this Act directed and prescribed, and to no other Use or Purpose

whatsoever; and in case it shall happen that the Monies which shall be rated and assessed in any One Year by virtue of this Act, shall not be sufficient to answer the Ends and Purposes for which the same were so rated andaflfefled, such Deficiency shall be made good, and supplied by and out of the Monies which shall arise out of the Rate or Assessment of the next ensuing Year and in case there shall remain, at the End of any One Year, any Surplus of Money collected and received by virtue of this Act, such Surplus, shall, from Time to Time, as the same shall happen to accrue, be carried to the Ac-Ym’« Account, count of, and be applied in Aid of the Succeeding Year's Expence in carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act.

XXXI. And, for the better enlightening of the said Town,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, order, direct, and appoint, what Number and Sort of Lamps shall be erected, set up, and placed, and in what Manner, and in what Parts within the said Town, and may appoint or contract with any Person or Persons for furnishing such Lamps, or may find and provide the same themselves, if they shall tract w»*h P«- thipk fit; and also for the lighting, cleanung, Supplying, maintaining, and repairing, such Lamps from fame a and direct to Time, and shall likewise direct and appoint both h >w and where the said Lamps mall be

placed, all proper Care being taken in fixing and placing the same to avoid any Damage being done to the Premises of any Person or Persons whatsoever; and shall also direct and appoint at what Time and how long the said Lamps shall be and continue lighted, and what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to the Person or Persons appointed or contracted with to light, maintain, and repair the same; and shall make all such further and other Orders and Regulations concerning the said Service as shall appear to them, or any Nine or more of them, to be necessary or needful for the Purpose of well and Sufficiently

Deficiencies of the next.

Surplus to be carried to next

Commissioners to d rect the Number of Lamps, &c. and they may appoint or con-

"fame how and where they are to be placed,

lighting the said Town. XXXII.

Persons breaking or damaging Lamps, Polls, Irons, &c.

If^hcL^7 ~XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Commissioners shall, Post/ deervested for the Purpose of putting this Act in Execution, at any Time during the Continuance thereof, them-inCoamUfion- Selves purenafe any Pods, Lamps, Irons, or other necessary Materials relating thereto for the Use of the said Town, the Property thereof, as well as of all such other Pods, Lamps, Irons, Materials, and other Furniture thereunto belonging or relative thereto, and heretofore found and provided by or at the Expence of the said Town or Parish, of at the publick Expence of the Inhabitants thereof, and now uled for the publick Benefit and Service in the said Town, shall be veded in the Commissioners for the Time being, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring and prosecute, or cause and procure to be brought and prosecuted, any Indictment or Indictments, Action or Actions, against any Person or Persons for dealing, taking away, breaking, extinguishing, damaging, or Spoiling the same, or any Part thereof.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise damage or destroy, any of the said Lamps, or any of the Polls, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or shall extinguish any of the said Lamps when lignted, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, and he is hereby required, upon Oath made of the Commission of any such Offence, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for the apprehending and bringing before him the Party or Parties so accused; or it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend, as also for any other Person or Persons to aid and affid in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey such Offender or Offenders, and to deliver him, her, or them, into the Cudody of a Peace Officer, in order to be Secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, to be dealt with as herein after is directed; and the Party accused being brought before any such Justice, or Oath being made before him that such Party cannot be found and apprehended, such Justice shall proceed to examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear and be produced to give Information touching such Offences; and if the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his own Con-session, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he shall, for the Fird Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum oT Ten Shillings for each Lamp, Pod, Iron, or other Furniture thereof so broken, thrown down, damaged, destroyed, or extinguished, as aforesaid; and for the Second Offence the Sum of fence, 5 and Fifteen Shillings, for every such Lamp, Pod, Iron, or other Furniture thereof; and for the Third, Ut fukfc^uent and every other subsequent Offence, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every such Lamp, Pod, Iron, Offence* aos. or other Furniture thereof, and shall also make full satisfaction to the said Commissioners for the Damage so by him or them done and committed as aforesaid: And in case such Offender shall not, upon Conviction, pay such Forfeiture so by him incurred, and also make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and such Offender shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid; One Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be paid to the Informer *r4nformersj and the other Moiety shall be applied towards lighting such Parts of the said Town as

shall

For First Cf* -fence, 10 s.

for Second Of-

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 17. 363

shall be lighted by virtue of this Act: And if any Person shall carelessly, negligently, or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise damage, any of the said Lamps, or any of the Ports, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately, upon Demand, make Satisfaction to the said Commissioners for the Damage by such Person done as aforesaid$ then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to him made by any Three or more of the said Commissioners, to summon before him the Party who shall be so complained of 3 and upon his Appearance (or making Default to appear. Oath being made that the Party complained of was served with such Summons, or that the same was left at nis Dwelling-house, or Place of Abode, and that he could pot be found) such Justice shall proceed to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and, upon Proof thereof, either oy the Confession of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Wiuiesses, shall award and order such Satisfaction to be made by the Party complained of for the Damage so by him done, as to such Justice shall appear just and reasonable; and shall cause the Sum incafeoTRe-so awarded, in case the same be not forthwith paid upon the making of such Award or Order, to be fufai, to be le-levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods or Chattels of the Person so complained of, rendering to him the Overplus (if any) arising by such Distress and Sale, after the Charges of prosecuting fud> Complaint, and of such Distress and Sale, shall be first deducted.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Commissionert Nine or moie of them, shall and may order, direct, and appoint, what Number of Watchmen they shall judge necessary or proper to be provided and kept in the said Town for each Year and nominate, w^climes elect, and chuse, such honest and able-bodied Men to oeemployed in that Service, as they shall think best

qualified for the same; and shall like wife direct and appoint where the several Watchmen shall be stationed, and in what Manner they shall be armed and clothed, and how often they shall go their Rounds, how long they shall continue on their Duty, and what Wages shall be allowed such Watchmen for such their Attendance and Service; and the said Commissioners shall and may, for the Purpose of this Act only, have ComauAfontra or make use of the present Watch-house now situate, (landing, and being in the said Town of tnuuke use of

and belonging to the said Parish of Saint Mary, IJlinrt*n9 or mayerect or build some other proper Place " within such Part of the said Town as lies in the said Parish, for the Reception of the said Watchmen; and they are hereby authorised and impowered to erect, build, and set up, or cause or procure to beTowa. erected, built, and set up, such and so many proper and convenient Boxes or Stands for each respective Watchman in the said Town, and at such Places and Distances respectively as they shall think proper;! and further, to make and give all other necessary and needful Orders and Regulations relative thereto,* or as the Nature of such Service or Employment shall or may, from Time to Timernecessarily require.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts, Orders, and Regular Copy of Onim fions, of the said Commissioners, which shall, from Time to Time, be made for the better Direction for

and Government of the Watchmen as aforesaid, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be for that ^JvcntoSom Purpose provided and kept by the said Commissioners, or by the Clerk who shall be appointed by such Commissioners, and (halt be signed by the Chairman for the Time being, or any Three other of the Commissioners then present at the Meeting, who shall cause a Copy of all such Orders and Directions, signed as aforesaid, to be delivered to the several Watchmen for the Time being; which Orders and Directions the said several Watchmen, and each and every Of them, shall, to the utmost of his and their Power, observe, perform, and keep, upon Pain to forfeit and pay, for every Neglect or Refufil, a Sum jiot exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and immediately after Duty of tl* the passing of this Act, the said Watchmen so to be appointed shall attend to do Duty, and shall keep je^ular Watch and Ward within the said Town, at such Times, and in such Manner, as shall be, from Time to Time, directed and appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and shall, in their Course of Watching, use their best Endeavours to prevent all Mischiefs by Fires, and all Murders, Burglaries, Robberies, and other Outrages, Disorders, and Disturbances; and to that End the said Watchmen, and also the Supervisors of the said Watch herein after appointed, and each of them,

shall, and they are hereby authorised; impowered, directed, and required, to apprehend and detain all Night-walkers, Malefactors, and suspected Persons, who shall be found wandering or misbehaving themselves, or whom they shall have reason to suspect of any evil Designs or Intentions, and shall confine them, in order to be carried, as soon as conveniently may be, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, to be examined and dealt with according to Law: And the raam’ir,^. Lid Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered to appoint the Constables and Head-Boroughs belonging to and resident in the said Town, or such other Person or Persons as they shall think proper, to bt, and who shall be, Supervisor, or Supervisors of the Watch, and shall alternately or in Turn, as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, shall direct, go about and patrole the said Town, and take Notice whether all the Watchmen perform their respective Duties in their several Stations, according to such Orders and Regulations as shall be made for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them:

And, in case the Supervisor or Supervisors so appointed as aforesaid, shall find any Watchman mifbc- rr lny wVch-having or neglecting, or being remiss in his Duty, he or they shall, as soon as conveniently may be, man be negi»-( give Notice thereof to the Treasurer so appointed as aforesaid for the Time being, who is hereby au- scnr> Supem-thorised and required to suspend and displace every such Watchman from the Execution of his said far Office, and to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person or Persons in his or their Place ne*

and Stead, to officiate therein until the next Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be had, when such

3 A a Supervisor

364. C.

T7-

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Snpfrtifor ne-fhecYing to make good his Complaint against a negligent, Watchman to forfci-: 10 s. a-i l being negligent in hit Duty, sc. to foi fat, for every Gffitnce, 40 s. ' Sn^r?ilor8 to a’tend the Commfliuners at their lVveral Meetings, or forfeit 10 s. fir every wilful Neg-ieft.

Commissioncti to make an Allowance to Supervisor*.

Punishment on Waichmeo ne* glebing Duty.

Watchmen neglecting to at- tend, others to be *j>pointed'

The Property of Watch-heufes, Boxes, Stands, Scc. Luilt for the Purposes hereof, to be veftd in t)ve C’cmmissioners.

Penalties and Foifcjuires how to be applied.

To fl iers of the I ea e 'ic adminiuer Oaths.

Supervisor or Supervisors shall attend, and acquaint the said Commissioners, met afed assembled at such Meeting, with the Neglect of Duty, or other Miftxffiaviour of such Watchmen, in order for the said Commissioners to proceed to the Examination of the Offence, and to make such Order in the Premises as to them shall seem just: And if any Supervisor or Supenifors of the said Watchmen, as aforesaid, shall omit or neglect to attend the said Commissioners at their said next Meeting, to make out his Charge and Complaint against any such Watchman, every such Supervisor or Supervisors so neglecting or re»-fusing to attend the said Commissioners, shall forfeit and pay for every such Neglect or Default the Sum of Ten Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain: And in case any or either of the said Constables or Head-boroughs, or other Person or Persons who shall be so appointed such Supervisor or Supervisors as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect, within S-ix Days next after such Appointment, on his being served with Notice thereof, to act in the said Office, or having taken upon him the same, shall be afterwards negligent in the Discharge of the Duty thereof, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings of like lawful Money of Great Britain.

XXXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Supervisor or Supervisors, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, upon every Notice in Writing being for that Purpose given to or left for him at his usual Place of Abode, attend the said Commissioners at any of their publick or adjourned Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act; and if any such Supervisor, upon having such Notice as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to attend at any such Meetings, he shall forfeit and pay for such wilful Neglect, Omission, or Refusal, the Sum of Ten Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain: And the said Commissioners are hereby authorised, out of the Monies arising or to arise by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay unto such Supervisor or Supervisors such Salary, Allowance, or Gratuity, as they, or any Nine of them, shall judge fit and reasonable for such their Service and Services; that is to say. Not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence a Night for the Months of Octobery November, December, January, February, and March, in each Year and not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling a Night for the Months of Aprils May, June, July, August, and September, in each Year: And in case any Watchman shall negltdt to keep Watch in Manner, or during the Time which shall be appointed by the Commissioners or any Nine or more of them for that Purpose, or shall depart from or leave keeping Watch during the respective Hours appointed by the said Commissioners for keeping the same, or shall otherwise neglect his Duty, or misbehave hrmself; in each and every of the said Cases the Person or Persons k> neglecting or offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain: And when and as often as any Watchman appointed by virtue and in pursuance of this Act shall make Default in appearing at the Watch-house, or other Place appointed for that Purpose, and at such Hour as shall be from "l ime to Time appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, for the Meeting of the said Watchmen, before they shall proceed to their respective Stands or Stations; that then, and so often, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Supervisor or Supervisors of the said Watchmen for the Time being, who shall be present at such Watch-house or Place to be appointed as aforesaid for the above Purpose, to procure and appoint One other fit and able Person, who shall be willing to -undertake the said Service, to patroie and watch in the Place and Stead of every Watchman who shall so make Default in appearing as aforesaid; and such Persons so appointed and undertaking such Service, shall be deemed to be, and shall be for such respective Night, a Watchman appointed in pursuance of this Act, and shall be in like Manner veiled with the several Powers and Authorities given by this Act, as if such Watchman had been appointed by virtue and in pursuance thereof, by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, and shall incur and forfeit the same Pains and Penalties for Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right and Property of all such Watch-house or Watch-houses, Boxes, Stands, or Places, for the Reception of the Watchmen, to be erected, built, or set up for the Purposes of this Act* and all the Materials and Things used, or to be used, in and about the same; and allb all the Arms, Accoutrements, and Materials, which shall be allowed and furnished to the said Watchmen, shall be vested in the said Commissioners, and they are hereby impowered to dispose thereof; and to bring, or cause tobe brought, any Action or Actions, or to prefer, or order to be preferred, any Indictment or Indictments, against any Person or Persons who shall (leal, take, or carry away, damage, or destroy the same, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act impeded, (the Manner of recovering and levying whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the said County, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon Information of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath); and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, alter rendering the Overplus, (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Pit ties whefe Goods and Chattels shall be so dittpained and fold, (the Charges of such Diitft fs and Sale being first dedud'ted) shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners for the Tine being; and be applied, One Half to the Informer, and thi other Half towards the Purposes of this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Oath is required to be made, or any Testimony to be given, upon Oath, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, beioic any One or men of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, it shall and

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 17. 365

and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices to administer such Oath, and they are hcrebyr authorised and required to administer the lame.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and so Peualriw may b* any Five or more of the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall see mitigated.

cause so to do, to mitigate or lessen any of the said Forfeitures or Penalties in which any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted as aforesaid, in Favour of any such Offender or Ofrcnders, who shall immediately pay down or give Security to the Satisfaction of the said Commiikoners, for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, to which said Commissioners shall mitigate such Forfeiture or Penalty, so as such Mitigation or Lcflcrv.ng do not extend to remit mo c than One Moiety of the said Forfeiture or Penalty; and every such ' litigation shall be a fuSicient Discharge toluch Off. nder or Offenders respecttivtly for so much of the fail entities or Fortmtuics as shall be 10 lessened, mitigated, or remitted; but that no Mitigation or LcTicning of any of the Forfeitures or Penalties inflicted by this Act, shall be made or allowed in Favour of any Offender or OtTend.is, unless he o: they shall respectively pay down, or give Security as aforesaid, for the Payment or such Sum of Money to which such Commissioners shall think proper to mitigate. Men, or remit such Forfeiture or Penalty.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Commissionx*r»|. any Commissioner or Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, to put this Act in Execution, who who are in the now is, or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, to act as a Justice or Commission of Justices of the Peace within h>s or their respective Jurisdictions, for putting in Execution the several ^Yuftuet^ Powers and Authorities granted by this Act, notwithstanding his or their being such Commissioner or * *u ue ’ Commissioners as ai'urefai J.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Book or Bcoks shall be pre- Prrcecd ngi to-pared and kept by the hid Commissioners, or such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, £fe£*c.red m wherein shall be faiily entered, from Time to Time, the Names of such Persons as they shall nomi- 0 naie and appoint to put in Execution the Purposes of this Act, and Copies of all Orders and Proceedings relating thereunto, and also ail Account of what Monies have been assessed, raised, levied, and paid, by virtue of this Act, and how the same have bten applied; which Book or Books i\\ Persons and all Perform contributing to the said Rates or AlVeflrnents, may, at all convenient Times, peruse and inspect concurred may without Fee or Reward; and which said Book or Books, and all the Proceedings of the Meetings to the same*

be held in pursuance of this Act, shall be signed by the Chairman of the said Commissioners for the wlttout F«e>. Time being, and shall be kept in the Vestry-room of the said Parish Church, or in such other Place as shall be directed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and shall be deemed: and taken to be original Orders, as if the same were under the Hands and Seals of Five or more of the said Commissioners; which said Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in all Cases of Appeals, and in any Suits or Actions touching any Thing done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners or any Co*imifli«n«r* Nine or moie of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to appoint a Clerk for the Purposes to appoint a aforesaid, and, from Time to Time, to remove such Clerk, and appoint another in his Stead and Clc,k* to allow such Clerk such Salary, Allowance, or Recompence, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, as to the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall seem meet.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Meeting Notice cfMeet-of the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall beheld for the Execution of this Act, or any of the iobc6i*cn. Powers thereof, other than and except the Meetings by Adjournment, unless publick Notice be firfL given in the Church of the said Parish of Siiint Mary, Ifdngtcn., immediately after Divine Service in the Forenoon of the Lord’s Day next before such Meeting, by an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the said Commissioners for the Time being for putting this Act in Execution.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writing Writings &c. t* whatsoever, under the Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any of the said Commissioners, or any !^|l*jwut Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them; or any Contract or Agreement whatsoever in Writing, concerning or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act granted, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all incidental and if ccflliry Charges and Expences which shall occasionally arise and occur in carrying info Execu- ot\t tion the several Purposes of this Act, shall be paid, defrayed, and made good by and out of the Mo- Rix*. nits to be failed ant) levied by virtue and in pursuance thereof.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall think Persons affrirved himfdf or herftll rpp.iivedby any Thing done in pursuance 01 this Afi, it shall and may be lawful app aijutle

for any such. Peri-.;. 10 appc.il to the next General or Qua; ter-sessions of the Peace to be hdd for the Lid County of i>did<L', J'Xy and it shall and may be Luvil! for the Justices affcuilled, to make such ^naj# Order thu'in, a: to tlu.n ft.all seem meet; which Order shall be li.iaf ai

cone lulu e.

XLIX. Pi mined r.llo, That no Order, Judgment, or other i locceJings, to be made, given, or had Proceeding not* by or lx to;e ih^ said L 01, m» dinners, or any lattice or 1 if!i<cr> of the IVac*, touching the CorviJit 0 fer^5niofd of any Olitnders ag.inst this A^i, shall be qu.jfhcJ (.rv'i.atu; for want of form only, or be icmoved or p0rIfn* rc-Jtmov. ble by Lenin or otherwise, into. ny or l],s Ma'cny’s Courts of Record a: i. sdndnjtcr And ;r,ov«aMe by.

if.: v Person or Persons shall anpe.il ft (Tior. > for t!.c Cou.»tv 01 Ahdd! > \ foiw arch General 01

utsaid lo rnr !uiti.r*. of the \ :ace at the (3

or Quart*! - Cerduxaru.

the Perfuii or \:!o.;s -/pealing li ail, Fouilecn Days at leilb r>3-^.iartci-fciil vr.s, give Notice, in \\ the TrcaTiutxox. Ticafurvis lor :he

Tiuio.

366 C. 18. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Time being, appointed in pursuance of this Act, of such his or their Intention to appeal; and shall, within Five Days after such Notice given; and before any Appeal shall be allowed, enter into a Recognizance before iome Justice of the reace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties, with Condition to try such Appeal at the General or Quarter-sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the said County next after such Notice, and also to pay such Costs and Charges as the said Justices shall award, in case such Appeal shall be disallowed 5 and every such Appeal shall, at such General Quar-ttiftrefi noi ter-sessions, be heard and determined: And, to prevent any vexatious Actions or Suits against the said

unhwfdfor Commissioners; or any or either of them, or against the said Collectors, or either of them, or any other

want of Form; Person or Persons whatsoever acting by virtue of or under the Authority of this Act, for any Sum or Sums of Money, Fine, Forfeiture, or Penalty, due, laid, incurred, or tnflifted by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, for or on account of any of the Purposes thereof, the DistYefs itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Dcfeft or Want of Form in the Warrant of, or for the Appointment of such Collector or Collectors, or in the Rate or Assessment, nor in any Warrant of Distress; nor shall the Party or n*r the Party b« Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Party or Parties aggrieved by such 9 1 Irregularity shall or may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage he, she, or they shall have

sustained thereby, and no more, in any Action of Trespass, or on the Case, at the Election of t.;e Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

Plaintiff not L. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Action or Actions for T-ruTr*?A* %anV Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of Amends hath been made by the Party or Parties making such znendshaihbeen Distfefs before such Action or Actions was or were brought; nor if Tender of Amends shall be madey made. fit any Time after the said Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Trial thereof,

together with Costs of Suit, to the Time of such last mentioned Tender.

Limitation of

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-Action*.J menced or brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or of any of the Powers thereby given, or any ways in relation to the Premises; that then, and in every such Case, the Action or Suit shall be commenced and brought within the Space of Six Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall and Central Issue may plead the General HTue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if it shall appear to be done in pursuance of this Act, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited in that Behalf, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or shall Discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or De-Treble C#ftt. fendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have and be intitled to the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

Publick A a.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the better Paving, Cleansing, Lighting, and Watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kentt and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

Pretm.le.

Comoafitoaert

Nam.

WHEREAS the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, are very ill paved, and not sufficiently cleansed and lighted; and, by Annoyances and Jnctoachments therein rendered incommodious and dangerous: And whereas it will tena greatly to the Benefit, Convenience, and Safety, of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish of Chatham, and of all Persons resorting thereto, and travelling through the same, if the said Streets and Lancs were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and kept clear and free from Annoyances and Incroach- ments; but the same cannot be remedied and effected without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty th*t it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That James Bejly Thomas Fletcher, Isaac Wtldish, Edward Pilcher, Charles Proby, John Parry Mill ourn Afarft), Joseph Longley, John Coys, John Cazeneuey William Jones, William Witberidge, Harry Farmery Thomas Kirly, John Robertj, Samuel Neale, Robert Wifey Surgeon, John Crowchery William Holmdeny Orlando John Nicho/lsy Edward Muddle, James White % Edward Fry, John Halfheady John Phillips, George Cattlety Richard Cookey Samson Waring, John Townfon, Edward Jckworthy Phineas Kite7 John Byersy Thomas Westony Thomas Hargoody John Najhy John Simmons, being Proprietors and Owners of Houses, or Inhabitants residing within the Town and Parish of Chatham aforesaid and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-aftei mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for 3 putting

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 18. 367

putting this Act in Execution: And, when any of the Commissioners herein named, hereafter to be0;? De«b, Ro-elected, shall die, or remove out of the said Town or Parish, or shall at any Time, during the Space fu;J» or RcT~ of One whole Year together, refuse or neglect to act, (such Death, Removal, Refusal or Neglect to act, f*,ner», being declared at a publick Meeting) that then the surviving or remaining Commissioners shall and becholea. may, at a Meeting to be appointed on that Day Month next after such Vacancy shall be declared, elect, a fit Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Place or Places of him or them so dying, removing, refusing or neglecting, to ad; and all Persons who shall be so defied are hereby vested with the same Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as the Persons in whole Stead they shall be elected are vested with.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Com- Commissioneri

missioner in the Execution of this Act during the ^Time he shall hold any Office, Place of Profit, or *"

have any Share or Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this

Ad.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested pV*n in the said Commissioners shall and may, from Time to Time, be exercised by the major Part of such

of them as shall attend at any publick meeting of the said Commissioners, to be holden as herein after sent»t a pubiicfc mentioned, the Number of such Commissioners present at such publick Meetings not being less than Meeting, not Five; (except as herein after excepted); and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Commis- *»« kk sioners shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Clerk Z}fc' at each Meeting, or at the next ensuing Meeting, and such Orders shall then be deemed and taken to

be original Orders; and such Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Book.

Courts whatsoever,

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Ad of such Commissioners shall be valid, unless No valid un-

done or made at some publick Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, where Five or more Com- ,cfs * 111 mifltoners shall be present. % publick Meeting,

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall meet at the Sun Inn, within the same Fit A Meeting of

Town and Parish, on that Day Sevennient next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Commissionm $ Three and Five in the Afternoon, and afterwards at such Time and Place within the said Town and "ho d" Parish as shall be appointed for that Purpose. as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in FoVwant ofm Execution: And if at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this Act there shall not appear a sufficent Num* sufficient Number of Commissioners to ad, and to adjourn to another Day, or in case the Commissioners b«r toadjr.ru, so assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themfehres \ then, and in such Case, the Clerk to the said publick Notice Commissioners, or any Two of the said Commissioners, shall and may, by Notice in Writing, to be to bcM*iven of affixed at the Church-door and Market-place of the said Parish, at lead Ten Days before the next cSmiSn«i Meeting, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was held j and to pay their own the said Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings, pay their own Expences. Expand.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person hereafter to be elected a Commissioner, by virtue of Qualification this Act, shall be qualified or capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless *"* Commis-he shall, in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, be in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Re - fontr,# ccipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear and yearly Value of Ten Pounds, Freehold or Lcnfehold, arising within the Limits of the said Town and Parish of Chatham; and that no Person who shall be an Inhabitant or Resident within the said Town and Parish of Chatham shall be qualified or capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be a Tenant or Occupier of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Rent of Twelve Pounds, and shall also be possessed of a personal Estate to the Amount or Value of Five hundred Pounds; and if any Person (not being so qualified) shall act as a Commissioner for putting this root. Penalty Ad, or any of the Powers herein contained in Execution, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, Itlufied* e very such unqualified Person shall, for every such O(Fence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred '

Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same j to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager at Law, or more than Or.c Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person (o prosecuted shall prove that he is so qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such unqualified Person hath acted as a C err missioner in the Execution of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, that the said Commissioners shall and may, from Time to Time, at

any of the said publick Meetings, elect and appoint One or more Treasurer and Clerk, Collector or officers Collectors; and also One or more Surveyor or Surveyors, and such and so many other Officers as they take Security, shall find necessary for the Execution of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall take Security as they «nd remove such shall think proper for the due Execution of the respective Offices \ and shall and may, from Time to Time, remove any of the said Officers at their Will and Pleasure, and appoint others in the Room of such as shall die, or be removed, as aforesaid; and said Commissioners, shall and may, out of the Monies arising, or to arise, by virtue of this Act, appoint and pay such Salaries, Gratuities, and Allowances as they shall judge reasonable to such Officers, and to all such other Persons as shall have been or shall be employed in, or aiding and assisting about, the Execution of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer or Servant, who <oi.Pen»!ryo*

shall be employed by the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, shall negi«A-

torccar Co do any Thing hereby or by the said Commissioners directed to be done, or on any Account

whatsoever* *

368 C. 18.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Pivements, & c. vected in Com-jnifiloner*.

who mty bring Actions, and prefer indict-menti.

Old Materials may be fold.

CommUfiontrs may order the Streets to be

whatsoever, relative to the Execution of this Act, or shall any-way be concerned in Interest in any Bargain made, or to be made, by the said Commissioners for any of the Purposes intended by this Act, every Person so offending shall from thenceforth for ever be incapable of being employed under this Act, and shall, over and above, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be commenced within Three Calendar Months after the Offence shall be committed, in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoin, or Wager at Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Property of all the present and future Pavements in the Streets and Lanes within the said Town and Parish of Chatham^ as well in the Foot-ways as Carriage-ways, and of all Lamps, Lamp-irons, and Poffs, which shall be erected or fixed by virtue of this Act, and of all Materials, Implements, and other Things to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners; and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any Two or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or other Person or Persons to be appointed for that Purpose, or to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment, as the Case shall require, against any Person or Persons who shall deal, take, or carry away, detain, spoil, injure, or destroy any Part or Parts thereof; and the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the old Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the same; and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to such and the same Purposes, as the Monies arising from the Rates and Assessments in and by this Act directed to be made, are directed to be applied.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, and at all Times, when and so often as the said Commissioners shall think proper, to order and direct all or any of the Pavements in the High Street and Lanes adjoining, and leading into the High Street of the Town and Parish of Chatham aforesaid, in being* or hereafter to be made, adjoining and leading into and out of the said High Street of Chatham in the said Parish, or any Pa t 01 Pairs thereof, as wrell those ..Parts used by Carriages as those used by Foot-passengers, from the King's Victualling-office on both Sides of the Way (o a certain Lane called Cage Laney in the High Street «of Chatham aforesaid, to be taken up, and the said Street and Lanes to be paved, relaid, repaired, raised, lowered, or altered, and alfj to be cleansed, lighted, and freed from all Annoyances, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Encroachments whatsoever, and proper Drains to be made for conveying the Water under Ground, or otherwise, when, an such Manner, and as often as the said Commissioners shall think fit; and the Person or Persons authorised or directed by them to do the same, hath and have hereby full Power and Authority to do the same accordingly.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall also have full Power and Authority to cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of or brought into the said Streets and Lanes, or into

V^rkmcn*"* 0^ l^em» such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, and to employ such Artificers, Workmen, -they shall judge Labourers, Carters, and others, and to issue such Money on those Accounts, and to do all and every <necessary. such Acts and Things as the said Commissioners shall judge necefury or conducive to the accompliffi-ing the Ends and Designs of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, 2t any Time or Times, after the passing of this Act, make, or cause to be madj, any Alteration in the Form of the Pavement of any Street or Lanes within the said Town and Parish, without the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners, the Person or Persons making, or causing the same to be made, (hull, at his or their own Costs and Charges, within Fourteen Days after Notice given for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Clerk, remove or take away the same, and put such Part of the said Street or Lancs, where the same shall have been made, in the same Form and Condition it was before the making the said Alteration; and in case of his^ her, or their Neglect or Refusal so to do within such Time as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners shall and may order any proper Workman or Workmen to Tcindate the same, and put the said Street or Lanes in the same Form and Condition it was before, and, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, to levy, or cause to be levied, the Costs and Charges attending the same, by Distrtfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who made, or caused to be made, such Alteration, together with the Charges of such Dif-tress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels -shall be so distrained and fold when demanded.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and mny he lawful to and for the said Commissioners, may make Con* and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to contract with any Pci ion or

'Commissioners ;may dig Gravel,

'No Person to alter the Pare-yinent.

Cam mi fT« on era

for pav ting, dec.

Persons for the paving, relaying, repairing, railing, lowering, an ending, altering, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets and Lanes, within the said Town and Parish; which Contract or Contracts shall specify the Works to be done, and the Prices so be paid for the same, and the Time and Times when such Works shall be performed and completed, and the Penalties to be fuss'ered in case of Nonperformance thereof, and the same shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered to pay tuch Sum or Sums of Money for such respective Works as they shall so contract and agree for, out of the Money to be raised for the Purposes of this Act; and all the Foot-w'ays, where practicable, shall be paved wkh Maidstone Flats, Pur beck Squares, or other (mooch Pavement, and a Kirb

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 18. 369

Kirb Stone, an d the ttorfe and Carriage-ways with good Kentish Blue Stones, or sized Pebbles, or otherwise, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and fee proper.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Kentish Blue Stone, Pebbles, and Maidstone Flats,

now used in the Pavements of the said Streets and Lanes in the said Town and Parish, shall be re- *«kipc All«w-laid before the House, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, before which the same areaace *© now respectively laid, at the first Paving of the said Streets or Lanes, by the said Commissioner; and the Owner or Owners of such House, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, (halt have all proper Allowances made to him, her, or them, for the same, in the Expence of such Pavirrg.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Charges and Expences attending the paving, maintaining, Eipe*«t ofr*-repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Streets and Lancs, by virtue of this Act, shall be borne and defrayed, under the Direction and Order of the said Commissioners, by the Owner or Owners, Pro-

prietor or Proprietors of the several Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying near and adjoining to the High Street and Lanes in the said Town1 of Chatham* in Manner and in Proportion following; (that is to say) The Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of every House, Building, Yard, Garden, Piece of Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, shall pay for the Pavements before the respective Front or Fronts of his, her, or their House, Building,

Yard, Garden, Piece of Land, Tenement, or Hereditament,' the whole Width of such Front or Fronts to the Middle of the Street, Court, Lane, Way, Alley, or publick Passage, in or adjoining to which such House, Building, Yard, Garden, Piece of Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, shall respectiveljr Hand, lie, or be; and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of every Corner House,

Building, Yard, Garden, Piece of Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, in all and every the said Streets, Courts, Lanes, Ways, Alleys, or publick Passages, situate as aforesaid, shall pay in equal Proportion for so much of the Pavement adjoining or contiguous to their rcfbective Premises, as shall be sufficient to complete the Pavement in the respective Streets, Courts, Lanes, Ways, Alleys, or publick Passage*, at the Corner or Corners of which their respective Premises shall respectively stand, lie, or be.

XVI. Provided always, That the Pavement of the Fronts of.all Houses within the Limits aforesaid. Front*n<m» and which have been hitherto repaired by the Surveyors of the Highways, shall be paved for the First ae. be Time by the said Commissioners, out of the Rates to be raised by virtu? of this Act, but shall, from jJJT-Time to Time thereafter, be kept in Repair, at the Expence of the several Owners or Proprietors of the said respective Houses.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of Paving, and keeping in Re- Ch*e«</Repair, to be borne and defrayed by the respective Owners or Proprietors, and also of keeping in Rc-in*f

pair such parochial Pavement as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Collector or Clerk for the Time being, appointed by the said Commissioners, by the Tenants or Occupiers of the said Houses, Buildings, Yards, deduced in w-Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and such Tenants or Occupiers shall be at Li* in* thor Kuu, berty, and they are hereby impowered to deduct and retain out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall respectively pay on account thereof for the respective Owners or Proprietors of the said Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements^ and Hereditaments, who are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and if any Tenant, or Occupier of any House, Building, Yard, Garden, Penalty toacf* Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, in the said Town and Parish, shall neglect or refuse to pay such Charges within Ten Days after Demand thereof, by Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Collector or Clerk, to be delivered to, or left at the Dwelling-house of such Tenant or Tenants,

Occupier or Occupiers, the same shall and may be levied on every such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels,* by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the Western Division of the said County of Kent, or City of Rochester in the said County, (which Warrant the said Justice or Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant upon Information on Oath of such Negle# or Refusal 5 which Oatn such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer, without Fee or Reward) returning the Overplus (if any) of the Monies to be raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducing all Costs and Charges attending the same, to the f A lft.

Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels so distrained on Demand: And where any House, Building, Yard, Garden, Piece of Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, shall be let or demised to more than one Tenant, One Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, any One or more such Tenant or Tenants, Oc-any One »y be cupier or Occupiers, shall be deemed the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers for the Pur- deemed the oc* poses of this Act; and the said Charges shall be levied by Distress and Sale of all or any of the cuPicr*

Goods or Chattels in such House, Building, Yard, Garden, Piece of Land, Tenement, or Hereditament: And in case any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall remove out of such House, Tcn*"^ winw' Building, Yard, Garden, Piece of Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, before such Charges shall be paid by him, her, or them; or if the Goods and Chattels of such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall not be sufficient to defray such Charges; or if it shall happen that any of the said Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the said Town and Pa-xi(h, shall be untenacted at the Time the Pavements before them shall be begun; then, and in every P*«ifei tt be* such Case, such Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be scanty far tb* and the same is and are hereby made a Security for, and chargeable with, all such Charges; and the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale, by Warrant as aforesaid, of any Goods or Chattels which shall after be found in or upon the same Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements,

37° G. 18.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Landlord.

Parishioneri to p?y for the Javcments before certain I1 laces.

roents/or Hcrc^swnenU, or of the: Goods and.Chattels of the OwnertwOwners^ of such Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments: And in case Yuch Owner or Owners shall neglect or refuse tapay-the fame for the Space of Twenty Day* next after the same shall be demanded of him, h$r, or them, by-^Notiqq irt Writing under the Hand of the said Collector or Clerk, to bq delivered to, or left at the Dwelling-house, or usual Place of Abode, of such Owner or Owners, in case.such Owper or Owners shall then live within the said Town and PariFhof Chatham; and in case such. Owne* or Owners shall not live within the said Town and Parish of Chatham, ihen under the Hand and.Seal or Hands and Seal*.of any One ormore-Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Borough, Town, Division, or Place, where such Owner or Owner* shall reside: p»y«ng/ And in case any Tenant, or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall pay- to the fatdCoIle£lor more niore Mon^y th»n Money on ^qcoupt of the said Charges than shall be. due from him, her, or them, for the Rent of his, RentbCtbeCOv«- her;* ox f^cir House, Buildings Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, the Overplus plu? to be mad« thereof shall and may be levied Qn the Owner or Owners of such House, Building, Yard* Garden, good by tht Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, by Warrant under th^ Hand, and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, for the County, City v Borough, Town, Division, or Place, where such Qoods or Chattels shall be, such Owner or Owners having refused or negleiled, to pay the same, for the Space of Ten Days after Demand made thereof by such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, his or their Attorney or Agent, for that Purpose appointed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Parishioners of the said Town and Parish of Chatham shall bear and sustain the Charges and Expences of paving, repairing, and keeping in Repair the Pavements in the said Streets adjoining and contiguous to the roor-house for the said Parish of Chatham and also for paving, for the First Time only, the Pavement before a certain Alms-house or Hospital. called 'Sir John Hawkins's Hospital in the said Town and Parish; the Charges and Expences of maintaining and keeping in Repair the Pavement lying before the said Alms-house or Hospital, called Sir John Hawkins's Hospital* shall thereafter be borne and sustained by the Governors of the said Almsrhouse. or Hospital, for the Time being, under the Direction and Powers of this Act; (that is to say), From the respective Fronts of the said roor-house, and Alms-house.or Hospital, to the Middle of the Street ad4 joining thereto; and the Charges and Expences of repairing the Pavements lying before the said Hospital or Alrns-house, Fhall, for the first Time only, be paid by the Churchwardens of the said Towri and ‘ Parish for the Time being, to the said Collector or Clerk; and the Charges and Expences of the Paye-ments adjoining to the said Poor-house, shall be paid by the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Chatham, to the said Collector or Clerk ;. and the several Charges and Expences to be paid by (he said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Town and Parish, shall be allowed to them reflectively, in all Accounts touching, their several Offices or Departments, and to all others whom it may concern: And in case the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Chatham, the Governors of the said Hospital, or the Overseers of the Poor, or any or either of them, shall neglect &r refuse to pay to the said Collector o( Clerk the Charges and Expences hereby directed to be praid* by them respectively, for the Space of Twenty Days next after the same shall be demanded of them respectively, by Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Collector or Clerk, to badelivered to them respectively, or leftat their respective Dwelling-houses, or usual Places of Abode; then, and in every such Case, the said Charge* and Expences, so neglected or refused to be piid, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of thq Goods and Chattels of the said Churchwardens of the said Town and Parish of Chatham, the Govern nors of the said Hospital, and the said Overseers of the Poor, or of such of them as by this Act is of are directed to pay the Charges and Expences so neglected or refused to be paid; and such Distress shall be made by Warrant.under the Hands and Seals of any. Two or more Justices of the Peace ailing for the Western Division of the said County of Kent, (which Warrant such Justices are hereby re quired and authorised to grant), and the Overplus of the Monies to be raised by such Distress and Sale, Jif any) after deducing the Charges attending the same, shall be returned to the Owner or Owner* of the Goods and Chattels so distrained and fold, on Demand.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That neither the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rbchejlerr the Wardens and Commonalty of Jloche/ler Brid^e^ the Dean and Chapter of Rochester, the Governors of Chatham Chejly the Patron and Brethren of Saint Bartholomew’s Hospital, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shaft, on account of any Ground-rent issuing out of, or payable for, any Messuage, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, in the said Town and Parish, or on account of their Reversion or interest therein, bq considered, deemed, taken, or adjudged to be, the Owner or1 Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Messuage, Yard, Garden, Land* Tenement, or Hereditament, but the Lessee or LeiTees of such Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, or of such other Person or Persons, or their Assigns, shall, during the Existence of the Term for which such Messuage, Yard, Garden, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be demised, shall be considered x ' deemed, taken, and adjudged, for all and every the Purposes of this Act* to be the Owner or Owner$, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Messuage, Yard, Garden, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,’ and Fhall, during such Term, hear and pay all Expences and Impositions whatsoever, by force or virtue hereof, to be borne or defrayed by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the said Messuage. Yard, Garden, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and Tenant, touching'or concerning the paving

Who shall be 4cemc4 Owrtrt.

Cnntrafls be-' tween Land-Jonh and Ten-

ants not vacated, the said Streets and Lanes, or the keeping in Repair./uch Pavement.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 18. 37*

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, if they think proper, and they Commissioner* re hereby authorised and impowered, at any Time or Times after the parting of this AcV, to appoint a competent Number of fit and able-bodied Men, not exceeding Six, to watch and patrol the said Streets

nd Lanes, and out of the Rate or Assessment, or Monies so to be made and raised by virtue of this Act, 1 to make such Allowances to such Watchmen for their Attendances, and to give such Orders and Directions concerning the Manner in which the said Watchmen shall be armed and stationed, and for the due and regular Performance of the said Service, as they the said Commissioners shal] judge reasonable and expedient; and from Time to Time to remove any of the said Watchmen, and to appoint others in their Stead.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and topt*htfe and they are hereby impowered and authorised to apjdy any Part of the Monies arising by this Act, in LaflSP*> *c* the purchasing, providing, fixing, and renewing of such and so many Lamps, of such Sizes and Sorts,

and such and so many Posts Irons, and other Materials, for fixing thereof, as may be thought requi-fire and necessary for the lighting all or any of the Streets and Lanes in the said Town and rarifli, and may, at any Meeting, order, direct, and cause such Lamps to be set up within the said Town and Parish of Chatham, in inch Manner, and in such Places, and at such Distances One from the other, as they the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, think proper; and may also contract with any Person or Persons for lighting of all such Lamps at such Seasons of the Ypar, and at such Hours in Che Evening, as they shall think necessary, and may pay and apply any Part of the Monies arising by this Act, in Discharge of the Expences of lighting, cleansing, supplying, and repairing the said Lamps.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully break, throw down, or other- Personi wilfully wife damage, any of the Lamps which shall be erected by the said Commissioners, or any of the Posts, *>re»king Lam*, Irons, or other P urniture thereof, or shall extinguish any of the said Lamps, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the Western Division of the said County of Kent% or City of Ro- 1 thcjhr aforesaid, and he is hereby required, upon Oath made of the Commission of any such Offence, to issue a Warrant for apprehending the Party accused; or it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and, by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Constable or Borfeholder, in Order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace ailing for the Western Division of the said County; and the Party accused being brought before any such Justice, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oatfi any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear to be produced to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party accused be convicted of such Offence, either by his her, or their own Confession, or upon Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Five Shillings, nor more than Ten Shillings, frr each and forfeit n#t Lamp so broken, thrown down, damaged^ or extinguished as aforesaid, and shall make full Satis- exceeding ie«. failiqn to the said Commissioners, or to their Clerk, for the Damage so done by him, her, or them; forc»ch Ldmji and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, upon Conviction, pay the Forfeiture by him, her, or them incurred, and make Sathfaflion as aforesaid, the Justice, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the House of Correction, or Common Gaol for the said County or City, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding One Calendar Month; and such Offender shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they, shall be committed, unless such forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and gj^en, One Moiety of the said respective Forfeitures, when recovered; shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied as the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act are direifted to be applied: And if any Person Any PerConae-shall negligently or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise damage, any of the said Lamps, cidenuUy fere*-' or any of the Posts, Irons; or other Furniture thereof, and shall not, upon Demand, pay to the said t^beHabl* Commissioners, or to their Clerk, for the Damage by such Person done as aforesaid, it shall and may 1

be lawful for any Justice of the Peace acting for the Western Division of the said County or City, and M to the Judge he is hereby required, upon Complaint thereof made by the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, to appear summon the Party complained of, and upon his, her, or their appearing, or making Default to ap- i

pear, (Oath being made that the Party complained of was served with such Summons, or that the same was left at his or her Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, if known, or that he or she could not be found) such Justice shall proceed to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and, upon Proof thereof, either by the Confession of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Withefs or Witnesses, shall award and order such Satisla&ion to be made by the Party complained of for the Damage so by him or her done, as to such Justice shall appear just and reasonable; and shall cayfc the Sum so awarded, in case the same be not paiJ forthwith upon the making such Award or

Order, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person complained of, ren- Ay'or-

dering to him or her, upon Demand, the Overplus, (if any be) after the Charges of prosecuting such trefl# y complaint, and of such Distress and Sale, shall be deduced.

XXIV. And, for defraying the Charges and Expences attending the Execution of this Act9* be it Commissionert further enabled. That from and after the passing of this Act, One Rate or Assessment shall Once in irc every Year be made, laid, and a (Felled, by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, upon 1Ulet’

II. and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, or enjoy, any House, Shop,

Warehouse, or other Tenement or Hereditament, within the High Street and Lancs adjoining, and leading

37* C. 18.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A. £>. 177*-

Cfct Clerk Of Tctafiircr«

into and out of the High Street of the said Town and Parish of Chatham, iif such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall judge necessary, so as such Rate or Assessment shall not exceed % in' the Whole Nine-pence in the Pound, in any One Year, of the yearly Rent or Value of such House, Shop, Warehouses, or other Tenements or Hereditaments, according to the Rack-Rent, or full yearly Value thereof; and the said Rate or Assessment shall be, and the same is hereby vested in the said Cora-

_, missioners, and shall be by them applied for the Purposes of this Act; the said Rite or Assessment to be

annually >n July. made in the Month of juJy jh each year.

They may in-

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for xht 6id Commissioners, or Jpect Poors Rate* any Person or Persons by them authorised under their Hands for that Purpose, from Time to Time, to

*5 inlpcdl the Poors Rates of and for the said Town and Parish, and to take Copies or Extracts there-

from, which the Overseer or Overseers, or other Person or Persons having the Custody thereof respectively, is and are hereby required, on producing such Order as aforesaid, to permit and fufter to be made and taken, without Fee or Reward; and on Refusal thereof by the Overseer or Overseers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, he or they so refusing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for each such Offence, to be recovered and levied in Manner herein after mentioned, appoint Co!-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Commission-Wtorsoi the ers, or any Seven of them, shall and may yearly, and every Year and so often as there shall be Oc-&*<- casion, under their Hands nominate and appoint! and they are hereby authorised and impowered to no-

minate and appoint One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, Reftdent or Residents, in the said Town and Parish, to be Collector or Collectors of the Rate or Assessment; and shall and may, from Time to Time, as ioon as may be after such Rate or Assessment shall be made and confirmed as aforesaid, issue their Order under their Hands to the said Collector or Collectors for the Time being, requiring them jointly or severally to collect and receive, as soon as may be, the respective Sums of Money expressed and contained in such Rate or Assessment; Duplicates of which Rate or Assessment, under the Hand* of the said Commissioners, shall be delivered, together with the said Order, to any One of such Collector or Collectors respectively; and such Collector or Collectors, to whom any Order or Orders from the said Commissioners, shall, from Time to Time, be directed, shall obey and execute the same in all Reflects whatsoever; and the said Commissioners shall and may, from Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, remove any Collector or Collector!, and appoint any others, being Inhabitants and Re(i-w as aforesaid, in their Stead; and the said Collector or Collectors shall and are hereby required to

ciCTk^0 pay the Money so collected and received by virtue of this Act, when and so often as he or they shall " have collected the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to the Clerk acting under the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same, to be applied for the Uses - and Purposes of this Act; and shall and hereby is and are required, at the Time of making every such Payment, to deliver to the Person or Persons impowered to receive the same true and exact Copy or Duplicate of the Rate or Assessmcrtt whereby the same was collected, together with an Account thereof, and also of all and every Sum and Sums of Money rated and aifessed in such Rate or Assessment as remains uncollected, (if any shall be), together with the Reasons why the same hath not been collected, to the End that it may appear whether the Non-payment hath happened through the Insolvency of the fcevalty on »t- Party rated, or through the Default of the Collector or Collectors; and in case any Collector or Colle&ors shall refuse or neglect to take upon him or them respectively the said Office, or duly to execute the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Collector or Collectors shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall continue liable to be again appointed to the said Office the Year following, or sooner, if the said Commissioners so assembled shall think fit; and in case of his or their Refusal or Neglect afterwards to take upon him or them the said Office, or duly to execute the same, he or they so refusing or neghecting shall be again liable to the like Penalty, and in like Manner, as often as he or they shall refuse or neglect to take upon him or them the said Office.

Rstw of Hodfet 4

XXVII. And whereas several Houses within the said Town and Parish may be, by the Landlords

inoreTcwnti or Owners thereof, let out into Lodgings or Tenements to divers Tenants, whereby it may be

*r* to t* fmdty difficult to rate or assess such Heufes, and to recover such Rates or Assessments when made: For

<ke*n, Remedy thereof be it enacted, '1 hat the said Commissioners shall and may rate or assess the Landlord

or Owner of any House which shall be let to or occupied by Two or more Tenants; and such Rate or Assessment shall be paid by One or more of the Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such House, who is and are hereby required to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so rated or assessed upon such their £c*t. Landlord or Owner, ii\ pursuance of this Act, and to deduct the same out of his, her, or their Rent; and the Occupier or Occupiers paying such Rate or Assessment, or any Part thereof, shall be acquitted and discharged of and for so much Money as he, she, or they shall have so paid, as if the same had been actually paid to the Landlord or Owner to whom his, her, or their Rent shall be due and payable; and every such Landlord or Owner is hereby required to allow such Deduction upon Receipt of the Rcfidtie of his dr her Rent.

Haw a«tobe

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons so rated or assessed, or ^covered hyDif-charged or chargeable, and made liable as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay any such Rate or *seftao4Salc« Assessment to the Collector or Collectors, for the Space of Three Days after personal Demand thereof made, or Demand in Waiting left at the last Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, it shall and may be lawful to and for any-one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the Western Division of the said County or City, upon Oath (which Oath he or they are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) of such Demand and Non-payment, by Warrant under fcis 01 their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, which he or they is and are hereby impowered and

required

ike Office tf i>Ut£Uu

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 1P. 373

required to grant, to authorise and dtreft the said Collector or Collectors to levy such Ratdor Monies so in Arrear, together with the Costt and Charges attending the same, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and/Chattels of every such Person and Persons so in Arrear, and negbfting or refu&ng to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels on Demand thereof being made by such Owner or Owners.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons shall come into and occupy any * House, Building, or other Premises aforesaid, within the said Town and Parish, out of or from which *c* t# any other Person assessed towards Payment of any Rate or Assessment made by virtue of this Act shall perf0*s reJ hr.ve removed, every person so removing from, and every Person so coining into, or occupying such Pre- in( fom, and cnifes, shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment in Proportion to' the Time each Person occupied the ky those *ho fame respectively$ and in case any Person shall quit his or her House, Building, or other Premises afore- 0<«ry the said, before he or she shall have paid any Rate or proportionable Part thereof by him or her due and

Eayable, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to pay the same when demanded, it shall and may be iwful to and for the Collector or Collectors, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any One or more Justice or Justices of the reace for the County or Place wherein such Person shall then reside or he found, (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required to grant, upon due Proof thereof made before him or them upon Oath), to levy such Rate or proportional Part thereof by Distress and Sale of such Persons Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any be) on Demand, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels have been (o didrained and fold, after all Charges paid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act, the Churchwardens of the Cfc«rAw»Tde«t Town and Parish of CJiatbam for the Time being, and the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of ^JPeor £^4 Chatham for the Time being, shall be deemed the Owners and Occupiers of the said Poor-house for the Occupiers # said Parish of Chatham, and of every Poor-house and Building hereafter to be erected for the said Town Poor-house. and Parish; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, in the said Rate or Af- Peuilty tbcas feflment so to be made by them as aforesaid, to rate and assess the said Churchwardens of the said Parish pr jof Chatham for the Time being to pay the annual Sum of Five Pounds 5 and the said Overseers for the j2ic£n Time being for the said Poor house, to pay the annual Sum of Five Pounds for repairing and keeping in Repair the Pavement before the said Poor-house; and if any or either of such Persons so to be rated or af-iefied shall neglect or refuse to pay the same for the Space of Twenty Days next after Demand made thereof, by Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Collector or Collectors, to be delivered to or left at the respective Dwelling-tioufes of him or them so neglecting or refusing, the Rate or AffeflT-ment so neglected or refused to be paid shall and may be levied on the Person or Persons hereby directed to be rated or assessed for the same, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods or Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the Western Division of the said County of Kent, (which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant, upon Information on Oath of such Neglect or Refusal; which Oath such Justices are hereby ifn-

Eowered and required to administer), returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners, on )emand, after all Charges paid.

XXXI. Provided always, That no Person shall be rated, or pay to the Rates or Assessments which S*emptk»ifr«n AaH be made by virtue of this Act. upon account of any Gardens, Garden-ground, Arable, Meadow, kemgntsa. t>r Pasture-ground, or for any houset out of the Town of Chatham, or for any Farms or Lands used, held, or occupied within the said Town and Parish, except the Dwelling-houses of such Farmers as are situate in the High Street or Lanes of the said Parish; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And whereas several Drains, Ceflpools, Water-courses, and Sewers, situate in the Temnttnted to said High Street of Chatham, and also several Parts of the Pavement of the said High Street, are main- the Pavemcat* to tained, paved, repaired, and made good by the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parish of Chatham, at a large annual Expence: And whereas it is intended that the Monies arising from, or to iJtyor*Comp^» be borrowed on the Credit of the said Rate or Assessment, shall be appropriated to the repairing, fiiioA-mcocy,

paving, and keeping in Repair, such parochial Drains, Ceflpools, Watercourses. and Pavements,

situate in the High street aforesaid, whereby the said Parish will be relieved and discharged from a very great annual Burthen and Expence £ be it therefore enacted, That when and so often as any 1

Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants* inhabitant or Inhabitants, of any House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Tenements or Hereditaments within the said High Street, and the Lanes adjoining and leading into the High Street of the said Town and Parish of Chatham, shall be rated or assessed to the paving, or repairing and keeping in Repair the Pavements belonging to the said Town and

Parish, to repave and keep in Repair, or to the cfeanfifig and lighting of the said High Street, and the Lanes next adjoining to the said High Street of the said Parish of Chatham, all and every such Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, Inhabitant or Inhabitants, shall be, and they are hereby discharged and exempted from any Duty or Labour, or airy Corrvposition-money in lieu of Labour, and from the Payment of any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, that shall be made or demanded for the Repair of the Highways within the said Town and Parish of Chatham; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the Contrary 11 otwitJh (landing.

XXXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to ex- W*®J*’ wufe any Person or Persons keeping any Team, Draught, or Plough, from the Statute or Highway1 Jon, ulay or Labour, or Com^ofition-money. Jc!

XXXIV. from StatuM-

4uiy.

t5y

374 C.'t8.'

Inhabiting liable to adiiional Assessment, at by y Geo. III.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Certain Street! ex-mp d until the Inhabitants are of Ability to contribute to-. wsrds paving, &c.

Prorifa*

-XXXIV, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any additional Assessment shall be laid upon the Inhabitants of the said P*rish of Chatham, for repairing the Highways within the said Rarish, by the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter-sessions of the Peace to be holden at Maidjhnc in and for the said County, in pursuance of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's . Reign* for the-Amendment and rreservation of the publick Highways of this Kingdom, the Inhabitants of the High Street and Lanes adjoining thereto shall be, and they are hereby declared, to be, subject <uad liable to pay their Proportion of such additional Assessment \ any Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And whereas there are several Streets and Places called King Street, Queen Street, and Cross S/nv/,situate at a certain Place called Smith fie Id Bank, and also the said Bank adjoining to the Town, and also several Houses near the Church in the Village called Brampton, in the said Parish of Chatham, the Owners, Proprietors, and Inhabitants of which Estates are not of Ability to defray the Expense of -new-paving, cleansing, and lighting the same, under the Regulations of this Act y be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed to put this K&t in Execution, to order or direct any of the said Streets or Places to be new-paved or*repaired^ cfeanfed, or lighted; nor shall any Rate or Assessment be made by virtue of this Act for the Purposes of paving, repairing, cleansing, or lighting, any Part of the Streets and Lanes on Smithfield Bank, and Places aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided nevertheless, That if at any Time hereafter the Proprietors or Owners of the said Estates, and Inhabitants thereof, which are exempted from being new-paved, lighted, and cleansed, as aforesaid, shall be of Ability to pave, repair, light, and cleanse the same, to be determined oh a Petition of the major Part of the Proprietors of Estates, and Inhabitants, living within the said Streets and Lanes,* to the Commissioners for executing this Act* then, and from thenceforth, such particular Streets and Places shall be subject to be paved and repaired, and kept in Repair,4n such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the several Streets and Lanes which are under the Direction of the said Commissioners, can or may'be paved and repaired and for the Purpose of lighting and cleansing such particular Streets and Places, One Rate or Assessment shall be laid and assesseaon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit,-hold, or occupy, any Houses or Tenements whatsoever in such particular Street* and Places* so as fetch Rate or Assessment shall not exceed in the whole, in any One Year,; the Sum of Four-jpence in the Pound, in Confederation of their Proportion of Statute-work.

Commissionert

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commtf-»ay borrow Mo- feoners, or any* Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, to borrow, either by mortgaging the fai‘4 iey, by mort- Rath *nd Assessment, or on Life Annuities, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds; and if borrowed by Mort-i

Page, to assign over, by Writing* signed by any Seven or more of the said Commissioners, all or any art of the Rate and Assessment directed to be made by virtue of this Act, as a Security for the Repay* roent of the Principal and Interest of the Money to be borrowed.

XXXVIII. And whereas many Persons may chuse to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities, to be secured upon, gnd payable out of, the said Rate and A^e^ment, it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act* any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding 1 in the Whole, either by Mortgage or Life Annuities, of both, the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Lives of such Persons, being of the Age of Forty Years or upwards, as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such respective Contributors, at the Time of Payment of their re-*hich Annuity spective Contribution-monies; which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds *ocej^ecd9l« far Centum per A num for every One hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum TT 111 to be advanced and paid as aforesaid; All which Annuities, so to be purchased, shall be payable and

paid by the said Commissioners, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rate or Assessment, by Four equal Quarterly Payments $ the First Payment to be made to the respective Purchasprs/ or their > Afii&ns, at the Expiration of the First Quarter after Payment of their respective Purchase-monies, the Rate whereof shall be settled and adjusted by a publick Sale of the said Annuities by the said Commissioners, and the bed Bidder for the same.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is.hereby further enacted, That when and as often as any such Annuitants shall die, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to purchase of the said Commissioners One or -more Annuity or Annuities, upon the Life of such Persons, and upon such Terms gnd Conditions, and payable in such Manner, as above mentioned, so that the Sum or Sums to be contributed for the Purchase of any Annuities to be granted by virtue of this Act, shall at no One Time exceed the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds,

XL. And is hereby enacted, That the Clerk of the said Commissionera for the Time being, shall

ali sicuHtTe* for enter in a Book or Books, to be provided for that Purpose, all Securities for Monies borrowed, or Ah-<Monic« borrow, nuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and all Assignments or Transfers thereof, expressing, in Words at Length, the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Dc-(criptions of the Persons for whose Lives the said Annuities shall be respectively granted, and the Days whereon the said Annuities shall respectively be payable 5 to which Book and Hooks the Person or Persons* intitled to and possessed of such Annuities, and all and every Person or Persons liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments, shall, at all lcasonable Times, have AcceL, with free Liberty to inspect the same without fee or Reward.

t XLL

gaging the AC-fcdfmem

and by Annuities on Lives

If Annuitant# die, any Person jnay purchase Annuities for their Lives.

Clerk * enter

framed.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. i*8. 375

XLI. And it is hereby farther enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall purchase Annuiret such Annuity or Annuities, and shall duly pay, the Purchase-monies for the same at the Rates aforesaid*

and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities so purchased during the Term of the natural Life or Lives of the Person or Persons by them respectively nominated at the Time of such Purchase, and shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible Estates and Intefefts in the said Annuities respectively, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act $ and that none of the said Annuities shall be subject or liable to any Tax assessed upon Land by Authority of Parliament; and every such Purchaser shall, upon Payment of his or their rurchafe-money as aforesaid* have an Order, in Writing, for the Payment of the Annuity or Annuities so purchased by hirn or her, for and during the natural Life or Live* of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by him or her as aforesaW, and shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and Meaning thereof, and of this Act;

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Petfbft or Seewitie*mSybv Persons intitled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or affigoed. Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively, to assign or transfer.such Securities, by Indorsement on the Back thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so toties quotits; and such Alignments or Transfers, after they shall respectively be entered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, (which he is hereby required to do without Fee or Reward), shall intitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall respectively be made, and; his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benent of the Security or Securities so assigned or transferred,

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be advanced The&oney fe«r* and lent, and the Interest thereof, and all and every the Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased the.

under an 1 by virtue of this Act, shall be, and they are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and to

payable from Time to Time out of the Monies arising from the Rates and Asseflrfients to be rated and

assessed by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act; and all Persons, who shall be possessed of such Securities, shall be Creditors in equal Degree, without Preference in respect of the Priority of his, her, or their advancing the Money thereon.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Two House-keepers within the said Town and Parish of Chatham shall make Complaint, in Writing, under their Hands, to the said Commissioners of any Defect or Want of Repair in any of the Pavements of any of the said Streets or Lanes, after the same shall have been new paved or repaired by virtue of this Act; then, and in every such Case, the said sioners to order Commissioners upon such Complaint, or on their own View, shall forthwith cause the Pavement so tho fame 10 be complained of to be inspected; and if the same shall be found defective, and so reported to be to the "PavcdConw said Commissioners, they the said Commissioners shall forthwith repair, or cause the same to be rc~ House^cwK paired by their Contractor or Pavior, the Costs and Charges whereof shall be paid and home by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, before whose Estate, and to whom such Pavement shall belong; the same to be recovered of the respective- Tenant or Tenants of such Estate or Estates, or otherwise, in the same Manner, and by the same Ways and Means as are herein before directed for the Recovery of the Charges and Expences of first Paving the said Streets and Lanes: And if the Contractor or Pavior to the said Commissioners, so whom such Order shall be given, shall not, within Four Days next after the Receipt thereof, repair the said d festive Pavements; then, and in every such Case, the said Contractor or Pavior shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day that the said defective Pavements shall remain unrepaired after the Expiration of the said Four Days.

XLV. And be it further enacted, VThat the said Commissioners shall cause all Signs which now are, ors,*n» at any Time hereafter shall be, placed or hung in any Part or Parts of the said Streets and Lanes, to£‘" *r

be fixed or placed on the Fronts of such Houses respectively whereunto the same shall belong; and also'guule<*, and shall and may cause all and every Sign-irons, Sign-ports, or any other Ports, Pent-houses, Spouts, OwneriofHo«-Steps, Shop-windows, and Cellar-windows, and other Incroachments or Obstructions, Projections and set to carry oft* Annoyances, in and upon the said Streets and Lanes, or any of them, to be removed, altered, and re- the£^the* formed, in such Manner as they shall think fit; and shall and may cause all Water to be conveyed from s.dc7 oTthe* the Roofs, Eaves, Cornices, and Pent-houses, by proper and sufficient Pipes or Trunks to be fixed to HouiV*; the Sides of the House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, where to the same belongs: And in case the Owner or Occupier of any House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, in the said Town and Parish, to which any Signs, Sign-irons, Sign-ports, or any other Posts, Pcm-houses, Spouts, Steps, Shop-windows, and Cellar-window's, or other Incroachments, now or may hereafter belong, shall not,

iat the Costs and Charges of such Owner or Occupier, as the Case may be) within Fourteen )ays after Notice in Writing, shall be given to them respectively, or left at their respective Dwcl-

sing-houses, under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or under the Hand of their Clerk, or other Person to be appointed for that Purpose, remove, alter, and reform, all and every such Signs, Sign irons.

Sign-ports, or any other Ports, Pent-houses, Spouts, Steps, Shop-windows, Cellar- windows, and other ‘ Incroachments and Annoyances, in such Manner as in such Notice shall be expressed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to cause the fane to be done, and to levy, or cause to be levied, the Costs and Charges attending the same, by Diflrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner, Tenant, or Occupier, of such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, by Warrant tinJcr the Hand and Seal of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Welle;n Division of the said County or City, (which warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby

376 C. 18.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

fix Pipes, Ac, and dedud the Charges cut of their Rcot.

Persons oect-fioning Nuisan* tef, by laying Dirt, &c. and Carriages stand-

hereby reauired and authorised to grant) rendering the Overplus (if any be) when demanded, to the #r Tenants may Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold $ or, it shall and may be lawful for such Tenant or Occupier to fix up Pipes and Trunks, and also ta remove all such Annoyances, Projections, and Incroachments, and to aedu& and retain the Charges and Expences thereof, and also of any Money which shall or may be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of any such Tenant or Occupier as aforesaid, out of his or her Rent; and every Owner, Proprietor, or Landlord, is hereby required to allow the same accordingly.

XLVI. And, in order to prevent Annoyances and Obstructions in the said Streets and Lanes/ be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall drive or place any Carriage whatsoever, or shall drive any Wheelbarrow, or shall run any Wheel, or draw any Sledge upon the Foot-pavement

within the said Town and Parish; or shall throw or lay any, or shall permit or suffer to be thrown

ingVn^the Roid, or laid,' any Ashes, Dirt, Dust, Soil, Straw, Fern, Dung, or any other Filth or Annoyance what-apd permitting soever, either upon the Carriage or Foot-pavements, in any of the said Streets and Lanes within the s7ine J;,rBc said Town and Parish; or shall carelessly or wilfully break or damage the said Pavements 5 or shall set about the Streets, QUt or ]eave> or cause or procure to be set out or left, any Carriage, Timber, Stone, Cask, or any other Matter or Thing which may occasion any Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstrti£tron whatsoever, in any of the said Streets or Lanes, so as to flop, obstruct, incommode, or endanger any Person or Carriage passing the rein, for the Space of Two Hours j or shall permit or suffer any Hog or Hogs to go at large in any Street, Lane, or publicic Passage, within the said Town and Parish; or shall take or carry away the Dirt, Filth, or Rubbish, which shall be in any of the said Streets or Lanes, unless for that Purpose appointed by the said Commissioners, and shall be thereof convicted upon the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses; every Person, offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners any Sum not exceeding Ten Shil~T

to forfeit for every OlYence mot exceeding

n$LVII t^an ^FCC- killings, °*fT anc* above the Costs and Charges of such Conviction.

any Street, &c. to lorfcir, for each Otfertcf, nut exceeding 201.

No Cart, &c. to be drawn

__________And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall hoop any Cask

Pe rionshoopuig or hcw or saw> or cause to be hewed or fa wed, any Stone, Wood, or Timber; or bind, make, or re-ar.y cask, c. m pajr any Wheel; or (hoe or bleed, clean or dress, or turn or drive loose, or place any Horse; or wet, flack, or mix any Lime, or wet, mix, or make any Mortar; or shall or do assist in the making any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonefires; or set fire to, or let off, or throw any Squib, Serpent, or Rocket, or Fireworks whatsoever, in any of the Streets or Lanes within the said Town and Parish; or shall set, place, or expose to Sale, or cause, permit, or suffer to be set, placed, or exposed to Sale, any Goods, Chattels, Wares, or Merchandises whatsoever, on the Foot or Carriageways of any of the Streets or Lanes in the said Town and Parish, or any Part or Parts thereof; or hang up or expose any Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, or any Matter or Thing, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of the Foot-way or Carriage-way of any Street or Lane in the said Town and Parish 5 every Person so offending in either of the said cases, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Three Shillings.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be drawn upon any of the said new Pavements with any other Tire, or larger Number of Horse* or Beastf, than wliecuTwoier at such Time they may lawfully pass upon any Turnpike Road, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings for Penalty of 40s. every Offence, to be paid by the Owner or Driver of every such Carriage.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement within the said fwepteve* Town anc* Parish, and* (in respectc to Houses let to Inmates} every House Owner shall Once in every Sundays except- Day, (Sundays excepted) between the Hours of Eight and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, ferape, sweep, and cleanse, the Foot-way all along the Front of their Tespective Houses or Tenements, or cause the same to be feraped. swept, and cleansed; and in Default thereof shall for every such. Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Shillings, nor less that One Shilling.

L. And be it further enaacd, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Clerk, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to give Liberty and Licence to any of the Proprietors or Inhabitants within the said Town and Parish, or their Builders or Workmen, to make such Inclosure before their respective Houses in order to their pulling down, rebuilding, or repairing, the same, or any Vault, Drain, or Building, belonging thereto, and for laying t|ie necessary. Materials for the same; and the Rubbish arising therefrom; and no Person or Persons, acting under Licence and in pursuance thereof, shall, during the Time thereby to be limited, be subject or liable to any of the Penalties aforesaid.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause ev$ry House, Shop,

maye*«fe House* Warehouse, or Building, in each of the said Streets, Lanes, and publick Passages, to be marked or u be numbered, numbered in such Manner as they shall think most proper for distinguishing the fame; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, pull down, injure, obliterate, or deface, any such Description or Number, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so of-' fending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings.

Houses, &c. to LIJ. And be it further enacted, That all Houses and Buildings hereafter to be built or new-fronted ia rife per pc adieu- the said Streets and Lanes, or either of them, shall, for the effectual and absolute Prevention of all Man-lariy when built ner of projections. Annoyances, and (nconveniencies thereby, rife perpendicularly from the Founds or new fronted. tion. an(j jf any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, presume to build or new-front, or cause the same to be done, or rife otherwise than perpendicularly from the Foundation, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be 3 pulled

cd.

L?m to inclose before Houses for rebuilding an4 repairing.

Commissioners

A.D. 177a. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 1 377

pulled down and removed by any Person, Workman, or Persons, as they shall think fit, the Costs and Charges whereof shall be paid and rein\bursed to the said Commissioners or their Order, by the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Buildings, Person or Persons, ordering or directing the same.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times here- Penalty onob-after, obstruct, hinder, or molest, any Colledjtor, Clerk, or Surveyor, or other Officer or Officers, Per- Arming the son or Persons whatsoever, who are or shall be employed to put this Act in Execution, in the Perfor- Jj*11 of mance or Execution of hi? or their Duty, every such Person and Persons so offending (h^ll, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Three Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That, for the more effectual carrying this Act into Execution, the Commissioners said Commissioners, or any Surveyor or other Person to be employed by them, or any Person or Persons to be appointed or employed by such Surveyor or other Person, shall and may, and they are hereby ' impowered to dig for, take, and carry away, any Gravel, and other Materials (it and proper for the paving and covering the Pavements in the said Streets, Lanes, and publick Passages, or which they shall adjudge necessary or fitting to be used in and about the said Streets^ Lanes, and publick Passage3, or the Pavements thereof,* or for any other Purpose whatsoever in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers and Authorities herein contained, in such and the same Manner, and in and from such and the same Places, as the Surveyors of the Highways are now impowered by Law to do.

LV. And whereas a certain House, called The Round-about House, is erected on the said High Commissioners c Street, in that Part thereof which lieth in the said Parish of Saint Margaret: And whereas a certain *° widen Globe c Lane, called Globe Lane, is very narrow, incommodious, and dangerous, and it would be greatly for the Benefit of the Publick, and of His Majesty's Dock-yard, Ordnance, and Barracks in par- about House.

ticular, if several Houses in the said Lane were taken down, and the same laid open -f and it would € be also of publick Utility if the said House, called The Round-about House, was taken down / be it therefore further enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, at any Time or Times hereafter, when they shall think fit to widen the said Streets and Lanes, or any Passage or Avenue leading into or through the same, to purchase or contract for the Purchase of any Messuage or Messuages,

Lands, Grounds, or Tenements, and to pay for the same out of such Monies as they may hereafter be supplied with for that Purpose; and it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Manner of Person or Persons, and Parties any way interested in such Messuages, Lands, Grounds, or Tenements, so con traded for or agreed to be sold, whether Infants of full Age, or otherwise, to make Conveyances thereof; v/hich Conveyances, when made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever \ and all such Persons so conveyed are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, Body Politick, Cor- fiftitei m«y t* porate, or Collegiate, shall be willing to fell any Estate for the Purposes of this Act, and shall never- by a theless chuse to have the Value ascertained by a Jury, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at a General or Quarter-sessions assembled, upon Application to them made by such Person, Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and they are hereby required to order and appoint the Jury, at such Sessions assembled, to view the Premises so to be purchased, and, by a Verdict, to determine the Value thereof; which Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed and incurred, (for the Recovery and Application whereof no particular Method is already directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Western Division of the said County of Kent, which Warrant or Warrants the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to issue upon the Information of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward), and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, (if any be) when demanded, to the Person or Persons whose Goods or Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted, shall go. and be applied for such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Commissioners mall think fit: And, in wxocftcu* all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, causes, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this Act, any Iohabicant within the said Town and Parish may and shall be admitted to give Evidence; the Rate or Assessincot charged as aforesaid upon any such Inhabitant by virtue hereof notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioner who is or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Kent, may act as a Justice of the Peace for putting this Act in Execution, J

notwithstanding his being a Commissioner.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself. or selves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of the Quuttr-fcfc Relief hath been already appointed, such Person or Persons may, within Three Months after the Cause &<muT of Appeal shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter-sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the Western Division of the County of Kent, such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or causing to be given, Twenty Days Notice at Jcaft in Writing of his, her. or their*

Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Com-

VoIm XI. 3 C missioners,

378 C. 19.

Amio duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Kftreft not IN legal for want of Form.

Power to tender

Amends.

No Conviction

mlflioners, and, within Ten Days after such Notice, enter into Recognizance before some Justices of the Peace acting within the Western Division of the said County or City, with sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of the Court, and to pay such Cods as shall be awarded by the Taid Justices at such Quarter-sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed as they the said Justices shall think, proper; and the Deterroinatioa ef such. Quarter-sessions shall be binding, final, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

LX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Default or want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Tref-

Paster or Trespassers ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done by the arty or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Case,

LXI. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceeding, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed any Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings or Orders, and Judgment shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court as ip other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any wabt Tfor P^enc^cr or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing done or transacted waa o orm, Qr rejating ta the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at w u Westminster; any Law or Statute to the Contrary notwithstanding.

without Stamps.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Warrant, Or-p*der. Judgment, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, or only signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners conflicted by this Act, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before any of them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, or only signed by any other Person or Persons whatsoever relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners, or within Six Months next after the Fast committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the County of Kent^ and notelfewhere; and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions or Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act% and the Speciah Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in Pursuance and by Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to be so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid; or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Action or Actions, Suitor Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, Judgment shall he given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their, Costs in any Case at Law.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and parting this Act shall be paid out of the first Monies arising by this Act.

LXV'I. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be Judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and all-other Personi, without speciully pleading the same.

I.riTiitatron of A£bon».

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Ftpences how to be paid.

[Publick Act.]

CAP. XIX.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Houses in Fenchurch-street and Addle-street, in the City of London, escheated to the Crown by the Death of Lieutenant-general John Brown% without Heir, unto Frederick MontagUy Esquire, and his Heirs, upon the Trulls therein mentioned.

CAP.

A.D. 1177 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 20, 21. 379

CAP. XX.

An Act for the more effectual proceeding against Persons (landing Mute on their Attainment for Felony or Piracy.

[Preamble.]

FOR the more effectual proceeding against Persons standing Mute on their Arraignment for Fe-

1/ lony, or Piracy/ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person, from and after the passing of this Act, be7/

being arraigned on any Indictment, or Appeal for Felony, or on any Indictment for Piracy, shall, ratgnc<i for Pc-

upon such Arraignment, stand Mute, or will not answer directly to the Felony, or Piracy, such Per- looy, or Piracy,

Ion so star.ding Mute, as aforesaid, shall be convicted of the Felony or Piracy charged in such Indict-

ment or Appeal; and the Court before whom he shall be so arraigned shall thereupon Award Judgment m'te

and Execution agaii ft such Person, in the same Manner as if such Person had been convicted by Ver- ed*of TuV^Fe-"

did or Confession of the Felony, or Piracy, charged in such Indictment or Appeal; and such Judg- iony or Piracy.

ment shall have all the same Consequences in every Rsfpcdl as if such Person had been convicted by

Verdict or Confession of such Felony or Piracy, and judgment had. been thereupon awarded.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Privisions of this Act shall extend to His Majesty's Colonies *,

and Plantations in America. A,n'°«

CAP. XXI.

An Act for giving Relief in Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus for the Admission of Freemen into Corporations; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS divers Persons, who have a Right to be admitted Citizens, Burgesses, or Free- Preamble* men, of divers Cities, Towns Corporate, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, and Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England and JValtsy being refused to be admitted thereto, have, in many cases, no other ordinary Remedy to procure themselves to be admitted to the Franchises of being Ci- tizens, Burgesses, or Freemen, than by Writs of Mandamus^ the Proceedings on which are very di- latory and expensive; and, although any such Writ of Mandamus is obeyed, the Person applying is nevertheless put to great and unneccfluty Trouble, Delay, and Expence: And whereas by the Laws now in being, in many Case?, no Provision is made for giving Costs to the Party suing out any such Writ where the the same is obeyed; for Remedy whereof/ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, where any Person shall be intitled to be admitted a Citizen, Burgess, or Freeman, of any such City, Town Corporate, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, and shall apply to the Mayor, or other Person, Officer or Officers, in such City, Town Corporate, Borough Cinque Port, or Place, who hath or have Authority to admit Citizens, Burgesses, and Freemen therein, to be admitted a Citizen, Burgess, or Freeman thereof; and shall give Notice, specifying the Nature of his Claim, to such Mayor, or other Officer or Officers, that if he or they shall not so admit such Pe son a Citizen, Burgess, or Freeman, with One Month from the Time of such Notice, the Court of King's Bench will be applied to for a Writ of Mandamus^ to compel such Admission; and if such Mayor, or other Officer or Officers, shall, after such Notice, refuse or neglect to admit such Person, and a Writ of Mandamus dull afterwards iftiic to compel such Mayor, or other Officer or Officers, to make such Admission, and, in Obedience to such Writ, such Persons shall be admitted by the said Mayor, or other Officer or Officers, a Citizen, Burgess, or Freeman of such City, Town Corporate, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, then such Person shall (unless the Court shall fee just Cause to the Contrary) obtain and receive from the said Mayor, or other Officer or Officers, so neg‘cdling or refusing as aforesaid, all the Colls to which he shall have been put in applying for obtaining and serving such Writ of Mandamus% and enforcing the same, by a Rule to be made by the Court out of which such Writ shall issue, for the Payment thereof, together with the Cods of applying for, obtaining, serving, and enforcing the said Rule; and if the Ride so to be made shall not be obeyed, then the same (h ul be enforced in such Manner as other Rules made by the said Court are or may be enforced by Law.

II. And, in oulcr that it nviy be known what Persons are, from Time to Time, admitted Freemen or Burgesses of any City, Corporation, Borough, or Cinque Port/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Bailiff, Town Clerk, or other Officer of any City, Corporation, Borough, or Cinque Port, having the Custody of, or Power over, the Records of the same,

shall, upon the Demand of any Two Freemen or Burgesses, permit such Freemen or Burgesses, and their Agent or Agent*, at any Time whatsoever, between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and hrcc in the Af ernoon, to inspect the Entries of Admission of Freemen, Burgesses, or other inferior Corporal on*, and to take Copies or Extra<f!s therefrom, paying for every such Inspe&ion Two Shillings and Sixpence; and for every such Copy or Extract, not exceeding Seventy-two Words, the Sum of Four-pence i and so in proportion for all such Copies or Extracts: And if any Mayor,

j C i Bad iff

After AufTjft

j> *77»> inr

Person intitled to be admitted a Citizen, dec. of any City, and applying to the Mayor, &c. for that Purpose, giving him Notice, f;ectj-ng the Nature 01 lufl Claim, fee. if such May<r, &c. shall lefuf'o to asmit such Person, and a Mandamus shall issue, for con pe.’-ljr g his Adnuf-hon, the Ma>or to pay all UoiU.

Freemen to be admitted to in-lY ct\ the tin trie* of Admission, Scc. and to take Copies thereof

3S0 C. 22. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Mayor, Bailiff, Bailiff, Town Clerk, or other Officer, shall, refuse or deny the Inspection of any such Entries, or to such 8'vc Copies or Extracts thereof, as before dicefled; he or they shall, fox every such Denial or Re-Entries or to Tufal, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same; fp give copies there- be recovered, with Full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record of, stall, for ere-at Westminster 5 in which Action, it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to alledge in his Declaration, ry Refusal, for- that the Defendant or the Defendants is or are indebted to the said Plaintiff in the Sum of One hundred recorwd br*Ac- P°uruk for Money had and received to his use; provided that such Action shall be commenced within tioa of Debt, to ^e Space of One Year after the Cause of it shall have arisen, and not afterwards, be commenced

within One Voir after the Cause shall have arisen.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Ayr-y

for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers; for erecting Docks, Breads, Jettees,

and Piers; and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into and going

out Of the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Harbour of Ayr, in the County of Ayr, is not, in its present State, capable of receiving Ships or Vessels of any considerable Burthen: And whereas the Trade of the Town of Ayr, and of Newtown upon Ayr, hath of late Years considerably increased; and the Ships and Vessels employed in that Trade are more numerous, and of larger Dimensions, than heretofore: And whereas it would be of great Benefit to the said Trade, that the Harbour of Ayr was cleansed, scourcd, deepened, and otherwise improved; and that Rules and Regulations were established for Ships and Vessels coming into or going out of the said Harbour; but as these filutary Purposes cannot be obtained without the Aid of Parliament, may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Provost, Bailie*, the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Provost, Two Bailies, and Dean of Guild, of the Sec. impowered Borough of Ayr; the first Bailie of the Burgh of Barony of Newtown upon Ayr; the Sheriff Depute of ftc/the^arboi the County of Ayr% and the Convener of the Trades of Ayr, and their Successors in Office, and the Ay rj Eight other Persons after mentioned to be chosen by Ballot annually, (as herein after provided for) to

deepen, clean, scour, and preserve, the said Harbour of Ayr, and the Improvements and Additions which shall be made thereto by virtue of this present from £)irt, Mud, and other Obstructions whatsoever; and also to raise, repair, and make sufficient, or cause to be raised, repaired, and made sufficient, the Dykes, Piers, Quays, and other Works, at present belonging to the said Harbour of Ayr; and to alter and extend the lame, or any Part thereof, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall / judge to be necessary for the more effectual Improvement of the said Harbour, and for scouring and cleans-

ing the Bed and Channel of the River of y/yr, from the said Harbour to the Bay of Ayr \ and likewise to build, eredf, or cause to be built or cre&ed, in the said Harbour, Piers, Quays, Jettees, Breasts, Dock or Docks, Lock or Locks, and other necessary Works, for the Improvement of the said Harbour; and to fix and maintain such Buoys, Moorings, Lamps, Light-houses, and other Land-marks, as shall be judged necessary by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and to do, or cause to be done, such other and further Works as shall be proper and necessary for the Safety and jleception of Ships and Vessels referring to the said Harbour, and for the more convenient lading and unlading of such Ships and Vessels.

Wh* Harbour

Duties art to said.

who are annual-

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Provost, Two Bailies, and Dean of ly to be appointed Guild, of the Borough of Ayr \ the first Bailie of the Borough of Barony of Newton upon Ayr; the Troftfca. Sheriff Depute of the County of Ayr^ and the Convener of the Trades of Ayr, and their Successors in Office, and the Eight Persons before and after mentioned, (to be chosen annually by Ballot, as herein after provided for) shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this k£t in Execution, and for the better effecting the Ends and Purposes of the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of June> in the Year of Lord One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to demand, collect, receive, and take, (over and above all Duties at present fubnfting, and which are levied by the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Ayr^ on Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats, coming in or going out of the said Harbour of Ayr) of and from all and every the Masters and Owners of any Ships, vessels, Barks, and Lighters, importing into or exporting from the Harbour of Ayr, any Kind of Goods or Merchandise, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling for each and every Ton which such Ships, Vessels, Barks, and Lighters, shall measure 5 and of and from the Masters and Owners of Vessels, above the Burthen of Seventy Tons, carrying out Coals, Three-pence Sterling for each Ton the same shall measure; and for all Vessels, of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or under, carrying Coals outward-bound, Two-peqce Sterling for each Ton; and of and from the Masters or Owners of all Ships, Barks, and Lighters, arriving in the Harbour of Ayr, or put into the same by Stress of Weather, or otherwise, when neither the Ship b fold* nor any rart.of the Cargo is landed, Three-pence Sterling for each and every Ton*

IV. t

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 381

IV. Provided always, That all Ships and other Vessels, under the Burthen of Seventy Tons, com- I«Mnpt»er>i ing into the said Harbour with Limestone, or any other Manure for the Improvement of Land, and from Dotiet. going out in Ballad only, and all Vessels or Boats of Seven Tons or under, coming into the said Harbour

with Fife, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, exempted from the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed; and that all Ships and other Vessels, for which the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed shall be paid on coming into the said Harbour, shall be permitted to depart from the same, without paying the said Rates and Duties a Second Time.

V. And be it also further enacted, That the Matters and Owners of all Ships, Vessels, Barks, s* and Vef-and Lighters, trading to and from the said Harbour, and liable to the Payment of the Rates and Du- ^isto bc tics by this Act imposed, shall permit and suffer the said Ships, Vessels, Barks, and Lighters, tobe*urCvJi measured by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall, from Time to Time,

appoint for that Purpose; and shall pay the Rates and Duties aforesaid according to such Measurement i and that every Owner or Matter aforesaid who shall refuse to have his or their Ship, Veil'd, M Ow Bark, or Lighter, measured as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, respectively forfeit and pay "err refufr» to to the said Trustees the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling. 01 Clt 5

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful tp and Truster# to ap-for the said Trustees to nominate and appoint a Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for P°>®«; Colleaort, levying the Hates and Duties by this Act granted, and such other Officers and Servants as they shall R^VQrj-judge necessary to be employed under them for carrying the same into Execution; and, from Time to ot cerv Time, to remove such Officers and Servants, or any of them, and to appoint others in their Stead; and to settle and to settle such reasonable Fees or Salaries for them as to the said Trustees shall appear to be just

and proper: And that all and every the Collectors and Receivers of the said Rates and Duties shall ^keto^o*

keep fair and regular Books and Accounts of all Monies received under the Authority of this Act, p

(which Books and Accounts shall be open and patent to the said Trustees, at all Times when they

m ill demand Inspection of the same) and shall pay and dispose thereof in such Manner as by the said Trustees shall bc directed; and that the Col led or or Collectors, Person or Persons, so to be

appointed to receive the said Rates and Duties, and all and every of them, shall give good and sufficient Security to the said Trustees, for answering and paying the Monies arising from the same, and which shall be by him or them respectively collected or received, and shall make Oath to the Truth of his or their Accounts so often as required; and that it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees to let

in Lease, to the best Bidder or Bidders, at publick Roup or Sale for that Purpose appointed, and ad-

vertised in all the Edinburgh and Glofgoux Newspapers Two several Times, Fourteen Days at least

before such Roup or Sale, the Rates and Duties aforesaid, for any Term or Space not exceeding Three

Years.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby General At-required, annually, at their General Meeting, which will be held on the First lVednefd<n of June in count* °J, ?c" every Year, to make up, and prepare a general State and Account of all the Receipts and Payments for *"0 the Year immediately preceding, and an Account of all the Debts and Sums of Money which they owe^,

at the Time, and on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of the same Month, to affix, or c&use to be affix* ed, such State and Accounts, (signed by the Prefes of the aforesaid General Meeting) on One of the most publick and accessible Places within the Custom-house of Ayry for the Inspection of all Persons having an Interest in the same.

VIII. And to prevent any Delay or Evasion in the Payment of the Rates and Duties aforesaid/ be touting the P*y-k further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day ofy*, One thou- of ,h* inland seven hundred and seventy-two, there shall bc produced to the Collector, or other Officers of His *> to bc

Majesty's Customs at Ayr, by the Matter or Owners of every Ship, Vessel, Bark, or Lighter, coming pTCVCQt into, or failing out of, the said Harbour of A*ry or liable in the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, a Receipt, or other sufficient Voucher of the Payment of the said Rates and Duties; and that, until such Production bc made, and the Collector or other Officers aforesaid shall be satisfied with the same, the said Collector and other Officers shall not take or receive any Entry or Cocket, or other Discharge or Clearance, or take any Report outward of any Ship, Vessel, Bark, or Lighter, Foreign or British, liable or subject to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds Sterling.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Hkrbour Duti« said Trustees, and to such Person and Persons as shall be for that Purpose authorised by them, to go on tofbef,^i*d board any Ship, Bark, Lighter, or Vessel, and to take the Dimensions thereof; and to demand, collect, and receive from any Owner, Matter, or other Person having the Charge of any Ship, Bark, Lighter, or w Vessel, the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, and made due and payable; and in case of Delay or Refusal of Payment, to seize, take, and detain, preferable to, and notwithstanding of, an Attachment,

Arrestment, or other Right whatsoever claimable by or due to any other Person or Persons, any of the Goods, Merchandise, Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, of or belonging to any such Ship, Bark, Lighter, or other Vessel, and the same to detain and keep until the said Duty and Duties be satisfied and paid \ and that in case of any Neglect or Delay in the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, for the Space of Three Days after such taking, seizing, or detaining, as aforesaid, it shall and may be then lawful to and for the said Trustees, and to and for such Person and Persons authorised by them as aforesaid, to cause the same to be appraised by Two or more sufficient Persons; and afterwards to sell and dispose of the Goods and other Effects so taken and appraised, and therewith to satisfy the Duty and Duties so neglected or delayed to be paid, together with the Charge of such seizing, taking, detaining, and felling (as the same shall be ascertained by the Sellers upon Oath) rendering to the

x % Matter

3#2 C. 2 2.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1.772*'

f Ofcftra&iont in the Harbour to: -he removed.

Matter or Owners of such Ship, Bark, Lighter, or other Vessel, or Owners of such Goods, the Overplus, (if any he) on Demand.

Maften, 8cc. of X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Master, Commander, or other Sb paevading the Person, taking *pon hirr.self the Command, or appearing to be Matter or Commander, or any Owner, Payment of Do- Factor> Gr Consignee, of any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, shall, at any Time from the Commencement uc«, to forfeit 5]. of this Act, elude or avoid the Payment of any Rates and Duties hereby granted, by any Method whatsoever, every such Master, Commander, or other Person aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit unto the said Trustees the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, and shall notwithstanding ttand charged with, and be liable to, the Payment of the said Rates and Duties.

Trtfteej m*y Xf. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall and may. and borrow Money, thCy aFe hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding at any One Time the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds Sterling, and to grant, assign, and set over, the several Rates, Duties, and Tonnage, given and granted by this Act, to any Person or Persons whatsoever who shall be willing to advance and lend Money thereon, for securing the Payment of the same, with Interest, respectively; and that the Money, so to be borrowed and advanced, shall be employed for the Ends and Purposes of this Act, and not otherwise.

'Rates and Duties

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and Sums of Mo-fter piyjnp E^- ney which shall be levied and received from the Rates and Duties aforesaid, and which shall be reco-to^c'appicd in* *ered for Forfeitures incurred under and by virtue of this Act, shall by the said Trustees (after paying improving the the Kxpervoe of this Act) be applied for and towards the deepening, clearing, scouring, enlarging, and 'Hiibo«r. improving, maintaining, and cleaning, the Harbour of Ayr from all Dirt and Mud, and other Obstructions whatsoever, and for keeping and preserving the same clean; and for and towards making, eroding, building, and finishing such Docks, Piers, Quays, and Jettces, and other Works, in the Manner di-reded, appointed, and provided by this Act; and for executing and performing all necessary Works, and paying the Officers and Servants to be employed in and about or concerning the same, and towards the Payment and Discharge &f such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be borrowed by the said Trustees upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, in Manner as herein-before mentioned, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XIII. And whereas it "will tend greatly to the Improvement of the said Harbour, and to the Ac- ccrmmodation of the Publick, that the said Trustees had Power and Authority to nominate and appoint a Water Bailiff and Shore Master, for taking Care of, and superintending the said Harbour, and the Docks, Piers, Quays, and other Works, already made and to be made Ixy virtue this Act, within the same; and that the said Trustees, and the Water'Bailiff and Shore Master, and Officers appointed by them the said Trustees, had Power and Authority to remove, after reasonable Notice to the Person or *4 Persons immediately interested, all unnecessary Obstructions within the said Harbour and Docks, and upon the Piers and Quays belonging to the same; and to order and regulate, with respe<3 to the Sta- tions and Places of Mooring of the Ships and other Vessels within the said Harbour and Docks, and with respect to the Time of Continuance upon the said Docks, Piers, Quays, and others aforesaid, of Goods and Merchandise, or others whatsoever; and to make such other Bye-laws, Orders, and Rc- gulations, for the better Government and Management of the said Harbour, as to them the said Tru-4-(tees shall seem meet and expedient / be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in General Meetings assembled, shall have Power, and they are hereby Empowered and authorised, from Time to Time, and at all Times, as they shall see Occasion, to elect, nominate, and appoint a Bailiff and Shore Master for the Care and superintending of the said Harbour, and the Docks, riers. Quays, and other Works within the same; and to change and remove such Bailiff and Shore Master, and to appoint others in his or their Stead, under such Orders, Conditions, and Regulations, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at General Meetings assembled as aforesaid, shall seem proper and necessary.

XIV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Ship, Bark, Lighter, Boat, or Vessel, which shall be laid by as unfit for further Sea Service, or neglected by the Owner, shall not be permitted to be and remain in auy of the Docks, Piers, and Quays, erected within the said Harbour, lb as 40 incumber the same; but thr-t in every such Case, it shall and may he lawful to and for the Water Bailiff or Shore Master, nominated by the said Trustees for the said Harbour, immediately to cause such Ship, Bark, Lighter, Boat, or Vessel, so unfemccable or neglected, to be, at the Expence of the Owner or Owners of the same, removed from the said Docks, Quays and Piers, or any of them, and to lay the said Ship or other Vessel on any Part of the said River of Ayr, or up on the Strand or Sea Shore within the High Water Maik, or any other Place of Safety without the said Harbour, and there to moor such Ship or other Vessel; and that, on or before Demand of Payment is made by such Water Bailiff or Shore Master from the Owner or Owners, Master or Agents of such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel of the Charge of removing and mooring Inch Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, as aforesaid, such Charges and Expences shall be first seen and allowed by the Provost, or One of the Bailies of the said Borough of Ayr, for the Time being: And that in case of Refusal or Neglect of Payment of such Charges and Expences allowed as aforesaid, for the Space of Five Days after a Demand shall be made; tnen, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Water Bailiff or Shoie Master to levy Inch Expences by Distress and Sale of such Ship, Bark, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, or any of her Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture, or any Part tthej.eof, rendering the Overplus, if any there be, (after deducting the Charge of taking, keeping, and

1 Sale

Ship* unservice rble nvt to lie -/in the Decks, ^Piers, ice.

A.D. 1772 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 2 2, 38-3

Sale of such Distress) to the Owner or Owners, Matter, Faflor, or Agent, of such Ship, Bark,

Lighter, Boar, or Vessel, whenever the same shall be demanded.

XV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to, and in the

Power of any Person or Persons who shall have landed, and caused to be landed, and laid any Goods *rf» above or Merchandise, Timber, Wood of any Kind, Matts, Yards, Pumps, Boats, Anchors, Cables, t ceruio Time, Cask Guns, Ballast, Paving-stones, Lime-stones, Slates, Soapers Watte, Dung, or Manure, or any Other Thing, (other than Materials for the necessary Repair of the Docks, Piers, and Quays before mentioned, and for immediate Use in Shipping) upon any of the Docks, Piers, and Quays, or Landing-places, within the said Harbour, or in any of the adjacent Streets and Avenues leading to the said Docks, Quays, and Piers, or any of them, to continue or permit the same, or any Part thereof, to remain and lie thereon for any longer Time than Forty-eight Hours; and that in all Cases where the said Goods, or others aforesaid, shall have so continued beyond the Space of Forty-eight Hours, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Water Bailiff or Shore Matter for the Time being, to remove, or cause to be removed, all such Goods and other Things as he shall so find lying, continuing, °^ce" to and being on the said Docks, Quays, and Piers, and other Places, above the said limited Time, to some Place or Places of Safety, and therein to detain and keep the same till Payment of the Charges owner*., of such Removal and Detention, and of such Consideration besides, to the said Officers for their Trouble in and about the same, as the Provott, or One of the Bailies of the said Borough of Ayr, shall think reasonable; and if such Charges and Expences shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days after Demand made thereof by the said Water Bailiff or Shore Matter; then, and in every such Case, he and they resp:£Hvely are hereby authorised and required to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the said Goods and Cattels so respectively secured, and to render the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner, or Owners of such Goods, Merchanriife, and others aforesaid, (the Charges of taking, keeping, and making the Sale, being deducted and allowed) whenever the same shall be demanded.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall and may, TnilWei mi? and they are hereby authorised and impowered, out of any of the Rates and Duties aforesaid, to rent or

hire, by the Year or otherways, any convenient Warthouse, Yard, or other Place, for the receiving and "*

safe- keeping or lodging of such Goods, and other Things so to be removed from off the Quays and other

Places as aforesaid, or to inclose, erect, or build, any such Yard, Warehouse, or other Buildings, on

their own Ground, or on Ground to be purchased by them, as to them shall seem raoft meet and fitting.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Ro-°®*P°wde^ fin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, ?!

T allow, Grcafe, Shavings of Wood, or other such combustrble Things, shall be suffered to be and re- ta#remiinon main on the Docks, Quays, and Piers aforesaid, already constructed, or hereafter to be constructed, QuayiorPicrt within the said Harbour of Ayr, or in any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship or Vessel in the »t>ove ceruia said Docks, Piers, and Quays, lying in the Harbour aforesaid, for abovj the Space of Twenty-four Tiroe>

Hottfs next after patting the Custom-house Officers; and that in case such Goods and Things cannot be conveniently removed or got off from such Docks, Quays, Place or Places, by Day-light, that then and in Pror«r every such Case, the Owners of such Goods and Things shall bs obliged, and are hereby reauired to set Perfect*a--and maintain, at their own Expence, a sufficient Number of careful, discreet, and sober Persons, to o/fof/clt guard and watch over the same, for such and so many Hours, according to the Season of the Year, as l0j/ the said Water Bailiff, or Shore Matter, shall signify and appoint: And in case the Owner or Owners of such Goods and other T hings, or the Matter or Matters of Ships, Baiks, or other Vessels, shall make Default herein, every such Owner or Owners, Matter, or M^te, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling.

XVIII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or the said Water Ships, tec. way. Bailiff, or Shore Matter of Ayr for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as they shall autho- be removed tv ok rife and appoint, shall and may, and he and they are hereby authorised and impowered, when and so one Bmh l*-often as he or they shall judge necessary, to remove, or cause to be removed, any Ship, Vessel, Bark, *n0 cr* Lighter, or Boat, lying in any of the Entrances or Passages of the said Harbour of Ayry or at any Dock,

Quay, Pier, and Brcatt, already built, or hereafter to be built, by virtue of this A<ff, or in any other Part of the said Harbour, from the Birth or Lying-place at which they shall rbfpcctively happen to be. stationed or moored at the Time, to any other Birth, or Lying-place, as he or they shall think proper:

And in case the Matter, Mate, or any other Person, having and taking the Command and Charge of the Masters, &c. said Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, shall, after Notice given him in Writing or left in Writing, re, ufmr f° re* on Boa d the Shipor Vessel intended to be moved. Twelve Hours before the Time of Removal, by the c*

said Trustees, or by the said Water Bailiff' or Shore Matter, or such other Person or Persons as the said to lor-

Trutte. s shall appoint, neglect, or refuse to move, or cause to be removed, during the first High Water or f«t T ide after such Notice, such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, from her said 1 ir-th tofocho’her Birth cr Mooring-places as are or shall be appointed unto them by the said Trustees, Water Bailiff, or Shore Matter, or any other Person authorised by the said Trustees, that th:n the said Trustees, or the Water Bailiff or Shore Matter, or any other Person or Persons they shall order or appoint, shall have Power, and are hereby directed and impowered, immediately after such Notice, Neglect, or Refusal, to remove, or cause to be removed, such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, laying as aforesaid, from their pre-font Birth and Mooring-place, to such other Births, or Mooring-place, as the said Trustees, or Water Bailiff, or Shore Mailer, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, shall judge proper; and that the Matters, Commanders, Owners, and Consignees, of such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, and Boat, so to be removed as aforesaid, shall-reflectively pay to the said Trustees, all such Costs and Charges as shall ba

reasonably.

384. C. 22.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

have the Preference atto the Birth and Discharge j

reasonably expended in removing such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat; to be recovered, levied, and applied in like Manner as the forfeitures and Penalties imposed by this Act are herein after ordered to be recovered, levied, and applied: And that every Master, Commander, Mate, or other Person, taking upon himself the Command of any Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, or the Owner, Factor, Con^ signee, or Agent, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall obstruct or hinder the Removal of any such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of

Vessel* famine Twenty Pound* StCfluig.

into the Harbour XIX. v And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Vessel shall in Distress, to arrive or come into the said Harbour of Ayr in Distress, or meet with any Misfortune in the Bay of Ayr% or in the Harbour aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Provost, or any One of the Bailies of the said Burgh of yAr, upon a Petition to him in Writing, by the Master, Commander, or Owner of any such Ship or Vessel, or Owner of any Goods on board of such Ship or Vessel and upon Proof being made before him of such Distress, to give a Preference to such Ship or Vessel, being in Distress as aforesaid, both as to the Births at the Docks, Piers, and Quays, and as to the Course of or the Mtt«r discharging, to any other Ship or Vessel arrived before her in the Harbour aforesaid } and that every forefy*fist«fap- Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, lying within the Harbour of Ayr* who shall refuse or iC 20 delay to comply with the Order of the said Provost, or Bailie, in favour of the Ship or Vessel in Dif-r tress as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling; to be levied and applied in the Manner hereafter directed.

Mastertof Vef-

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Captain, Matter, or Com-

zander of every Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel, that shall go in at, or through the Gates of the said enter the Docks^ Docks, shall, before such Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel shall enter the same, lower or take'down or forfeit 5L her Sails, so that such Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel, shall not go in failing or under Sail; and that every Captain, Matter, or Pilot, taking the Care or Command of every such Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel, neglecting to lower or take down the same as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Ball aft, &c. not to the Trustees, the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling.

to be thrown in-

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Fitft Day of ta the Harbour, Juniy One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall not be lawful to any Person or Persons, r forfeit 40. to throw or empty any Ballast, Dust, Ashes, or Rubbish, Shingle, Stones, or other Things into the said Harbour, or to dig and take away any Ballast, Shingle, Stones, or other Things from within the same, to the Hurt or Prejudice of the said Harbour, or of the Works eretfted, or to be erefled, for the Security and Accommodation of the same, or to do any other Act or Deed to prejudice or annoy the same, or any Part thereof, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings Sterling for every such Offence.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons who shall

- or may hereafter have Occasion to throw or cast out any Ballast from out of any Ship or other Vessel*

immediately, or upon any Dock, Quay, Pier, or Bread, or other Place in or about the said Docks, Quays, Piers, or forfeit400. Breads, or other Works made, or to be made, as before mentioned, belonging to the said Harbour,

shall not suffer the same to be and remain on the said Docks, Quays, riers, Breads, or other Places, but shall immediately after, cart and carry away, or cause the same to be carted and carried away, to such Place or Places, as the Water Bailiff or Shore Matter aforesaid shall for such Purposes provide and appoint, on Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, Forty Shillings Sterling.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter or Owner of any Ship, Bark,

ejw Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, lying or trading in the Harbour of Ayr, (hdl be, and is hereby mad,e

gn'done by their answerable to the said Trustees, for the Amount or Value of any Damage or Mischief that shall be done Crew*. by any of the Servants, Boatmen, Bargemen, or Watermen, on board the same, to any of the Docks,

Piers, Quays, Breads, or other Works, already constructed, or that shall be conttru&ed, by virtue of this Act, with full Costs of Suit} and that such Damages and Cods shall be sued for and recovered in Manner herein after directed.

Shore M*fler to

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Water Bailiff or Shore Matter, nq-knfpeft State of minated and appointed by the said Trustees for the said Harbour of Ayr, shall be, and he or they is and eke Harbour. are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, and at all Times after the passing of this Act, carefully to inspect into the State of the said Docks, Piers, Quays, Breads, and other Places within the said Harbour, and to prevent, as far as his or their Power shall extend, any Offences made punishable by this Act from being committed \ and that in case of any wilful Neglect or Default therein, the said Water Bailiff or Shore Matter respectively, shall forfeit and pay Twenty Shillings Sterling for each and every such Offence.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to the said Trustees, or any Collector to be appointed by them for receiving any Part of the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, to prosecute and recover the several Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and

Costs of Suit, by this present Act imposed, in all such Cases where the Sum to be recovered shall

amount to Five rounds Sterling or upwards, by Action, Bill, Complaint, or Information, within Six

Months after such Offence is committed, before Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County of

Ayr% or any other Judge competent for civil Actions within whose Jurisdiction the Offender or Offenders shall reside or be apprehended; and that the said Justices of the Peace, or other Magistrate afort-said, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required to proceed to the Trial of such Offences in a summary Way 5 and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders by their own Confession, or by the Oath ot One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to award and give such Ordeis, Judgments, and Decrees, as to th>m shall seem mod agreeable to the true intent and Meaning of this Act} and that in

Default

Ball*ft throw* on the Quay* to be removed

Matters of Yes-Jels made answerable for Datna-

F'nei and Forfeitures above 51 how to be recovered and applied*

C.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 22. 385

Default of Payment of the several Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs of Suit herein before enacted, which shall be awarded and ordered by the said Magistrates, the Person or Persons which shall be convicted of any of the Offences before described shall and may be sent by them to the Prison or House of Correction neared to the Place where the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, and there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time not exceeding Six Months, as such Magistrate or Magistrates shall direct; and that the whole Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures aforesaid, which shall be recovered by the said Trustees, or their Collectors, as aforesaid, after Deduction of the necessary Charges of recovering the same, shall be applied for and towards the building, making, erecting, maintaining, and repairing the Work or Works aforesaid, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoeverr

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every other Penalty, Fine, and ? herFine^&ev Forfeiture imposed, and which shall be incurred by Virtue of this A<5(, and not amounting to the Sum y^to c of Five Pounds Sterling, shall and may be sued for, and recovered by the said Trustees, or any Collector appointed by them, before the Provod, or One of the Bailies, of the Borough of Ayr’, or any One Justice of Peace within whose Jurisdiction the Offender or Offenders b fore mentioned shall be apprehended or reside for the Time, by Action, Bill, Complaint, or Information, made in that Behalf, within Six Months after such Offence shall have been committed; and that the said Provod,

Bailief or Justice of Peace aforesaid, shall have Power, and he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to pr'occed to the Trial of such Offences summarily; and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders in any of the Ways before mentioned, to give such Orders, Judgments, and Decrees, as to him or them shall seem mod agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and in Default of Payment of the several Fines, Forfeitures, and others last mentioned, so to be awarded by the said Provod, Bailie, or Justice of the Pe ccj the Person which shall be convicted as aforesaid shall and may be sent by the said Provod, Bailie, or Justice of the Peace, to the mareft Prison or House of Correction, for such Time as the said Judges shall direct, not exceeding Three Months; and that the said pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, after Deduction of ttfe rcccssary Charges of recovering the same, shall be applied. One Half thereof to the Use of the Informer, and the other Half to the repairing and maintaining of the said Harbour of Ayr.

XXVII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the Peace, Penalties mav Provod, Bailie, and other Judges aforesaid, or any of them, by whom such Judgment, Sentence, or mitigated. Determination, d all be given, pronounced, or made, from Time to Time, where they fee Cause, to mitigate, compound, or lessen, any of the Penalties or Forfeitures aforesaid, as he or they, in his or their Discretion, shall think fit, so as such Mitigation or Composition do not extend to remit above One Moiety of the Penalty inflicted and directed to be levied by this Act; and that every such Mitigation or Composition shall he a sufficient Discharge for the Persons offending respedUvdy, for so much of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be so mitigated, leifcned, or remitted.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and fer Trustrcs iirpow* the said Trustees, or their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Servants, to open Stone Quarries, Sand, ^icdloi'Pcn Clay, and Gravel Pits, and to dig, take, gather, and carry away, from such Quarries and Pits* any j^distoVsIodr Stone, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, in and out of any Waite or Common Grounds lying *c. in Waste within Two Miles of the said Harbour of Ayr, for carrying on, executing, and repairing, the several Ground^ Docks, Piers, Quays, ami Breasts, and other Works already built in the said Harbour, or authorised to be builr, by virtue of this Act, without paying any Thing for such Waite and Common Ground, opened and used as aforesaid, the said Trustees being obliged, at their own Expence and Charge, to fill Up and level all such Holes and Pits which shall be made in such Common or Waste Ground, by quarrying, digging, and carrying away Stone, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials aforesaid, as soon as they 4iall have no further or immediate Use for the same: And that in case the said Trustees shall judge it improper and inconvenient to open, dig, and carry away Stones and Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, from the Waste or Common Ground, ard that sufficient Materials for the Purposes aforesaid cannot easily be got from the same, that then it shall and may be lawful to and in the Option of the said Trustees, their for want of

Deputies, Agents, Officers, or Servants, to open Quarry, and dig such Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials aforesaid, and to carry the same in and out of the Grounds of any Person or Persons, uithin Two Miles of the said Harbour of Ayr, (not being Ground on which Hands any Houses, Or®und* may be Carden, Orchartl, Planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House) where such Materials are or used, may he found, and, from Time to Time, to cause the same to be carried off, or so much thereof as the said Trustees, and their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Servants, shall judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and for keeping the said Works in good Order and Repair, the said Trustees making reasonable Satisfaction for die Damage done to the Surface of the said Grounds, and for the makingSatiirar. Value of the said Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, which shall be so carried out of tiwi 10 u*nci*' the said Grounds, to the Proprietors, Life-renters, Tacksmen, and other Parties interdled in such-Grounds to which such Damage shall bt done or occasioned, or Mateiiuls taken away in Manner aforef uJ.

XX(X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Roacimtybc the fai l Trustees, and iruir Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Servants, to make, use, and maintain, j"ad*to 'Jc Roads from the said Waite and Common Ground, or other Grounds aforesaid, opened for quarrying ^mon ©/pX and digging-Stonts, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, from the said Pits and Qarries so to be yate, opened as aforesaid, directly to ti c Harbour of Ayr, and to make the same through any Grounds be- *c. longing to any Person or Persons whatsoever, (not being the Grounds on which lunds any House, or any Garden, Orchard, Walk or Walks planted, or Avenue to any house) the fold Trustees making

Vol. XI, 3D. icaforuvbls~

386 C. 22.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Perfoat leading Money for tke Purpose of the Ad, intitled to a Share in the Management^ Ac.

reasonablfc Satisfaction for the Damage done to the Ground through vtfhich the said Road or Roads pass, to the Proprietort Life-renter, Tacksman, and other Parties^opcerned and interested in such Grounds ' to which Damage shall be done or occasioned as aforesaid.;

Perfom wilfully

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatso-dearoying any of ever after the passing of this Act, maliciously, wilfully, or wantonly demolish, breakdown, de-

id^dgedEuihyof ^r°y» w on Fire, any of the Docks, Locks, Jettees, Piers, Quays, Breads, Gates, Bridges, Land-felony, and may marks, or Buoys, or any Lights or Light-houses, or other Works, constru£ted or to be constructed, in be transporied. or belonging to the said Harbour of Ayr, or shall maliciously, wilfully, or wantonly, ?Xtinguish or put out any of the Fires or Lights ufeid in the said Light-houses, and others aforesaid; every such Person or Persons so offending shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court and Courts by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be inaided and tried, shall and have hereby Power and Authority t6 transport such Felon or Felons, for the Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

Trustew, at a

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and, may be lawful to gnd General Meet- for the said Trustees, at any Time or Times hereafter, in General Meetings assembled, to ipake, or-ing, may make dain, and establish, such Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, for the better deepening, clearing, cleansing. Bye-laws, *«. and keeping in Repair the said Harbour of Ayr, and for the better regulating, governing, and managing, the Docks, Piers, Quays, Jettees, and every other the Works erected, and to be erected, made or let up, in the Harbour aforesaid, and for the better executing the other Purposes of this Act* and also, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require; to repeal, add to, amend, or alter, such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, as to them shall seem rood fitting and requisite, and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, for the Non-observance, or other Breach, of all or any such Rules pr Bye-laws, or any Part of them; to be recovered and applied in such Manner, and according to the Penalties under Five Pounds Sterling are ordained to be recovered, levied, and applied; and the said Trustees shall cause the said Rules, Orders* and Bye-laws, to be printed and distributed, and hung up at the rood conspicuous Place of the Custom-house of Ayr, and to pay the Expence and Charge thereof out of the Rates and Duties aforesaid.

XXXII. And whereas it is reasonable that the Person or Bodies Politick or Corporate, from whom Money shall be borrowed for the Purposes of carrying this present Act into Execution, should have a Share in the Execution of the same, and in the Management and Superintendence of the said Harbour of Ayr, and of the Docks, Piers, Quays, or other Works already constructed, or to be constructed, within the same, so lo long as the said Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall continue Creditors upon the Rates.and Duties by this Act granted ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon the First Wednesday of June, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and upon the First Wednesday of June in every following Year, there shall be held, within the ordinary Court-house of the Burgh of Ayr, an annual Meeting of all such Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate who shall have contributed and lent, or shall have entered into Engagements to contribute and lend any Sum or Sums of Money (not under One hundred Pounds Sterling lawful Money of Great Britain for every such Person or Body Politick or Corporate respectively, for carrying the rur-poses of this present Act into Execution, upon the Credit and Security of the Races and Duties bvuhe same Act granted ;) and that the Persons, at such annual Meetings assembled, (possessed respectively at ft toe Time of the Qualification aforesaid} shall then and there have Power, and are hereby impowered, *authorised, and required, to elect and chuse, out of their own Number, Eight Persons to be Trustees for carrying the Purposes of this present Act into Execution, jointly and equally with the Provost, Two Bailies, and Dean of Guild, of the Borough of Ayr, the First Bailie of the Borough of Barony of Newtown upon Ayry the Sherrift-dc pute of the County of Ayr, and the Convener of the Trades of Ayr, as before mentioned; and that every Person, or Body Politick or Corporate, possessed at the Time of the Qualification aforesaid, shall have and give a single Vote or Voice for every Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling by him, her, or them, so contributed, or engaged to be contributedIs and that any Person, properly authorised by Bodies Politick or Corporate, posteifed of the aforesaid Qualification, shall have and give the Votes and Voices of such Bodies Politick and Corporate; and that the &id Election shall be made by Ballot, and by Plurality of Votes, among the Personapresent so balloting; and that the Eight Persons so chosen, at every such annual Meeting, shall be, and continue fronvthenceforth*and until the First Wednesday of June immediately following, Trustees (jointly and equally with the other Persons before named) for carrying this present Act into Execution.

XXXIII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be held Four General Meetings of the said Trustees, within the said ordinary Court-house of the Borough of Ayr, upon every First Wednesday of June, First Wednesday of September, Fir & Wednesday of December, and First JVtd-nfday of March, during the Currency of this present Act; and that the First of the said General Meetings shall be held upon the First Wednesday of June, One thousand seven hundred and sevency-two; and that the said Trustees shall have Power, and are hereby impowered, to adjourn to such other Times and Places as to them, or to the Majority of them, at such quarterly Meeting assembled, shall seem meet and expedient; and in all such Meetings the Provost or lenior Magistrate of the Borough of Ayr, present for the Time, shall preside; and, beside his Vote in common with the other Trustees, shall, in Cases of Equality, have a casting or decisive Voice.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, in General Meetings assembled, may, and they are hereby impowered, with Con lent of the Lenders of Money aforesaid.

and may cfcafe Jriteei.

Time and Plica of the General Mecnngi.

fcu*ics may be Jessened.

to

A.D. 177a. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 23. 387

to lessen and reduce the aforesaid Rates and Duties granted by this Act, as they shall judge reason-able and expedient, and the State of the said Rates and Duties wiJl permit.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and all the Powers Commencement and Authorities of the same, and the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall commence and take and Continuance place from and after the First Day of June% One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and shall'of the Aa* continue from thenceforth for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and until the End of the then next

enfuine Sessions of Parliament.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Suit or Action it may b« plea-shall be commenced against the said Trustees, or any other Person or Persons, for any Thing done in ded Actiona pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Suit or Action, may produce this Act, ®rouShu and plead that, the said Things were done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it

shall appear so to be done, that then the Defendants shall be absolved from every such Suit, Action or Actions, and shall have Double Costs and Expences in the Defence thereof awarded to them, from and against the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of the same. ‘

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the*)

Peace, Judges, and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and all other Officers and Executioners of the Law whatsoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and assisting <ut,°*

in putting this Act into due and effectual Execution: And that this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all the Courts of Law and Equity, as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors 5 and for indemnifying the Marshal of the King's Bench Prison from Prosecutions at Law, for certain Escapes from the said Prison.

WHEREAS many Persons, by Losses, and other Misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying Pitimto*

their whole Debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost Satisfaction they can, and ( many of them are able to serve His Majesty by Sea or Land, yet are detained in Prison by their Creditors, or have been forced to go into Foreign Parts out of this Realm: And whereas such unhappy Debtors have always been deemed the proper Objects of publick Compassion; and, by several Acts of Parliament, have been discharged on the Conditions in such Acts mentioned: For the Relief there- fore of Insolvent Prisoners and Fugitives, who shall comply with the Terms contained in this Act, to be respectively observed by them, and faithfully discover, upon Oath, and deliver up and assign, all their Effects and Estates whatsoever for the Benefit of their Creditors; and to prevent, as far as possible,

the many Frauds and Abuses which, in a great Measure, have obstructed the good Ends of such Acts be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Gaoler, or Keeper of any Prison, Alphabetical in any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, shall, is, and Lift* to be made are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect Lift, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of ?ut of Prisoner* all and every Person or Persons who, upon the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and JJc£tu^iaJ,orf seventy-two, was or were, or at any Time (ince have been, and at the Time of making out every such List shall be, really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners, in the Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper that Date; Fitft of any Prison respectively, upon any Process whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, Day of Jan. Sum or Sums of Money, Contempt, or otherwise, and an Account of the Time when such Prisoner or *7T» the Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody, or received in Prison, together with the Name and at

or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are de- whole Suit* The tained; and shall deliver the same to the Justices of the Peace, at their First or Second General or Ge- brae to be deii-neral Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held after the passing of this Act, or at some Adjournment to the thereof, for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively. Quarter Session*.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of His Majesty's Prison of the Fleet and Marshal of The Watden of the King’s Bench Prison, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such List of Prisoners in their re- «* ^eet, and spedive Custody, take an Oath in the open Court of such General or General Quarter-session of the ^0*che Peace, or at some Adjournment thereof, to the Effect following (that is to say) pr, ron, to :ak-

the following Oath on delivering in il*i* LuU.

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted and contained in the First Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the First day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, really and truly Prisoners, in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol of [infrt the Name of the Prison] at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; and also, that all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or a;c in- ferted or contained in the Second Part or the said Lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, h ive, since the said first Day of January* One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, been committed or surrendered to the kid Gaol or Prison of [insert the Name of the Gaol or Prison] at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively iLcmioned; except such Person

g88 <C. 23. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

or Persons who is or are in such List particularly mentioned and described to have died, been discharged, or removed to some other Prison, by Process of Law, since the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and also except such Person or Persons who is or are in such List particularly mentioned and described to have been permitted to have gone out of the said Prison, by Day Rules of the Court of [Common Pleas, or King's Bench, as the Case shall be] since the 41 said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, to transact their Affairs; and also except such Person or Persons who is or are therein also particularly mentioned and de- feribed to have, upon the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, or since, been in the Rules of the said Prison [of the Fleet, or King's Bench, as the Case frail he] by Leave of the [Warden, or Marfjal of the said Prison, as the Case shall be] and have, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, really and truly, everiince, continued and remained in actual Custody in the said Prison [of the Fleet, or King's Bench, as the Case shall be] or the Liberties thereof, at the Suit or Suits of the several Persons in the said Lift respectively mentioned [and if any Prisoners have,' since the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, escaped out of either of the said Prisons then insert] except [insert the Name or Names of the Prisoner or Prisoners who have escapedJ who, without my Knowledge, Privity, or Consent, hath or have escaped out of the said Prison of and that the said Lift is a true, exact, perfect, and just Lift, of all such Persons who were really and truly PrisonetS in actual Custody in the said Gaol or Prison of on the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-

two, and who, since the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, have been committed to, and really have been, and now is or are Prisoner or Prisoners in actual *4 Custody in the said Gaol or Prison of or the Liberties thereof; and

that none of such Prisoners, to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, have, voluntarily, or with Design, or in Expectation to take any Benefit from or under any Act of Parliament to be made for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, surrendered themselves,* or been committed to the said Prison, or got their Names entered as Prisoners in the Books of the said Prison; or since the same Pjift Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, to my Knowledge, or with my Privity', have reiided out of the said Prison of or the Rules thereof [but if any have so

done, add, except naming such by Name]

Other Gaolers, And that every other Gaoler and Keeper of any other Prison or Prisons in any County, City, Town*, on delivering m Rjding, Division, Place or Liberty, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such List respectively, ^k^the*follow- ta^e an Oath in the open Court of the General or General Quarter-sessions of the County, City', In/oath ° °W*Town, Division, Liberty, or Place, for which he or she shall deliver in any such List, and swear to l ' the Efted following; (that is to say)

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess* and declare, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names are inserted or contained in the First Part of the Lift: by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol of at the Suit or Suits of the several Persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that ali and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the Second Part of the said Lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, since the said First Day o fja~ nuary, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, been committed or surrendered to the said Gaol or Prison of (if ari? fab Prisoner or Prisoners hath or have, fence

the said Firfe Day 0/^ January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, been committed or surrender&l to such Gaol or Prison) at "the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; except [if any Exception is necessary] such Persons as are therein particularly mentioned and described to have died, been discharged, or removed to some other Prison by Process of Law, or lo have escaped out of such Prison, without my Privity, Knowledge, or Consent, since the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and that all and every of them, whose Name and Names is and are contained in the First Part of the said Lift, (except as before excepted) to the 'best of my Knowledge and Belief, have really and truly continued io adu.al Custody, in the said Gaol or Prison of ever since the said First Day of January,

One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and that the said Lift is a true, exact, per fed, and juit Lift, of all such Persons as wore really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody, in the said Gaol or At Prison of on the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and

seventy-two, and who, since the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and fe- venty-two, have been really and truly committed, or surrendered to the said Gaol or Prison of (except as before excepted) to the best of my Knowledge and Belief; and that

none of such Prisoners, to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, have voluntarily, or with De sign, or in Expectation to take any Benefit from or under any Act of Parliament to be made for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, surrendered, or been committed to the said Prison of or got

his, her, or their Name or Names entered as Prisoner or Prisoners in the Books of the said Prison, or, since the Commitment, have, to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, resided out of the said Prison of [if any have Jo done, then add except inserting the ir

Names]

A.D. 1772 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 23. 380

Which said respective Oaths the said Justices, at the First or Second General err Quarter-session arore- r.

said, or at feme Adjournment thereof within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby impowered and;

required to administer to open Court; and the Words of the said Oath herein before directed to be Cour^, m 1 n* taken by the said Warden and Marftial respectively, shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of rerei and fro. the Lift which shall be delivered in by them respctftively, and Aval 1 be subscribed and sworn to by them fcriWd at the respeviUvely in open Court; and the Words of the Oath to be taken by every other Gaoler or Keeper 01 CAth

respectively shall be entered or written at tl\e End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered by a" them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court: And Lift to be kept every such List which shall be so delivered in, subscribed, and swornr to, in pursuance of this Ac>, shall a.c CK-rk u* be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer, acting as Clerk of the Peace of the iv*cc* every such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty reflectively, in which any such List as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfaction of the said Justices, and Information of all or any Prisoner or Prisoners therein named; and so as the same may, from Time to Time, be seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors of Prisoner or Prisoners, without Fee or Rewa*d.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Gaoler and Gaolers, L^o^dc-and Keeper of any Gaol or Prison, is and are hereby required, Ten Days at least before the Firstor Sc- i,vcrrd in to be cond General or Quarter Section of the Peace shall be held after the passing of this Acth for the County, fir d u? in the Riding Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which any Gaol or Prison shall be, or to which Hrifom, and on the same belong, to fix up, in feme conspicuous Place or Places in every such Prison, and at the moll G*te< there~ frequented and ufuil Gate, Door, or Entrance, into every such Prison, Three or more true CopiesoU

of the List or Lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Gaoler or Keeper at the said

General or Quarter Sessions, or at some Adjournment thereof. p r. r

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names shall j^hTLfls'being be inserted in any such List to be delivered in as aforesaid, who, upon the First Day of Janu r/, One Prisoners/wuh-themfand seven hundred and seventy-two, were really and truly Prisoners in the actual Custody of any nut a fraudulent Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any PriCn respectively of this Kingdom, and did not come into or get intention, on his, her, or their Names entered in the Book of any Gaol or Prison as a Prisoner or Prisoners there, with J*17729

a View or Design to take the Benefit of some Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and who shall take L the Oath herein after mentioned, and shall perform on his or her Part what is required to be done by of this Act, shall him or her by this Act, shall be for ever released and discharged from his or her Imprisonment, in such be Utfihaiged. Manner as hereafter is provided.

VC. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Prisoner or Prisoners Pnlonew inCuf-who shall be in actual Custody at the Time of passing this Act, and was or were, on or b»-fore the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundered and seventy-two, arrested, and in actual °A£* so were Custody of an Officer, for any Sum or Sums of Money by virtue of any Writ or Process issuing out o: «r:fled for Debt any Court of Record, and held to the Bail thereon, and did, on or before the Twelfth Day of February, on or before Jm. One seven hundred and seventy-two, render him, her, or themselves, or was or were surrendered in Dil- *> 1771> ard charge of his, her, or their Bail, and thereupon committed to Prison, and has or have continued therein until the passing of this Act, by virtue of such Commitment; every such Prisoner or Prisoners shall, fcivcVonor bcl upon due Proof of the Picmifes upon Oath, be discharged from such Debt or Demand, in like Manner fore Tcb. 12, as if such Prisoner or Prisoners had been actually in rrifon upon the said First Day of January, One 177* con-thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and continued therein as aforesaid; subject nevertheless to the farming to the same Restrictions and Provisions, and a Compliance with the like Terms, Conditions, and Qtmlirica-tions, herein before imposed upon Prisoners actually in Custody upon the said First Day of January, diidutgai. One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and nlfo subject to the same Terms and Provisions relating to the Ellate and Este<fts of every such Prisoner as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of any County, Justice*, upon Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, upon the Petition of any such the Petition 01

Prisoner or Prisoner to any J '1:

upon every such Prisoner or

leaving with the Justice or J, p ..

clule, containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to atto issue th ir the First or Second General or Quarter-session next ensuing after every such Petition, or some Adjournment warrant *r

thereof, by Warrant under his

jiftV Gaoler or Gaolers, or Ke

Justices, to bring before the Justices*at the First or Second next General or General Quarter-lefhon ot with the War-ihc Peace, or any Adjournment thereof to be held, as the Case shall happen to be, next after the Ex-rant of Detainer piration of Ten Days from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, Riding, Division, >n<i C°pyof the City, Town, Place, or Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the p Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainer, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes obey luchwlr-which he, she, or they, is or are charged with in any such Gaol or Prison as aforesaid, at the Time afore- °aoU C said; which Warrant of every such Justice or Justices every such Sheriff and Sheriff's, Gaoler, or Keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey,

VII. And be it also enacted, That the Copy of every Schedule which shall be left with any such Schedule°f the Justice of Justices, shall, within Ten Days after the same shall be so left, be transmitted by the Justice or Justices, with whom the same shall be so left, to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other thecierk#f Officer, acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, ti* Peace,

of

y Justice or Justices of the Peace within his or their respective jurisdictions, *he£r|r°"pr'*nd or Prisoners so petitioning, and, at the Time of his or her so petitioning, gcdu'lVof"5ia r Justices of the Peace, who shall be so petitioned, a true Copy of the Schc- riDtc, are " mended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to atto issue the*ir r Quarter-session next ensuing after every such Petition, or some Adjournment warrant *or lis Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or She-Keeper of any such Prison within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or ier-fcffionC^V/ Justices*at the First or Second next General or General Quarter-session of with the War-

in

39° C. 23.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

for inspection of in which the same shall the Creditors.

Justices refuting or omitting f^r Tea L)ays to trans-xnit a Copy of

have been so left, there to remain and be inspected, from Time to Time, aj» Occasion shall require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall deftre to inspect the same.'

VIII. And be it also enacted, That every such Justice or Justices who shall refuse or omit: within the Space of Ten Days, to transmit the Copy of the Schedule so left with hjm as aforesaid, to the Cleric of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Pcaee, for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, shall,

the ScheluhTto for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds; which shall and may be (ucd for and the c.ierk of the recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with Peace, shall for- Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Person who shall prosecute for the same; and One Moiety of Which

feitioi. Money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the Party who prosecutes for the same, knd the other

Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Prisoner and Prisoners, who shall intend to petition to be discharged under this Act, as aforesaid, shall first cause publick Notice to be inserted In Three several London Gazetteprevious to such General or Quarter-session, and the adjournment

to give previous thereof, at which the said Prisoner or Prisoners shall apply to be discharged from any Gao! in London, Notice thereof or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and if such Prisoner shall be m Custody in any Gaol put of London, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, then also in some Newsnpaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in the Gaol whereof he or she shall be so in Custody; containing the Name, Trade, and Occupation, and Twolaft Places of Abode, if so many, of every such Prisoner and Prisoners, and the Prison wherein he, she, or they, is or are confined, and of his, her, or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, and mentioning such Notice in each Gazette or Newspaper, to be the First, Second, or Third Notice, according to the Time of publishing each of such Notices; and for the inserting of each of which find several Notices in the said Gazette, or in any other Newspaper, there shall be paid, each Time, by every such Prisoner, Two-pence, and no more: The First of which said Notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazette, the said other Newspapers, as the Case may require. Thirty Days at least, and the last of the

Prisoners. intending to petition for their Di (charge, are

Thrice in the Gaz.’tte, and other News-pacts:

Contents of the No lice.

a d. each Time, and no more, to be paid for inserting such Notices.

or in

First Notice to b« said Notices Ten Days at iea(t; before any such First or Second General or Quarter Session, infmed 30 D»ys, anj Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid; so that as well all the Creditors who have Dm teforethe not c^ar8e(^ *he Prisoner or Prisoners in Custody, as those Creditors who have charged such Quarter-sessions, Prisoner or Prisoners in the Execution, or on mesne Process, or otherwifr, may have sufficient notice &£. thereof.

Prisoner being X. And be it further enacted, That every such Prisoner as aforesaid, who, in pursuance of any such brought into Warrant as aforesaid, shall be brought to any General or General Quarter Sessions, or any Adjourn-Court, due Pub- ment thereof, shall, in case it shall it shall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the said Three Notices requited Gazettes and Newspapers before mentioned to the said Justices at any such Session, or the Adjourning proved, ment thereof, that such Notices were so inserted in the London Gazette, and other Newspapers, where

Geo. required, in Manner as herein before is directed, and that the Person or Persons so petitioning

was or were actually a Prisoner or Prisoners on the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, or since, in the Gaol or Prison in which his, her, or their Nime or Names is or are specified in the List of Prisoners there ^delivered in at any such First or Second Session, or any Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall in open Court at the said General or it to deliver In Quarter-sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true Schedgle or Account of Tfl‘hslUnkfhis his or her Real Eftacc, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy; and also of the and Creditors!* Whole of his or her Personal Estate which he or she, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or

her, or for his or her Use, Benefit, or Advantage, is or are seised of, interested in, or intitled to, with the Names of his or her several Debtors, and where they respectively live, or may be met with; and the several Sums of Money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secured; and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Centra#, Note, or other Writing, then the Name and Names and Places of Abode of the several Witnesses who can prove such Debts or Contracts (if there be any such), and shall also make Oath and swear to the Effect following that is to say)

PriCawr*! Oath on deirvering in the said Schedule.

T J. B, upon my corporal Oath, in the Prefeuceof Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest, and declare, That on the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, I was a Prisoner, or else, [as the Case may be\ that since the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, I have surrendered, or have been committed to the Prison of in

Discharge of my Bail, or for want of Bail, [as the Case shall le] and that I was actually arrested, and in Custody of an Officer before the said First day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy- two, in the Action or Suit, Actions or Suits, in which i surrendered, or was committed, as aforesaid, to the said Gaol or Prison of and that I have, ever since my said

Surrender or Commitment, continued a Prisoner within the Prison of in

the actual Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper, of the said Prison of or within the

14 Liberties thereof at the Suit of, and without any Fraud or Collusion

whatsoever; and that the Schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed? doth contain, to the best of my Knowledge. Remembrance, and Belief, a full, just, true, and perfe# Account and Discovery of all the Goods, Effects, and Estates, Real and Personal, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, which 1, or any Person in Trust for me, or for my Benefit or Advantage, am seised x>r possessed of, interested in, or intitled to; and of all Debts as are to me owing, or to any Person or

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 23. .591

" Persons in Trust forme; and of all the Securities and Contract whereby any Money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me, or to my Use, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Per-Cl Sons from whom such Debts are due and owing; and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contracts, [if any such then he]; and that neither I, nor any other Person or Persons in Trust for <rmc, or for my use/have any Lands, Money, Stock, or any Estate Real or Personal, in Possession,

Reversion, or Remainder or Expectancy, other than what are in the said Schedule contained; except Wearing Apparel, and Bedding for myfilf and Family, Working Tools, and necessary Implements 4< for my Occupation and Calling, and tnefe in the Whole not exceeding the Value of Twenty Pounds;

and that I have not, nor any Body for me hath, directly or indirectly, fold, lessened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed, all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels,

Stock, Debts, Securities, Contracts, or Estate Real or Personal* whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage thereof, or with Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor.

or Creditors* to whom I am or was indebted in anywise however.

So help me GOD."

And the said Schedule and Oath shall be by every such Prisoner subscribed in the Presence of the Justices ol^tc/be in open Session of the Peace as hereby is directed, and shall be kept by, and remain with the Clerk of subsenbed in the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Di- Courr;

vision, Town, or Place, where the same shall be subscribed and taken* for the better Information of all "* the Creditors of such Prisoner who shall desire, or may have Qpcasion, to resort thereto; an J every fiivh of^hc !V«cc Creditor shall be at Liberty, at seasonable Times in the Day-time, to peruse and examine the same. for the Examination of the Creditor*.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices within their respective Jurisdictions* at any such if re. General or General Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, at the Requerc of any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner, are hereby authorised to cause the Deputy Warden and Martha? of the Fleet

and Kings Bemh Prison, and afy other under Officer, Tipstaff, and Turnkey of any Gaol or Prison, oath^to \\* and any other Person, to come before‘them, and to examine them respectively on Oath, touching any Gaoler, or any of the Matters contained in any of the Oaths prescribed by this Act to be taken* and the Truth there- other Person, of; and if the Oath which shall have been taken in open Court by any such Prisoner or Prisoners shall not be disproved by good Testimony of any credible Person or Persons on Oath* and such Justices, or the major Part of them, present at any such General or Quarter Session, shall be satisfied with the Truth fworo t0t of the Oath taken by any such respective Prisoner, then such Justices shall, in such Session, or some Ad- The Prisoner’i journment thereof, command the said Sheriff* or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of such Prison Oath notbemi or Prisons, forthwith to set at Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners, without having or taking any Fee or ^Proved* Reward* other than One Shilling for his or their Attendance with such Prisoner or Prisoners at such c^ehim- General or Quarter Session* or any Adjournment thereof, in order for his, her, or their Discharge, and ttfM>np»ying which every such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of such Prison or Prisons, Fee of 11. to js and are hereby authorised to receive and take for every such Order: And every such Order shall be a the Gioier. sufficient Discharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers* or Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, Ci^eVncf^’ and shall indemnify him or them against any Escape or Escapes, or Action or Actions whatsoever for 04 Escape, which (bailor may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him or them.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Estate, Right, Title* Inte- ln<J

rest, and Trust, of such Prisoner, of* in, and unto, all the Real Estate, as well Freehold and Copy as frrts of the Customaryhold, and to all the Personal Estate, Debts, and Effefls of every such Prisoner, shall, imme- PHfooer, u^oa diately after the Discharge of any such Prisoner, be* and the same is hereby vested in the Clerk of the hi* to

Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer afling as Clerk of the Peace, of and for the County, Riding, City, of^th* ^cace^ Town Corporate, Division* Liberty, or Place, where any such Prisoner shall be respectively discharged; j, t0mllce and every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer aAing as Clerk of the Peace, is here- o»er the same by directed and required to make an Assignment and Conveyance of every such Prisoner’s Estate and Ef- Assigneet fefls, vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace. "amed lh* as aforesaid, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Prisoner, as the Justices at any General or General CwarJ» Quarter Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective Jurisdictions, shall order or dirr<ft, (which Assignment and Conveyance shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on Parchment or Paper

flampt) and to vest the Estates thereby assigned and conveyed, in the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to the Estate and interest the Prisoner bad therein; and for the preparing, ingrossing, and ejf- for which hew retiring, of which Assignment and Conveyance, no Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer to be paid it. acting as Clerk of the reace, shall take any greater Fee than Two Shillings; and every such Assign- mid no more, ment and Conveyance shall be in Trust for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such rri- foner to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the Creditors of such Prisoner, in Respect or in Proportion to their respective Debts: And every Person or Persons to whom any such Assignment and Affifrvfi ireconveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully impowered to sue, from Time to Time, powered to fur, as there may be Occasion, in his, her, or their own Name or Names, for the Recovery and Attaining execute any any Estate or Effedh of any such Prisoner, and also to execute any Trust or Power vested in, or crc- 7* *r £r wr.r ated for the Use or Benefit of any such Prisoner; but in Trust, for the Benefit of him or themselves, ^lh^f n *, ICI -

1. and

3 $ a C. 23.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D.

#od five Dif-cfarfes

summoned for that Purpose; and make a DU Vtdend within Three Months; first making up

and the rest of the Creditors of every such Prisoner *r and to give Dischargp and Discharges to any Debtor or Debors of any such Prisoner, as shall be requisite: And every Assignee and Assignees shall, with all They are to get convenient Speed after his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance, use his and their best SrceiMhe Estate Endeavours to receive and get in the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner; and shall, with all con-cr.d EBeflsof venient Speed, make Sale of all the Estates of such Prisoner vetted in such Assignee or Assignees; and if the iTifoner, any such Prisoner shall be interested in, or in titled to, any Real Estate, either in Possession, Reversion, and make Sale, Gr Expedancy, the same, within the Space of Two Months after every such Assignment and Oonvey-1 f prU ance' ke bY publick Auction in such Manner, and at such Place, as the major Part of the foncrViteal Creditors of any such Prisoner who shall aflemhle together on any Notice in Writing published' in the Ertate, in Mar .'London Gazette, or in some Daily Paper, if the Prisoner before his going to Goal re fid ed in Londoor in rcragreed upon the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some Newspaper which shall be published in at a Meeting of er near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty^or Place, in which such Prisoner dwelt before the Creditors hc or f^c was committed to Gaol, Thirty Daye before any such Sale shall be made, shall, underffiis Hand, or their Hands, agree on: And every such Assignee and Assignees, at the End of Three Montha at farthest from the Time of his accepting any such Ash^nment or Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make ajutt and fair Dividend of all such Prisoner's Estates and Lffeda which shall have been then got in amongst his or her Creditors, in Proportion and in Regard to^ach Creditor's respective Debts; but before any such Dividend their Accounts made, such Assignee or Assignees shall make up an Account of such Pri Toner’s Estate; and make

and verifydngthe Oath in Writing before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, fame upon Oath. Town, Liberty, or Place, in which any such Prisoner shall have been discharged, that every such Account 30 Days Notice contains a just 2nd fair Account of Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner got in by or for such, to be given of Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof, and that all Payments in every such Acou-nt charged, were truly and borui fide made and paid; and Notice of the making of every such Di-> node to’recrive v>dcnd shall be published in like Manner as a Meeting of Creditors is herein before directed to be pub— any. Share there- lished, Thirty Days at feast befonr the same shall bre made;. and no Creditor shall be allowed to receive f but such as' any Sliar^ of such Dividend, until he shall have made out the Justness and Identity of his respective flnlt prove ththr £)ebt by Oath, or due Proof in- Writing, before some such Justice or Justices: And if any Creditor of Dcb such Prisoner shall be dissatisfied with the Reality of Faimefs of any Debt chimed by any other Creditor,

then the same, at the Request of any such Creditor or Creditors so diUatisfied, shall be examined into by the Justices of the County, Riding, Division* City, Liberty, or Place, in (which such Prisoner shall have been discharged, at their next General or General Quarter Session, and what they shall there determine in the Premises, shall be conclusivcto all Parties: And if, after Payment of all such Prisoner's Pri^De.TEstate Creditors, there shall any of his Estate and Effects remain after Payment of all reasonable Charges, tho. after satisfying hme shall be paid to such Prisoner, his Executors or Administrators. ai 1 Claims thereon to go to tht Prisoner. ‘ 1

Dcb’S.

DebiB entered, 10 be examined into and determined by the-Court.

No Suit in

Equity to i>e commenced, but by Consent of the MaintUy in ( Value of the

XIII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by any Assignee or Assignees of any such Prisoner’s Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Prisoner, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given in the London Gazette for that Purpose.

Creditors.

Clerk of the Peace to exhibit to the Creditor, or his Attorney, upon Payment of i s. the Schedule of the Prisoner's Estate and £ffish.

Attested Copy thereof to be granted, which shall be Evidence

in all Courts. Clrrk of the Peace refuting to produce such Schedule or to deliver a Copy thereof, or taking exorbitant) Fees for the (any-,

XIV. And be it further enacted by> the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace, Town1 Cl cik, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of every respective County, City, and County Town, and County Riding, Division, Cinque Port, Liberty, and Place, with whom any Schedule of the Estates of any Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, shall be left, and his Successors, Clerk of the Peace, Toyvn Clerk, or other Officer, acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall,-on the reasonable Request of any Creditor or Creditors of such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, F'ugitive or Fugitives, or his or their Attorney, produce and shew to such Creditor or Creditors, or his or thuir Attorney, in the Day-time, the Schedule of the Estates of any such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, which shall be left with any such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or his Predecessor in that Office; the Person so requiring to fee and peruse any such Schedule paying or rendering, to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk, of the Peace, in whole Custody any such Schedule shall be, or his Deputy, the sum of One Shilling for his Trouble in searching for, and looking out, such- Schedule, and attending whilst the same shall be perused by the Party or Parties requiring to have the same looked out, and to peruse the same: And that a true Copy of every such Schedule, signed by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, in whose Custody the same shall be, or his Deputy, purporting the same to be a true Copy of such Schedule, without being wrote on Stampt Paper, and for which Copy- no more shall be paid than Sixpence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain Seventy-two Words, and so in proportion fora lei's Number of Words in any Sheet, shall, at all Times, be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence of the same: And if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall, on reasonable Request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid, or his or their Attorney, any such Schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the same to be inspected as aforesaid, in the Day-time, on such Payment or Tender as aforesaid being made, to him i or shall ask or take more than after the Rate of Sixpence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 23. 393

Seventy-two Words, and so In proportion for less than Seventy-two Words in a Sheet; or dial] refute to make and deliver a Copy of any such Schedule, on being requested as aforesaid so to make th’ fame, forfrirs toT. mi and having the Money tendered to him for Payment of such Copy, after the Rate aforesaid; shall, for Treble Cofo every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds $ which shall and may be sued for and rc- (inepMre\ 0 covered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with Tre- the other't* ble Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Person who shall prosecute for the same: And One Moiety of the Poor of the which Money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the Party who prosecutes for the same, and the Partfh. other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committed.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Time as any Assignee or Assignees, a* Affigwet of aforesaid, shall enter on, or take any Profit from any of or Customary Estate as aforesaid, he or Copy noli ani they shall agree and compound with the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom the same shall ^omal7 be holden, for the Payment of such Fine or Income as upon any Surrender and Admission thereto, hath heretofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such Agreement or Compofi- 0t the tion, the said Lord or Lords for the Time being, at the next Court, or some susbequent Court, which Muner, and to shall be holden for the said Manor or Manors, after such Agreement made, shall admit such Assignee b~ aimtrtfiTc. or.Assignees, Tenant to such of or Customary Premises, according to the Custom of the said ntnt, lhc rdPon* Manor or Manors of which the same shall be holden, for and during such Estate and Interest as the

Prisoner had therein at the Time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the Rents, Duties, Heriots, Customs, and Services payable and to be rendered in respect of the said of or

Customary Premises.

XVI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affe£ any Estate, The PrilWt

or Interest, or Right whatsoever, of any other Person or Persons, other than the said Prisoner or Fu- Righted in-gitive which may be expectant upon, or subject unto, the Estate or Interest of the said Prisoner or Fu-tcr^’ £c. 0.n, Jr ^gitive hereby vested in the said Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of c 1

the Peace; but that the Estate, Interest, and Right whatsoever, of every other Person and Persons,

shall remain, continue, and be laved to them, in the same Manner, as if this Act had not been made.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall All Mortpage*,

extend, or be construed to hinder or prevent, any Mortgage or Mortgages upon the Eftatr of such Rcco$~

Prisoner or Prisoners, or any Part thereof, to take Place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages respectively; nor to prevent any Statute-staple, {0 uke place. Statute-merchant. Recognizance, or Judgment, acknowledged by, or obtained against, any such Pri> prefeiabi* to foner or Prisoners, to take Place upon the Lands, Tenements, or real Estate of such Prisoner of Pri- of loners; and also where any Inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, Mature* or any Writ or Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer, upon any fich Judgment, before such Discharge shall be given in open Session to any such Person as afore- t said, the personal Estate of every such Prisoner respectively shall be subject thereto, in the First Place, for so much as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment respectively, in like Manner as such Mortgagees and Creditors, by Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment, would have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, against she real or personal Estate of such Prisoner and Prisoners respectively, if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein before contained to the C‘ ntrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas many Persons who may be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, Pdwer are seized and possessed of Lanas, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to hold to such Prisoners for the fnf°ner®fl^f‘

Term of their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases, and taking Fines, rtfcrving small ^veiTin th/*

Rents on such Estates, for One, Two, or Three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some ai%icci.

Number of Years determinable upon Lives; which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Prisoners be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case, all and every the Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are or shall be vested in any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in, the Afngnee or Assignees of the real and personal Estate of such Prisoner, by virtue of this Act, to be. by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Prisoners as aforesaid.

XIX. And whereas in some Gaols or Prisons in this Kingdom, the Office of Gaoler or Keeper is The ad n*

held in Fee for Life, or otherwise, by Persons who never act as Gaolers or Keepers themselves, or Cat let n the

know any thing of the Prisoners therein, but depute or employ, some Person or Persons under them as 'r,me °k^»*

Gaolers or Keepers of such Gaols or Prison9 be it therefore enacted, That in every such Case, the onV^fiable Person who shall have been actually employed and acted as deputed Gaoler or keeper of any such Gaol f^ro^ c 0 c or Prison, at the Time of the delivering in the Lifts, hereby directed to be delivered in, of Prisoners in any such Gaol or Prison, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, and not the principal Gaoler or Keeper (unless where such principal Gaoler or Keeper shall net as a Gaoler or Keeper himself) shall take the Oath herein-before appointed to be taken by the Gaoler or K<z eper of every such Gaol or Prison.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General or C#urtif retired Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any Prifcndr shall be brought in pur- br Creditor, luance of this Act, shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, who *PP°f,n& *be shall oppose his or her Discharge, administer, and give to the Gaoler, or the Person who acts as Gaoler ^,ilfler^ or Keeper of any such Prison, at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner, order to be discharged mmSir the rot-under this Act, an Oath to the following Effect, (that is to say): lowing o^h to

Vol. XL 3 £ 1 the Gaoler,

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

394- C. 23.

A.D. 1772.

TteOatfc* A.B. do (Wear, That was really and truly a Prisoner in my Custody,- in the

" 1 Prison of to this best of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the First Day of

January^ One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two j and that the Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes of his or her Commitment or Detainer, now by me brought with the Body of the said and produced to this Court, is or are a true Copy or Copies of the Cause.or Canfe*

of such Detainer or Commitment, without any Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person- whatsoever, to the bell of my Knowledge and Beliefs

So help me GOD "

n' such Petfen And if any Person who was Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison* b 11 wsmT 0,1 First of January* One thousand liven hundred and seventy-two, or unce, shall not happen-

Mail fwa to Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, at the Time any

Ac. then thefol- such List as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then thie Justices at any such Session, or at any lowing Oath is Adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to ad minister and give the respective Person or Persons to beadmioiftred who shall be Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, and deliver to him. in any such List as aforesaid, at any such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, atk

path, touching the Commitments, or Books of Commitment, of any such Prison, to the Effect following, (that is to say)

The Ottju T A.B. do swear, That I have examined the Commitments, or Books kept of or concerning the V ^Commitment, of Prisoners to the Prison of, in the fCounty, Riding*

Divisioni Cityf Town, Places or Liberty of as the Case fl)au be\] and that I

do verily believe that the said Commitments, or Books of Commitment, are really true, and not fic— titious, nor calculated for this Purpose; and by them it doth appear, that

was on the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, really and’

truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of the then Gaoler or Keeper, ondeputeiP

Gaoler or Keeper, of the said Prison, without Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Perfoir or Per—, foas, to my Knowledge and Belief.

441 So help me GOD.

(tasrt If rtquittd 4

XXL And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries for Commitments of Piifoncfa in any Gao!1 by *Creditor, oiay c Books,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices at any General or Quarter son*who ii&ed^ii Se®on of the Peace. 01 any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorised, at the Request of any Creditor c»Jeronjjui. 1, or Creditors of any Prisoner, to convene before them, atfomccertain Time to be appointed by them, any 2772, or dace,# Person or Persons who was or were Gaoler or Keeper, or reputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Gaol or Prison within their respective Jurisdictions, on the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hun-and axamina dred and seventy-two, or at any Time since; and to examine every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed* him touching the Gao]cr or Keeper on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any such Pri-mndCondnuance f°ner, as the Justices, at any such General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall think fit: And in Custody of if any Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper, or reputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to bring before such* the Pdfitmef. Justices at any Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, any-Prisoner, as shall be directed and required Caokr disobey- by Warrant of any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being summoned for that Purpose; or ad^Ttlf any Gaoler or Keeper attending, shall refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises, as shall Court/Sfc.lbr- reasonably required at such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof; he, she, or they, feiti 1001. with fb offending in the Premises, shall, for everyluch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds j Trtbl* ColW. to be recovered by and in the Name, and for the Use, of the Party injured, by Action of Debt to be brought in his or her Name, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with Treble Costs of Suit.

nekton bo And whereas great Number of Workmen, skilful in the several Trades and Manufactures

wereberond the °S Kingdom, and also many able Seamen and Mariners, finding themselves unable to satisfy the

Sesaeajan. 1, Whole of their respective Debts, and dreading the Miseries of a Gaol, have chose to leave their 1772, fur render- Employments and Native Country, and have entered themselves in Foreign Service: And whereas l»g themselves, their Continuance abroad must be of great Prejudice to the Trade of this Kingdom; in order there-tQfCte«AflT ^ore to *nc*uce an^ enable such Persons to return,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That asat of tint Att, ^11 anc| every Debtor and Debtors, who was or were actually beyond the Seas in Foreign Parts on the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and did not go into such Foreign Parts with the View or Intent to gain or have the Benefit of an Insolvent Debtor’s Act,* who shall return and surrender himself or themselves within Fourteen Days next immediately after his or their landing in England, unto the Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, of the Prisons of the King's Bench, Marshalsea, or Fleet* or to the Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of the Prison or Prisons of such County, City, Town, Riding, Division, Liberty, or Place, where such Debtor or Debtors last dwelt for the Space of Six Months, (which said Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, is and are hereby required and impowered to receive and detain such Debtor or Debtors surrendering as aforesaid, in order to their Discharge as herein after mentioned) and who, from and immediately after fudi Surrender, do continue in actual Custody of such Gaoler and Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, until the Time of his Discharge, shall be deemed a Prisoner or Prisoners within, and be, to all Intents and Purposes, intitled to the Benefit of this Act; and shall, upon due Proof of the said Premisesyby the Oath

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 23. 395

of such Debtor or Debtors (not 4ifprmfed by any credible Witness) be discharged in the same Manner as if het Ihe, or they, bad been actually in Prison on the said First Day of Januaryr One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and continued therein as aforesaid; subject nevertheless to the*?0*'*?* fame Restrictions and Provi front, and a Compliance with the like Terms, Conditions, and Quali-p^JJ 01 fications, herein before imposed upon the said Prisoners actually in Custody upon the said First Day of

January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and also subject to the Terms and Provisions relating to the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner as aforesaid; excepting only such Particulars thereof excepting such as require the Name of a Prisoner to be inserted in the Gaoler’s or Keeper’s Lift as aforesaid, or relate pyticwU^l to the Oaths of such Gaoler or Keeper herein before appointed to be taken, which Particulars can- both not possibly be applied to the Case of Persons surrendering themselves as aforesaid; and also except the 4^. said Oath herein before appointed to be taken by Prisoners in Custody upon the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; instead Whereof, the said Person or Persons so surrendering, shall take an Oath in open Court at feme General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, of the County, City, Town, Riding, Division, Place, or Liberty, in the Prison of which any such Fugitive or Debtor shall be held, after the Surrender of any such Fugitive or Debtor, to the Effect following 5 which the said Justices, authorised to out this Act in Execution, are hereby required and impowered to administer in such Manner as the Oaths herein-before mentioned are* to bc adnuniftred.

*4J J. B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, solemnly swear, protoft, and Fagiwt'tOtiiy declare. That I was actually, on the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and fe- venty-two, beyond the Seas in Foreign Parts, videlicet, at and that I did,

within Fourteen Days next immediately aftey my landing surrender myself to the Custody of the Keeper of - # [as the Case may be] and that I have ever since such my Sur-

render, continued a Prisoner in his Custody; and that the Schedule now delivered, and by me subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my Knowledge, Remembrance, and Belief, a full, just, true,

and perfect Account and Discovery of all the Real Estate, Goods, Effects, and other Personal Estate,

in anywise belonging to me; and also of all such Debts as are to me owing, or to any Person or ,44 Persons in Trust for me; and of all the Securities and Contrafts whereby any Money now is, or will, or may hereafter, become payable, or whereby or wherefrom any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me, or to my Use, or to any other Person or Persons in Trust for me; and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from wfiorfi such Debts are due and owing; and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contrafts [if any such there be]; and that neither I, nor,

any Person or Persons in Trust for me, is or are seised Of any Real Estate in Possession, Reversion,

or Remainder, or Expectancy, or of any Personal Estate of any Kind whatsoever, other than what are in the said Schedule contained; excent my Wearing Apparel, and Bedding for myself and Fa- mily, my Working Tools, and necessary Implements for my Occupation and calling, not exceeding,

in the Whole, the Value of Twenty Pounds; and that I have not, directly or indirectly, fold,

lessened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed, all or any Part of my Real Estate, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stocks, Debts, Securities, Contrafts, or other Personal Estate whatsoever, whereby to fectire the same, so as to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage there- from to myself or Family, or with any View, Intent, or Design, to defraud ordeceiveany Creditor or Creditors, to whom I am indebted in anywise howsoever, or prevent their recovering or at«

taining their respective Debts.

So help me GOD

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall, without just Cause, to be approved of by the Justices at some General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, refuse or delay to bring any such Prisoner or Prisoner9 as aforesaid to any such General or Quarter Session, or some Adjournment thereof, in order to his or her Discharge, or shall neglect, refuse, or designedly omit to insert, in any such List, the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who was or were actually in Custody in his or their respective Gaol or Prison on the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, or since; or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fixup, or deliver, such Lists as aforesaid; or if any such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler Or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to-take any of the said Oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or shall, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, take or receive more than the said Sum of One Shilling herein before allowed for his or her Attendance in order to be discharged of such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid; or shall detain any such Prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the Printer of the London Gazette, or other Newspaper as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Name, Trade, Occupation, and last Place of Abode, of such Prisoner, on reasonable Request to him made for that Purpose, and Tender of the Money hereby directed to be paid; or shall take or receive any Fee or Gratuity more than Two-pence as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such Gaoler and Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, his Deputy or Deputies, e.id every such Printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each Prisoner; in any such Case injured, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; which shall and may be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts of Record

Gaoler i»4 Printer of the Gazette, or other Newspaper, not complying with the Regulations in the Act. forfeit tool, to the Prisonera with Treblt-Corti if Suit.

396 C. 25.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Full Colls of buir, dec

Ore Moiety to

Dcbis of the Creditors. Clerk of the Peace refuting the Prisoner

at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Caoier convicted

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Gaoler or Gaolers, or of Perjury, for* Keeper or Keepers, or any deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Prison, shall, in taking of the afore-

n Sr rt!’ mentioned Oaths, forswear or perjure himself, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such Gaoler or

Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of such Prison or Prisons, (over and above such Penalties as may be inflicted on Persons convicted of Perjury) shall, upon every such ConvidHon, forfeit and pay

the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with Full Costs, by Bill, Plaint, or-Information, or

Action of Debt* in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeslmmJicry wherein no'Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, by and in the Name of such Person or Perform his or their fct> to ihc lnfur- Executors and Administrators, to whom any Alignment or Conveyance, in pursuance of this Adb, shall ,ner> and be made, of the Estate and Effedks of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and if no such Assignee or Assignets fatiifying^the shall be living* then, in the Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors who shall sue for the said Penalties to be applied. One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such his Creditor or Creditors.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk*, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace* shall delay or refuse to give every or any such Prisoner ft>» f discharged as aforesaid, within Fourteen Days after his or her Discharge, a Copy of the Order of his* or tak-or ^cr Bifcharge, on the Payment of Two Shillings and Sixpence; or shall take more than the said Sum togesorbiUAt of Two Shillings and Sixpence for £uch Copy; or shall take more than'Two* Shillings fer an Afligrt-Fcc* for the ment or Conveyance of such Prisoner’s Estate or Effects; every such Clerk of the Peace, or his Dcput Jv lame; or for or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be fligningover the convj£|e(i at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, of any such.* nd°Effecti \ Offence, shall, for every (rich Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisonor the Sum of Twenty Pounds, forfeit 201. tt as the Justices of the Peace, at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment there- the Prisoner. of, shall order; and who are hereby impowered to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of-.the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town*Clerk, of.other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, so offending. edo^PM^u^"

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Prisoner as aforesaid, or* suffer as*Fdont any ot^er Person or Persons, who shall take the Benefit of this Act, shall forswear or perjure himself, 'herself, or themselves, in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she, or they, so offending, shall be adjudged a Felon, and suffer as such, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person to -be discharged by »«t liable to Ar- this Act shall, at.any Time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained far left for Debt*, Payment of Money only, or for any Debts, Damages* Contempts, Costs* Sum or Sums of* Money. *c. contrafted contcadled, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing doe, before the said First Day. of January, One before j*o.), thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; but that upon every Arrest upon: every Judgment or such 1771 Decree, or, for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may bfc

lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process issued, upon shewing the Copy of the Order of such Prisoner’s Discharge or Discharges, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid; and every such Judge is hereby impowered so to do on such Prisoner’s causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him in every such Action and Suit.

XXVIII. And whereas, under fom^er Acts of this Kind, Doubts have arisen* what foe ver was to bfc done with such Prisoners who applied at any Session to be discharged, who owed and stood charged ^uent to Jan. 1, ’ with Debts, as well previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts; to remedy J77*. ' which/ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be

discharged of any Debts subsequent to the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and if it shall appear to the Justices in any Session or Adjournment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners then applying to them to be discharged, shall stand charged as well with Debts previous to as subsequent to the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, that in such Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices to discharge him or her of all Debts previous to the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and to remand him or her back to the Custody of the Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she was broughr, for all Debts with which be or {he (lands charged with in his Custody, subsequent to the said First Day of Jpnuary, One Justices, Sbcriffl, thousand seven hundred and seventy.-two* ,

and Gaoler*, m2y

[Treble Costs.]

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Escape, or any of° or Action, he Vrought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper of Escape, or Sirt any Prison, for performing, their Office* in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General Issue, brought against and give this Act in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or Verdict them and mo- pass against him, or Judgment upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have

cr Tiebic Cost*.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Scire Faciasy or Action of Person*discharg- Debt, or upon Judgment, shall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Admi* *eiT*yP&c to all n^rators> upon any Judgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance Action* brought acknowledged by him or her, before the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and against them be- seventy-two, with respect to Prisoners in actual Custody, or with respect to Debtors beyond the Seas/ fore Jan, 1,17 72, as aforesaid, upon the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs* Executors, or Administrators, to plead generally that such

But no Prisoner

to be discharged of Debt* subse-

&c.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 23. 397

Aich Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prison at such a Person’s Suit, or was or were beyond the Seas in Foreign Parts on the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and was or were duly discharged according to this Act, at the General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, held at such Time and Place for such County, Riding, Divinon, Liberty, City, Town, or Place, (as his, her, or their Case is) without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other aft? in 0,flfr Suit or Action shall be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of i^Dif^rge^ Money, due before the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, to ^eir Petfont plead in Discharge of his or h r Person from Execution (over and above such Matters as aforesaid/ that from Execution* such Debt or Sum of Money (as the Case shall happen) was contracted or due on or before the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, without pleading any other Matter, -

specially; where to the Plaintiffs shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, Plaintiff mayrt* or reply any other Matter or Thing which may shew the said Defendant not to be intitled to the Bene- plygen«r*llr,&c. (it of this Act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same Manner as the Plaintiff might have but if« replied, in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge by virtue of this Act, specially; f

[Treble Costs.]

and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, difeominue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment on Demurrer, the Defendant to have

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person against whom ®®r

a Commission of Bankruptcy hath been awarded and fssued out, and the Production whereof shall be certificate* deemed sufficient Evidence to any Court of Quarter-session, or Adjournment, and who hath not already dut-Time, obtained his Certificate and Discharge of his Debt9, in pursuance of and in (Vich Manner as is directed eluded from toi by some or One of the Acts of Parliament now in Force relating to or concerning Bankrupts, or shall Bencfitofihi* not obtain such Certificate and Discharge before such Time as he shall be brought before the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Session, or some Adjournment thereof, held as aforesaid, in order to be discharged in pursuance of this Act, shall have or receive airy Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor he deemed to be within the Meaning thereof.,

XXXII. Provided a!so, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend; or be construed to extend, to Attt^®lc# roleale or discharge any Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons ailing, or pretend - c"nt?Mo*vV ing to act, as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall stand charged, for any Money, or Effects, cx-P or other Effects. recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons. Bodies Cor-eluded rh*Be-porate or Politick, and by any Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person or Persons adfing as such, embezzled, of thiiAa* concealed, or converted, to his or their own Use; or to release or discharge any Servant or Agent, or any Person or Persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, she, or they, shall stand charged, for and on account of any Money, Goods, or other Effedfs, received or poflifled by him, her, or them, for the Use, and on Account of his, her, or their Master or Masters, or Employers, and by such Servant er Agent embezzled', concealed., or converted to his, her, or their own

Use; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any Cioler, to per-Prison shall, and is hereby required to fufter, in the Day-time, any Person or Persons desiring the same, f®1* to fee and fpc. k, in the Lodge, or some convenient Room of the said Prison, with any Prisoner or Pri-fonvrs, whole Names are inserted in the afore-mentioned List or Lists, or London Grfz////, or other en, whole Newspaper, or any of them, or any Persons surrendering themselves pursuant to this Act; and also Ntmet are infee, in the true and genuine Books of the said Prison, the Entries made of the Name or Names of such fcrted *n the Prisoner or Prisoners, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suiror Suits

he, file, or th y are detained: And if any such Gaoler or Keeper shall neglect or refuse to comply with the wSbiT what is here above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper, who shall so offend in the Premises, shall Book of Entries forfeit and pay to the Person so refused and aggrieved the Sum of Forty Pounds; to be recovered, with Sec. 00 Penalty Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Kill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts at Westminster* 4° * *»th-wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed, by and Cost,°* Su|f* in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so refuted and aggrieved.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Person of any Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, shall be discharged under this Act, the future Eftutes and Eflrdts of

every such Prisoner and Fugitive shall remain and be liable to his, her, and their respective Creditors as funding hit per-' be I ore the making of this Act, (his, her, or their necessirv Wearing Apparel, and Bedding for his, her, or fontl Di ichage, -their Families, and Working Tools and Implements necessary for his, her, or their Trade or Occupation, iab,€ l®Cr!d,*r jrot exceeding the Value of Twenty Pounds in the Whole, only excepted), and any Creditor or Cre-dirors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, may, at any Time hereafter, sue out B^din^uod Execution, Extents, or other Process, on any Judgment at the Time of such Discharge recovered, or WorkingToolt^ Statute Staple, or Recognizance acknowledged by, or Sentence or Decree obtained against any such arc.not exceed-Prisoner or Fugitive, but not against his, her, or their Person, or his, her, or their respective Wearing *to^Vt*ur*<‘ Apparel, Bedding, Working Tools, and Implements, as aforesa’rd,' except*

XXXV. And be it also enacted, That any Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive ^J^TtheRe-

or Fugitives, who shall be discharged under this A<£L may, at -my Time after any such Discharge, com- Debt"

mence and prosecute any Action or Suit against any (\ich Prisoner or Fugitive, his, her, or their respective doe at the Time Heir«, Executors, or Administrators, for the Recovery of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be ©Ptft* Prisoner’# due from any such Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, at the Time of his or her said Discharge, Difrhwye, bur but shall not hold the Person of any such Prisoner or Fugitive to Special Bail; nor shall take the Per- -

son, ucccflkry Wearing Apparel* Bedding, Tools, or Implements, as aforesaidvof any such Prisoner or °mJt

Fugitive tike his’perf09£ Westing Apparel, Budding, or Tools, ip Judgww;

398 C. 33.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Fugitive in Execution, or any Judgment, Sentence, or Decree, which fcall hereafter be recovered or Ad ntau obtained against any such Prisoner or Fugitive: And in any Action or Suit, which shall be hereafter com-takenof mcnced against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators^no Bc-tkeCaufeofAc- nefit or Advantage shall be had or taken, for that the Cause of Action did not accrue within Three tion not accruing Years next before the commencing of any such Action or Suit j nor shall any Statute of Limitation be Year,> pleadable, or be allowed to be pleaded in Bar of or in any such Action or Suit, which shall be hereafter of^rnitation?1^ commenced by any such Creditor or Creditors against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, unless such Cause Exception. of Action or Suit did not accrue within Three Years next before any such Prisoner or Fugitive shall be discharged under this Act; and in any such Case, the same may be pleaded by any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators.

Discharge of

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it likewise enabled, That by the Discharge of any Prisoner or P^ttUo"heoi-by. Force this Act, no other Person or Persons who was or were Partner or Partners psrtnfrotSuife* in Trade with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, at the Time of his or her Discharge under this Set. Act, or then flood bound, engaged with, or liable to, the Payment of any Debt with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, or engaged in any Contract together with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, shall be discharged from any such Debt or Demand; but every such other Person and Persons shall severally (land and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such Debt and Debts, and to perform such Contracts in liste Manner as if any such Prisoner or Fugitive had never been discharged from the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, or reputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Prison or Prifans, shall make, or cause to be made, any false Entry or Entries in any Book or Books belonging to any Prison x>r Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or was Gaoler, Or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be prepared or kept, any false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to be made therein; or shall insert in any List to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who was not a Prisoner or Prisoners in ailual Custody in any such Gapl or Prison upon the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, or shall not have ever since remained in such actual Custody; except as in the Oath of any such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall be excepted; every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall over and above the Penalties which he shall be liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by and in the Name, and for the Use, of any Person or Persons who shall be prejudiced br any Entry, or such false. Entries; which Penalties shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no

Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner, being thereunto required by any Creditor, shall reftife to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation and Habitation or last Place of Abode, of the Person or Persons at whole Suit he or she is detained or charged in Custody; or being

Person°tt whose ca^c^ for anc* Stored, by any Creditor or Creditors, to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any Suit he udetain- such Prisoner shall be confined, without iome reasonable Cause being made appear to the Contrary; «d, or to come to every such Prisoner, upon Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter

the Creditor in Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive

the Lodge; any Benefit or Discharge by or under tHie Act j any Thuig herein contained to the Contrary thereof anywise notwithstanding:

XXXIX. And whereas there is but One Common or County Gaol for each of the respective

at any Counties of York, Lincoln, Lancaster, and Durham, which said Counties are each of them divided into convenient Place several Ridings or Di.visions, all which have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaolers new to either of of those Gaols be obliged tQ carry the Debtors, Prisoners, therein, to the Quarter-session of each *Hv rmw»ty Riding or Division, the same will be a very great Charge, not only to such Gaolers, but also to the Prisoners in those large Counties ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Two or more Justices of the Peace for each of the Ridings and Divisions in the respective Counties, at the Common or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at Tome convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold Session there, by Adjournment from their respective Quarter-session, from Time to Time for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

XL. And whereas the next General Quarter-session of the Peace for the County of Surry, which will happen after the passing of this Act, will be in the County, and upwards of Twenty Miles from any of the said Prisons ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices as shall be assembled at the General Quarter-session of the Peace to be far administering holden for the County of Surry, next after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby required forth-^ with to adjourn the said Session to the Town-hall in the Borough of Sout/nvark, for the Purpose of ad-

ministering the Oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this Act by the several Gaolers within the said County wherein any Prisoner or Prisoners are confined, and to the discharging such respective Prisoner or Prisoners confined therein, according to the Powers limited, and Directions of this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Debtors, and others, who were in Prison on or before the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, or since, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their Fees, Rents, or any other Demands due, or claimed as due, to the Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, or to

Gaoler making false Entries in lhe Prison Book or Lifts, forfeit 500 I. with Treble Costs,

over and above all other Penalties for such Fraud.

Prisoner refusing to declare 4he Abode, &c. of the

the County Gaols, and ' Session there for frifeharge of Prisoners.

Justices for the County of Surry may assemble at the Town-hall of Southwark

Oaths, he,

Those who are Prisoners for their Fees, or other Deman da the Gaoler

A.D. 177a. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 23. 399

any other Officer of any such Prison, and upon no other Account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, Offerer to file, or they, taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

XLII. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to discharge any Person out of Prison, seek- Deaton to the hig his or her Discharge under this Act, with respect to any Debt with which he or she shall stand t-rown, and Pri-charged at the Suit of the Crown, or shall be indebted to any Body Politick or Corporate, or to any *?ner* *ho owt One Person, in any Sum exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds, besides Interest and Costs, and OnJp«fbn un-whose Discharge shall be in Court opposed by the Crown, Body Politick or Corporate, or One Person, kf«thtCreditors and whose Debts exceeds the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and not otherwise, utiless the Crown, such confcnr, «rc«-Body Politick or Corporate, or Creditor, shall consent thereto: and if any such Body Politick or Cor- the Bene-porate, Creditor or Creditors, to whom a Sum exceeding One thousand Pounds shall be owing, shall thl1 oppose the Discharge of such Prisoner, and mall insist that such Prisoner be continued in Gaol, that ‘

then, and in such Case, such Body Politick or Corporate, or Creditor or Creditors, opposing the said DiAhar^e, to»l-Prisoner’s Discharge as aforesaid, mall, at his, her, or their proper Costs and Charges, allow and pay, low him3s. 6d. Hi the Whole, such a weekly Maintenance to the said Prisoner, not exceeding Three Sellings and oix- Per WeeJt-pence per Week, in such Manner as the said Justices in their General or Quarter Section, or some Ad-

journment thereof, shall order; and, upon Non-payment of the same for the Space of Six Weeks, the said Prisoner, upon Application to the said Justices in their General or Quarter Section held as aforesaid, shall be discharged pursuant to the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XLIII. And whereas,_under former Acts, Creditors have been put to great Expences and Trouble Determination of* in attending every Section and Adjournment, during the whole Continuance of the Act, to oppose to b<

the Discharge of Prisoners clearly excluded from any Benefit under the said respective Acts, but who, 9 after having been before One Section heard and refused a Discharge, to harrass their Creditors, constantly gavefrelh Notices for each subsequent Section and Adjournment, of their intended Applica- tion to be discharged; to remedy which/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in all Cases whatever, the Determination of the Justices in Section shall be final to all Intents and Pur- oMeft the Prifo-poses, unless the Prisoner shall, during the Continuance of this Act, get rid of the Objection or Ob- n*r V? jections for which they refused his Discharge: And, in which Case, it shall and may be lawful to and ^hich rhcy°re-°r for the Justices, at any subsequent Section, upon Application from the Prisoner, upon due Proof on rurcd hi* Dif-Oath made to them by Two or more credible Witness'es (and which Oath they are hereby impowered charge; the Juf-to adrfjinifter) of each Objection or Objections being removed, and on Proof of Notice served, at least tic«, on Proof Ten Days previous to such Application, on the Creditor or Creditors who before opposed his Discharge, and of Notice likewise inserted in the Gazette, in Manner before directed by this Act, to order such w/on being«-Prisoner to be brought before them; and if they shall then be of Opinion the said Prisoner is intitled to moved, &c. may the Benefit of this Act, to order him to be discharged, he taking the Oath, and, in all other Respects, discharge such conforming to the Directions of this Act. Prisoner.

XLIV. Provided also, That every Person and Persons intitled, or to be intitled, to the Benefit of DlfchaT?f,tol>e this Act, shall obtain their respective Discharges on or before the First Day of August, One thousand bj*,neJ by Au-' seven hundred and seventy-four, or shall baexcluded from all Benefit of this Act. gu *774*

XLV. And whereas it may happen that several Persons who may claim and be intitled to the Be- Perfoot fei'ed of riefit of this Act, are seised of an Estate Tail, in some Freehold or of Lands, Tenements, or — aletjJca^, Hereditaments; which Entail, with the Remainders thereupon expectant, they have by Law Power tbi/Aft/ to defeat and bar, either by levying a Fine or Fines, fuft’ering a Common Recovery or Common Re- to dekver up- coveries, or by Surrender or Surrenders thereof, whereby such Person or Persons said Freehold or the same to the of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, and Creditort.

be delivered up, according to the Terms of this Act, for the Benefit of their Creditors;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in every such Case, such Person or Persons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in Law, he deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee; provided the same shall be delivered up to the Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, suffered a Common Recovery or Recoveries, or made a Surrender or Surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seised in Fee; any Law, or Construction of Law, to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And whereas many Prisoners who may be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act,

have been great Dealers, or otherwise engaged in large Transactions, whereby they may be intitled to sundry and great Debts and Demands of various and intricate Natures, and they may be intitled to Equities of Redemption of Estates, subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments, or other Incum- brances, or to Reversions, Remainders, or other contingent Estates in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to other Trusts or Interests iu Estates, both Real and Personal, which may not be fuf- ficiently described or discovered in the Schedule, or Inventory, before directed to be delivered m, upon*

Oath, by the Prisoner to be discharged as aforesaid, or which may want his Aid or Assistance to ad- just, make out, recover, or manage, for the Benefit of the Creditors;’ be it therefore enacted by the A/Hgneff m*y Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Assignees of the Estate »rpiy ft* further and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners who shall obtain his, her, or their Discharge, in pursuance of J/,m,n4t,on this Act, or any other Person or Persons duly authorised by them for that Purpose, from Time to Time, 1nr‘ to apply to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, vety of HisKt— Town, Place, or Liberty, where such Prisoner or Prisoners (halt be then residing, thereby desiring that fc&i, *c, such Prisoner or Prisoners may be further examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his, her,

or*

400 C. 23. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1 772-

tnd jeftieei or their Effect or Effects ^whereupon such Justices shall fend for, or call before them, such Prisoner or may send for Prisoners by such Warrant, Summons, Ways, or Means, as they shall think fit; and, upon such Pri-and examine the foner*8 appearing, he shall examine him, her, or them, as well upon Oath as otherwise, as to such Mat-d ogly!" 4CC° ters and Things as such Assignee shall desire, relating to the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners;

[Prisoners refusing

and if any Prisoner or Prisoners (on Payment or Tender of Payment of such reasonable Charges ing to appear, or as such Justices shall judge sufficient) shall neglect or refuse to come and appear, not having a lawful. to answer upoa Excuse, to be made known to such Justices, and by them allowed, or, being come before them, shall committed* re^u^c to be sworn, or to answer to all such Questions as by such Justices shall be put to him, her, or ° them, relating to the Discovery of his, her, or their Estate or Effects so vested, or intended to be vested,

in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or in such Affig-rees as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend such Prisoner or Prisoners so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the County Gaol, there to remain without Hail or Mainprize, until such Time as he, she, or they, shall submit him, her, or themselves, to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Questions as shall by such Justices be put to him, her, or them, for the Purposes aforesaid.

aol. percent.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person and

allowed on d.f- persons wfo0 shall, within Twelve Months after the Discharge of such Prisoner or Prisoners, volunta-VjTMonths any r*1y come *n a»d make a Discovery of any Part of such Debtor or Debtors Real or Personal Estate as Part of the Pri- shall not be comprised in such Schedule as aforesaid, before any Justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after foyer’s Eftatp the Rate of Twenty Pounds^jrr Centum, out of the Net Produce of such Debtor or Debtors Estate which not returned |n shall be recovered on such Discovery, and which shall be paid to such Person or Persons so discovering the Schedule. the same^ by the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoner’s Estate and Effects.

Discharge oU

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Prisoner

Icntly void.U" or Prisoners by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently,

or that any Part of the Oath taken by any such Prisoner was not true; then, and in every such Case, every such Discharge shall be void and of none ElFe&.

Persons conceal-

XLIX. And, for the better Discovery of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner who shall be dif-tlca? cfathef 6 charged by virtue of this Act,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

[

That^my Person or Per-Prisonr°forfeit sons have acceptec^ of any Trust or Trulls, and shall wilfully conceal or protect any Estate,

1001. and Dou-Real or Personal, of any such Prisoner from his Creditors, and shall iu>t, within Thiuy Days b e Value, with after any Assignee or Assignees shall in pursuance of this Act, be chofc of any such Prisoner’s Estate, Treble Cudi of discover and disclose to such Assignee or Assignees such Tiuft and Estate in Writing, and deliver up or make over the same to such Assignee or Assignees, he, she, or thvy, so offending, shiftL, for every, such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and also Double the Value of the Estate, either Real or Personal, so concealed, to and for the Use of the Creditors of any such Prisoner; to > be recovered by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name or Names of the Assignee or Assignees of such PnioncPs Eftute, together with Treble Costs of Suit.;

Assigneei, with

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful, at all Times Mt orit fnVi- hereafter, for a^y Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall ‘ ,ue oTthe^ie-*" be chose *n pursuance of this Act, by and with the Consent of the major Part in Value of such Pri- 4itor 1,may com- foner or Prisoners Creditors, who shall be present at a Meeting to be had on Twenty-one Days pound for Debt* publick Notice bein^ previously given for the Purpose hereafter mentioned in the London Gazette^ if fUe Pr*oner was Custody in London or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if not, then also

loner t Ettate $ in forne Newspaper which shall be published in the County, City, or Place, in or near which any such Person shall have been in Gaol, to make Composition with any Person or Persons, Debtors or Accountants to such Prisoner or Prisoners, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable \ and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debt as can, upon such Composition, begotten, in full Dif-tft*m»y submit charge of such Debts and Accounts; and also to submit any Difference or Dispute between such Af-ny Dispute re- signee or Assignees, and any Person or Persons, for or on Account, or by Reason or Me^ns of any Unrig thereto to Matter, Cause, or Thing, relating to such Prisoner or Prisoners Estate or Effedb, or to any Debt or Ar jnation $ Debts due, or claimed to be due to or from such Prisoner or Prisoners, to the £nal End and Deter-

mination of Arbitrators to be chosen by the said Assignee or Assignees, and the major Part in Value of such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom they shall have no Difference, and to perform the ,m*y Award of such Arbitrators, or of any Umpire to be chosen by them; or otherwise to settle and agree the same nlZy the Matters in Difference and Dispute between them, in such Manner as the said Assignee or Assignees, shall think fit.1 with such Consent as aforesaid, shall think fit, and can agree, and the same shall be binding to all the

Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and every such Assignee or Assignees is and arepereby in-

demnified for what they shall fairly do in the Premises, in pursuance of this Act.

Assignees may be

LI. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Efuils of such Prisoner or Prisoners as shall mentioned »- be discharged by virtue of this Act, may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her, or

lithciincy1 rca^ Ureditors,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

Fiaad, MiVma- fof the respective Courts at Westminster, and the Courts of Great Session in Wales, and the Principali-nagement, or ty of Chc/ler, and the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Durham, respectively, from whence any Pro-other MUbcha- cess issued upon which any such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were committed, or where the Process

Vi0uri issued out of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Common Picas, and

Exchequer, or of Great Sessions aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, or any One of them, from Time

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 23. 401

Time to Time, upon the Petition of any such Prisoner, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners, complaining of any Inefficiency, Fraud, Mismanagement, or other Misbehaviour of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to summon all Parties

the Court.

concerned, and, upon hearing the Parties concerned therein, to make and give such Orders and Direc-

tions therein, either for the Removal or Displacine such Assignee or Assignees, and the Approving any new arM§

Assignee or Assignees, in the Place or Stead of Rich Assignee or Assignees so to be removed or displaced, m«kc such Or*

or for the prudent, just, or equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and Effect* of any such den therein a*

Prisoner for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think *hcy thin

fit; and ill case of the Removal or Displacing of any Assignee or Assignees, and the Appointing of any "l*

new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or EfTefts of such Prisoner or Prisoners shall, from thenceforth,

be divested out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed or displaced, and be vested in, and delivered*

over to, such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same Manner, and for the same Intents and Purposes,'

as the same were before vested in the Assignee or Assignees first chose as aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where mutual Where Credit hath been given between any Prisoner or Prisoners who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Crt<lit has b"a Act, and any other Person or Persons, or Body Politick or Corporate, before the Delivery of such'

Schedule or Inventory of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners, upon Oath, as aforesaid, tad tnowedf

the respective Assignee and Assignees of such Prisoner or Prisoners is and are hereby authorised and re-

duired, cn his and their Parts, to date and allow an Account between them and the other Party or

Parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer, acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees under such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer, acting as Clerk of the Peace, as the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as

2nd for the Balance of such Account when truly Anted.

4 LI IF. And whereas many Persons are often committed on Attachments, for not paving Money Prisoner*,

awarded to be paid under Submissions to Arbitration by Rules of Court, or under Submissions to Ar-

filtration Bonds, and which Submissions have been made Rules of the Court, in pursuance of an Act der SubmissionT"

paflirJ in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of William the Third, for determining Differences to Arbitration by Arbitration j and likewise for not paying of Coffs duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the for not paying proper Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpose; and also upon any Writ of Excommu- Co*V>. tBfd

niiatn Capiendo* or other Process for, or grounded on, the Non-payment of Costs or Expences in any communicato Cause or Proceeding in any Ecclesi.istical Court it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such capiendo, &cj Persons are and shall be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, on and subject to the same Terms and Con- are intitled to ditions as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only, the Benefit#?

r 1 this Art.

LIV. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been, and are now, imprisoned for Debt Those who are upon Processes issuing out of Courts of Conscienceit is hereby enacted and declared, That all UP°£

such Prisoners shall be intitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be discharged under the same, courMofcSn-provided he, she, or they, conform to the Directions herein before prescribed, touching other Pri- fc^nce^to h"v« (oners who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act. the Benefit of this Act.

[Quaker’s Af-

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Caffs wherein by this Act an Oath is required, the folcmtr Affirmation of any Person being a Quaker shall and may he accepted firmation ro be and taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful «hen in lieo of and false Affirming, shall incur and fairer such and the same Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by an this Act upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Pfcijury.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who Person who took the Benefit of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George took the benefit the Third, intituled, shi Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, shall have or receive any Benefit or Ad- c«o IH^ckIu. vantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed so be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to be rliicharged under the same; any Thing herein before contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend wi°

to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. jan<jt

LVIII. And whereas the Prisoners confined in the Prison of the King’s Bench have lately unwar- *lhc Marftul or rant2b)y, and without Colour of Law, conceived that imprisonment for Debt at the Suit of a Sub- Keeper inv!cn>

jest was contrary to Law, and have therefore formed many dangerous Schemes to set themselves atnfied Liberty, and on the Nineteenth Day of November* One thousand seven hundred and seventy, the Prisoners confined in the said Prison, to the Number of Sixty and upwards, did combine, conspire, confederate, and agree together, by Force and Violence, to break the said Prison and escape thereout, and to enable them so to do, did clandestinely procure divers Weapons to be conveyed into the said Prison, and did on the said Day suddenly and with Violence knock down the Turnkeys,

and overpower them, and fcisc the Keys, and set open the Doors of the said Prisons, and divers Prisoners escaped charged with Debts to a large Amount; and although the Marshalor Keeper of the said Prison used all possible Diligence to retake them, yet 7ohn M^Cuilock^ One of the said Prisoners escaped, and cannot be retaken, and on the Thirteenth Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, a great many other Prisoners, to the Number of One hundred did wickedly, and

40a C. 24. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

unknown for the said Marshal, conspire together by Force and Violence again to break the said Prison, and to escape thereout, and in order to effect the same, did clandestinely procure to be brought into the said Prison a great Number of Fire Arms and other destructive Weapons, and the said rrisoner* in the Night of the said Thirteenth Day of May, with the said Fire Arms and destructive Weapons, did suddenly' and riotously break through Part of the Wall of the said Prison,

and many FMfoners escaped thereout charged with Debts to a large Amount, notwithstanding the Marshal and his Keepers, with all the Assistance he could raise, refifted the said Escape at the Hazard of their Lives, but were overpowered by the Multitude, and inefiffible Force of the said Prisoners; and notwithstanding the most immediate and fresh Pursuit was made, and every Effort used to retake the said Prisoners, yet Daniel Quarrington* Daniel Scotty John Henry Manrety and Isaac de Rovery, Four of the said Prisoners, made their Escape, and cannot be heard of or retaken, and many of the Plaintiffs, at whose Suit the said Prisoners were detained, have brought Actions against the Marshal or Keeper of the said Prison, charging him with negligent Escapes of the said Prisoners, with a View and Design to recover of him the full Debtor Debts, with which such Prisoner or Prisoners flood charged, though they well know the said Escapes happened from the

lawful Conspiracy of the said Prisoners, and from the irresistible Violences aforesaid: And whereas it would tend to the Ruin of the Marshal or Keeper of the said Prison, and also to encourage the most dangerous and illegal Conspiracie9, if Plaintiffs were permitted to sue for and recover the Sums with which such Prisoners flood charged^ as in Cases of voluntary, wilful, and negligent Escapes be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Marshal or Keeper of the said Prison shall be, and he is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged of, and from and against the *Escape £fcape of the said John M^Cullocky Daniel Qyarringtouy Daniel Scotty John Henry Alcinrery and ijaac *n4 all Actions de an<* of, from, and against, all Action and Actions which now are/or shall or may be

commenced re- commenced or prosecuted against him, for or by reason or means of the said Escape of the said John l^tive thereu, M Culhcky Daniel Quarrington, Daniel Scotty John Henry Manrery and Isaac de Rovery, out of his Custody on the said Nineteenth Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, or the said Thirteenth Dav of May, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, or in the Night time of those respective Days; and, at the Trial of any such Action or Actions, it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Marshal of the said Prison to plead the General IfTtie, or such other Pleas as he by Law is i n tided to do, and to give this Act in Evidence, and thereupon the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, 111 such Action* shall be nonsuited; or in case of a Demurrer in any Action already brought, or hereafter to be brought, against the said Marshal or Keeper, for or by reason of the said Escapes of the said John M'Culiocky Daniel Quartington9 Daniel Scotty John Henry Manrery and Isaac de Rovery, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant: Saving nevertheless, to each and every the Creditors of the said John M'^ellotky Daniel Quarrington, Daniel Scotty John Henry Manrery and Isaac de Rovery, all the Remedies against them the said John M^Cullocky Daniel Quarrington, Daniel Scotty John Henry Manrery and Isaac de Rovery, and his and their respective Lands and Tenements, Goods, Chatrels, and Effects, as he, she* or they, would have been incitled unto, in case the fo&John M'Culiocky Daniel Quarnngtwiy Daniel Scotty John Henry Mdnrery and Isaac De Rovery, had not escaped*

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for the better securing and preserving His Majesty's Dock Yards, Magazines, Ships, Ammunition, and Stores.

WHEREAS the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Ships of War, ArfenaTs, Magazines*

Fftaabk.

Dock Yards, Rope Yards, Victualling Offices, Military. Naval, and Victualling Stoics, and

1 the Places where such Stores aie kept or deposited, either within this Realm or in any or the Islands*

Countries, Forts, or Places thereunto belonging, is of great Importance to the Welfare and Security

of the Kingdom; may it please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, either within this Realm, or in any of the lilands. Countries* Forts, or Places thereunto belonging, wilfully and maliciously set on fire, or burn, or otherwise destroy* or cause to be set on fire, or burnt, or otherwise defttoyed, or aid, procure, ab.t, or assist in the letting on fire, or burning, or otherwise destroying of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, whether the said Ships or Vessels of War be on float or building, or begun to be built, in any of Eli* Majesty's Dock Yards, or building or repairing by Contract in any private Yards, for the Use of His Majesty, or any of His Majesty's Arsenals, Magazines, Dock Yards, Rope Yards, Victualling Offices, or any of the Buildings erected therein, or belonging thereto; or any Timber or Matei iaE theie placed, for budding, repairing, or fitting out of Ships or Vessels; or any of His MajestCs Military, Naval, or Victualling Stores, or other Ammunition of War, or any Place or Places, where any such Military, Naval, or

Timber, or Ma- Victualling Stores, or other Ammunition of War is, are, or shall be kept, placed, or deposited; that tenuis, there then the Person or Persons guilty of any such Offence, being thereof convicted in due form of Law, shall 5 °Eany, be adjudged guilty Of Felony, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Military, Naval, 0 0 7

9r Victualling,

Stores, vxc. being thereof convt&ed in due Form of law, flail lofier Death, m in Ca&t ef Felony, without Benefit of Clergy,

Persons who shall wilfully set on nre, burn, or deftn y Ships of War., or aid or alliil in so doing, in any of His Ma-|cfiy’s Doik Yards, Arfenah, Magax nes, *ttc. rany Buildings,

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 25. 403

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall commit any of Personoffendii* the Offences before mentioned, in any Place out of this Realm, may be indicted and tried for the same, °ut of thi* either in any Shire or County within this Realm, in like Manner and Form, as if such Offence had-*e^’nmaa;L e been committed within the said Shire or County, or in such Island, Country, or Place, where such shire, &c. Jith-Offence shall have been actually commited, as His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, may deem moil in the realm, expedient for bringing such Offender to Justice; any Law, Usage or Custom notwithstanding.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the more effectual vesting in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Naval Officers, Seamen, and Marines, in Prizes taken from the Enemy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, previous to, and during the Course of, the late Wars against France and Stain

divers Ships and Vessels were taken from the Enemy by several of His Majesty's Ships of War,

and Fort Lewis at Senegal^ the Island of Goree, the Idands of Martinicos Guadehpe, and several other of the Leeward Idands, the Towns of Pondicherry and Karricaly and divers other Settlements on the Co.tft of Coromandel, the Fortresses of Chanelenagorey Budgia 7annay and Hughley, in or near the Pro- vince of Bnigaly and the Fortress of Geriahy the Town of Havanna^ and sundry Ships of War in the 1 Harbou- thereof, the City, Town, and Fort of AIanillay and divers other Forts, Settlements, and Places of or belonging to or under the Dominion of the Crowns of Prance and Spain, or their Allies,

were reduced and taken by the conjunct Force of His Majesty's Navy and Army; and large Quantities of Money, Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, were taken and seized, as Booty or Plunder, by such conjunct Force; and divers Sums of Money were paid, or given or agreed to be pud, by way of Ranfoin, to the Officers, Soldiers, and Sailors, who had conjunctively taken and seized sundry Goods,

Wares, and Merchandises, as Booty or Plunder; and also for the Ransom of sundry Forts, Places,

Settlements, and Islands, so reduced and taken by such conjunct Force as aforesaid; and also divers Sums of Money were given by certain foreign Princes, in Alliance with the Crown of Great Britain,

and of the trading Companies thereunto belonging, and subject, by way of Donation to, and to be distributed among, such Officers, Soldiers, and Sailors, as had affided such foreign Princes, in Recom- pence for their good Service and Assistance: And whereas certain Acts were made in the Twenty- and 33

ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Second Year of the Reign Gw. II. and Act of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectually man- 1 co*

ning His Majesty's Navy; and for the more effectual securing the Payment of such Prize and Bounty Money as were thereby appropriated to the Use of Greenwich Hospital: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Ships and Vessels so taken, previous to the Commencement of the late War, and the Booty or Plunder 10 taken on Shore by such conjunct Force, and the said Ships so taken in the Harbour of Havanna, and such Ransom, and also such Donations as aforesaid, can be considered as subject to such Distribution as in the said Acts are mentioned; and whether such Shares thereof, as have been forfeited and unclaimed by the Officers and Seamen serving on board His Majesty's Navy,

do belong to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent; and whether fucU Shares ought to be paid by the several Agents, or other Persons in whose Hands the said forfeited and unclaimed Shares do now remain to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, for the Use thereof: For Re- medy whereof, and to obviate all Doubts and Difficulties which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the said forfeited and unclaimed Shares, may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi- (

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the Ass $unjf tn-f. fame. That all and every Sum and Sums of Money, arising by Sale of any Ship or Vessel taken from in? by saic of the Enemy, previous to the Commencement of the late War, and now remaining unpaid to the Cnp- ship#, ,sc. tors thereof, and all and every the Booty Money, Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, which were so taken irrvieut taken by such conjunct Force, on Shore, and the Money paid, or agreed to be paid, for the Ransom oft0 the Corn* any Ship, Town, Fort, Place, Settlement, or Island, so reduced and taken by such conjunct Force, or r

of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandises found therein; and all and every Ship and Ships taken by, or n-.e.-u onnai/rc-surrendered by virtue of any Capitulation, or otherwise, to such conjunct Force, and also all such Mo- m, h irhy nics as have been given by way of Donation as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be included in rccnxd r0 be the said Acts, and to be subject to such and the same Mode of Distribution, Management, and Appli- J-"cjuA^ '? cation, as any other Ships, Vessels, Goods, and Merchandises, were, pursuant to the said Acts, liable to, rui,;emothe or ought to be subject, but not so as to impeach, affect, or disturb any Mode of Distribution, which irVV,r ot may have been already adopted, or any Payments which have been actually and bona fde made agree- 1 buti#n >n* able thereto. Amotion.

II. Provided always nevertheless. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to c ur* or A.'mi-exrcnd, so as to make it necessary to have nny Capture on Shore, condemned as lawful Prize in any

Court of Admiralty, or to give any Court of Admiralty any greater or other Power or Jurisdiction, than what such Court would be intitled to, in case this Act had not been made.;

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Agent and Agents, (G/ho, at the Time of passing this Act, shall be

iutoi and appointed for the Receipt and Distribution of the Booty and Plunder, found in the Foard*

3F 2 o\

Ail Ap

nil and every Person and Perfl ns, ug be residing in eat Britain) ron»i-

404. C. 25.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

6t of the Wan-lorn of ships. Font, Stc.

shall, before March 25, 1773, pay to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, all Sums then remaining in their Hand*, on account the Shares of

of Gcriah, or of the Money arising by the Sale of any Ship, Vessel, Goods, and Merchandise, taken from the Enemy during the late Wars with France and Spain, or of the Booty and Plunder found in any Town, Fort, Place, or Settlement, reduced and taken, during such Wars as aforesaid, or of the Ran-fora of any Ship, Town, Fort, Place, Settlement, or Island, or of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, reduced and taken as aforesaid, or of any such Donation as aforesaid, or on any Bounty Bill, or Bounty Bills, given or granted for the taking, burning, sinking, or destroying any of the Enemies Ships of War, or Privateers, during such Wars as aforesaid, their Executors or Administrators, and all and every Person and Persons acting as such Agent or Agents, and redding in Great Britain as aforesaid, their Executors or Administrators, shall, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, account for, and pay to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, or to his sufficient Deputy or Agent, for the Use of the said Hospital, 2II and every Sum and Sums of Money, as shall be then remaining in their Hands, on account of such Shares of the Money arising as aforesaid, as would h vesselonged to such Officers and Men of His Majesty's Navy and Marines, who had forfeited the same, by deferring from His Majesty's Service, in case they had not (o deserted, and also such Shares thereof as were forfeited by the several Naval Officers, Seamen, and Marines intitled thereto, on Occasion of their not claiming the same, within Three Years from the respective Times appointed for the Payment of the said Shares, by the publick Notifications given of the Times of such Payment, pursuant to the said Acts of Parliament.

Officers, &c. who

hive deserted; tod all forfeited Share*, not claimed within Three Years from the respective Timet appointed for the Payments.

Naval Officers, See prevented from claiming within the limited Time, giving sufficient Proof to the Board of Dilectors of their Inability, to have their Shares refunded by the Treasurer.

Forfeitures and unclaimed Shades, to be recovered by Bill or Information After March a5, 1773, Suita broi ght in Behalf of :be Hof-pi'al against Agent?,

3 1. per Cent, interest for Monies in their Hands, to be paid by said Agents.

Agentr, before Dec. 31, 1773, to pay, to the Treasurer of the Hospital, all bums rcma.ning in 1 heir HjitJs on renunt of i’uch Slu.cs j

IV. And whereas it hath frequently happened that divers Naval Officers, Seamen, and Marines,

have been prevented, by Absence, or other inevitable. Accidents, from claiming their Shares of Prize and Bounty Money, within Three Years after publick Notifications have been given of the Time appointed for Payment thereof*/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Naval Officer, Seaman, or Marine, his Executors or Administrators, shall, after his Share of Prize or Bounty Money has been paid to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his Deputy, for the Use thereof, by virtue of this Act, give sufficient Proof to the Board of Directors of the said Hospital of his Inability of claiming his Share of Prize and Bounty Money in due Time, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Board of Directors, and they are hereby impowered to order the Treasurer of the said Hospital to refund and pay to such Naval Officer, Seaman, or Marine, his Executors or Administrators, such his Share of Prize or Bounty Money, so received by the said Treasurer; and that the Treasurer of the said Hospital shall be allowed such Payment, on passing his Account before the Auditor of the said Hospital.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prizes, and other Benefits accruing to the said Hospital, by virtue of this or any former Acr, shall and may be recovered by any Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, to be brought in the Name of the Mailer, or Governor, and Treasurer of the said Hospital, for the Time being.

VI. And whereas many Agents appointed for the Receipt and Distribution of Prize Money, and Money arising on Bounty Bills, have been induced to delay the Payment of forfeited and unclaimed Shares, due to the said Royal Hospital, by virtue of the said Acts, and to carry on long and expensive Litigations with the Governor and Treasurer of the said Hospital, in consideration that the Interest of the Money due to the said Hospital, for such forfeited and unclaimed Shares, does sometimes farex- cccd, or may be at least equivalent to the Costs of the said Agents, attending such Litigations; for Remedy whereof/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit shall, after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law or Equity, by or on the Behalf of the said Hospital, against any Agent or Agents nominated and appointed for the Purposes aforesaid, or either of them, or against any Person or Persons acting as such Agent or Agents, (who at the Time of passing this Act shall be residing in Great Britain), their Executors or Administrators, for an Account of, or to compel Payment of any such Shares as aforesaid; such Agent or Agents, or Per foil or Persons acting as such, their Executors or Administrators, shall pay to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or to his sufficient Deputy, for the Use thereof, interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Gentum per Annum, for such Sums of Money as shall, in the Event of the said Suit, appear to be remaining in the Hands of such Agent or Person respectively, on account of such forfeited and unclaimed Shares as aforesaid, together wfth the Amount of such forfeited and unclaimed Shares; such interest to be computed from the End of Three Years next after the Time appointed by such Notifications as shall have been given puifjant to the said Acts for the Payment of such Shares as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Agent and Agents, (who at the Time of passing this Act shall be residing in Parts beyond the Seas), nominated and appointed for the Receipt and Distribution of the Money arising by the Sale of any Ship, Vessel, Goods, and Merchandise, taken from the Enemy during the late Wars with France and Spain, or of the Booty and Plunder found in any Town, Fort, Place, or Settlement, reduced and taken during such Wars as aforesaid, or of the Ransom of any Ship, Town, Fort, Place, Settlement, or Bland, or of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, reduced and taken as aforesaid, or on-any Bounty Bill, of Bounty Bills, given or granted for the taking, burning, sinking, or destroying, any of the Enemies Ships of War or Privitetrs, during such Wars as aforesaid, their Executors or Ad-ndnitliators, and all and every Person and Persons adiing as such Agent or Agents, and residing in Parts beyond the Seas as aforesaid, their Executors or Administrators, other than and except such

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 26. 405

Agents or Persons as are or shall be residing in East India \ shall, on or before the Thirty-first Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, account for and pay to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent y or to his sufficient Deputy, Attorney, or Ag-Jiit, for the Use of the said Hospital, ail and every Sum and Sums of Money as shall be then remaining in their H inds, on account of such Shares of the Money arising as aforesaid, as would have belonged to such Oncers and Men of His Majesty's Navy and Marines, who had forfeited the same by deferring from His Majesty's Service, in case they had not so deserted, and also such Shares thereof as were forfeited by the several Naval Officers, Seamen, and Mariners, intitled thereto, on Occasion of their not claiming the same within Three Years from the respective Times appointed foe the Payment of the said Shares, by the publick Notifications given of such Payment, pursuant to the said Acts; and that such Agents or Persons as are or shall be residing in East India shall account for, and pay to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or to his sufficient Deputy, Attorney, or Agent, for the Use thereof, such Shares as aforesaid, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four: And that if any Suit shall, *nd if my Suit after the said Thirty-first Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, be brought Aal.1 j* brou*ht in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law or Equity by or on Behalf of the said Hospital, against any Agent or Agents nominated and appointed for the Purposes aforesaid, or either of them, or against any ccptVuch iTare Person or Persons acting as such Agent or Agents, (who at the Time of passing this Act shall be in East India, to residing in Parts beyond the Seas), their Executors or Administrators, other than and except such as compel Payment are or shall be residing in East India, for an Account of, or to compel Payment of any such Shares as ®JSharJ*» such aforesaid; such Agent or Agents, Person or Persons, adiing as such, their Executors or Administrators, *J6"* cent!* shall pay to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or to his sufficient Deputy, Attorney, or/og^, with Agent, for the Use thereof, Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum% for such Sum of the Amount of Money as shall, in the Event of the said Suit, appear to be remaining in the Hands of such Agent or unclaimed Person respectively, on account of such forfeited and unclaimed Shares.as aforesaid, together with the Sh*/*5 Iotert^ Amount of such forfeited and unclaimed Shares \ such Interest to be computed from the End of Three 2ter t Years' Years next after the Time appointed by such Notifications, as have been given pursuant to the said Notification. Acts, for the Payment of such Shares as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con ft rued to extend, No Agreement

so as to vacate any Agreement entered into between the Commanders of His Majesty's Sea and Land to v^Str Forces conjunctively employed in the Expedition against Manilla, or any other Place, during the late ^der* of sS" Wars with France and Spain and Land Forces*

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Sum and Sums of Money ai\ Money due as by virtue of such Agreements became due to His Majesty's Land Forces, and are now remaining to Land Forcca unclaimed in the H mds of any Agent or Agents, shall be forthwith paid to the Commissioners appointed no* unclaimed, by an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to oblige Agents for Prixe

Money to account for such Sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of Hit foJhwYthp.id Majesty's Land Forces, and for the Application reof j to be applied by the said Commissioners accord- the Comissioning to the Directions of the said Act. ers appointed by.

Act 5 Geo. III. to be applied as the said Act directs.

X. And be it ^irther enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act; and all Publick Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without Ipcually pleading the same.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for Imbanking, Draining, and Preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in' the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon\ and in the Parishes of Doddington, ' March, Benwick, Wimblington, and Chatteris, within the IfU of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and for Amending the Road from a certain Bridge in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called Vermuyden's, or The Forty Feet Drain, to a,

Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey.

WHEREAS the Bank of the Drain called Vermuydenr, or The Forty Feet Drain, from a certain PrambU.

Bridge in the Parish of Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely> in the County of Cambridge, called

Carter's Bridge, to a certain Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, on the North Side thereof; and the

Bank on the West Side of Lands called Thistle Green, to B re: da IPj, otherwise Broadwell's Old Bank,

on the East Side of Ramsey Meer, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and the Bank of the Great Hilks, in Ratify aforesaid; and the Banks of the River Nene> on the South and South East Sides thereof, from Ramsey Meer aforesaid, along the said River to Benwick; and from thence to a certain House called Copalder Ho use; and from thence by or along the said River to a certain Place in the Parish of Doddington, within the Jfecf Ely, in the County of Cambridge, called Flood's Ferryby Ranfon Moore \ and from thence by Borough Moore to Borough Moore Common \ are in so ruinous a State that they cannot be any longer prTerved or kept in Repair, whereby the Lands lying adjoining to the said Bank$ are, through the Inefficiency of the same, overflowed with Water, to the great Prejudice of the Owners and Occupiers thereof: And whereas the said Lands, so over-

flowed

406 C. 26.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

\ D. 1772.

flowed by such Inefficiency of the Banks, contain in the Whoi#Eight thousand six hundred Acres* or thereabouts, and are abutted and bounded as follows; that is to say, On the South, by the said Drain called Vermuyderis Drain, otherwise The Forty Feet Drain, from Caller's Bridge aforesaid, to the said Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ratnfey; and from thence, on the West Side of Thi/lle Green aforesaid, to Broadall's Bank aforesaid; and fropi thence, along the said Old Bank on the East Side of Ramsey Meer, in the said Parish of Ramsey, to the West Side of Lands called The Great Hi Iks; and from thence along the said Great Hilks, on the North and Weft Sides thereof, to the River Nene; and from thence, along the East Side of the said River Neney by and through the said Hamlet of Benwick, to a certain House called Copalder House; and from thence, along the said River Nene, to Flood's Ferry; and from thence, along the said River, through Lands called Little Bradney Moore and Borough Moore, to the North East Side of Lands of Mr. John Household, next a certain Place called Borough Moore Common; and from thence, along the said Lands of the said John Household, next Borough Moore Common aforesaid, but excluding the said Common, to a certain Drove or Bank in March called Ranfon Moore Black Bank, and along the said Bank to the Hard Lands of Borough Moore Common; and from thence, on the East Side of Linds of John Waddington Esquire, next Linwood Farm, excluding the said Farm, to a certain Drain called Middle Drain; and from thence* along and across the said Drain, to Sedge Fen Drove; and by and along the said Drove, towards the South East, to the North East Corner of Lands of H'clden Onrr, Humphry Sturt, Esquires, 2nd other?;

.4 and along the East End of the said Lands, and the East End of Lands of the said John Waddington and of Elizabeth Johnson, to the West End of an old Partition Dyke running across a certain Dole of the said Elizabeth Johnson, lying next Wimblington Green; and then along the said Partition Ditch to the .4 East Side of the said Dole; and then Southward, along the East Side of the said Dole, and the East Side of a certain Dole of John Waddington Esquire, next IVunblington Green aforesaid; and across a Ditch at the South-east Corner thereof, to the Hard Lands of the Park Leys\ and along the Skirts of the said Hard Land of Park Leys*aforesaid, and the Skirts of the Hard Lands of Appleborough, and other Hard Lands of Doddington, to Copalder Drove aforesaid, excluding the said Hjrd Lands; and from thence, by and ajong the said Hard Lands of Doddington aforesaid, but on the West Side thereof, to. the Turnpike Road at Doddington causeway\ and by and along the said Turnpike Road to Carter's

Bridge aforesaid: And whereas the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds so described as aforesaid, by reason of the low Situation thereof, and the Decay of the said Banks, cannot be sufficiently drained by the Means now used for draining the same without the Aid and Assistance of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-Thewho’eFen rrions> *n Prc^ent Parliament assembled, and ny the Authority of the same, That the said several

Lands^itefaibed Fen Lands and low Grounds so abuttaled, bounded, and described as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby make Two fepa- made Two separate Distri&s, with respect to the repairing and keeping in repair the said Banks of the rat* D.stricts for said River Nene, and the said Forty Feet Drain, otherwise Vermvydens Drain, and the several other out-*ba, ll^n8 lhc ward Banks herein before particularly abuttaled, bounded, and described; That is to say, that so much of River.Nene; the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds as lie on the South Side of Copalder Drove aforesaid, fh.ill be and be called The Upper Di/frifi or Division; and that the Remainder of the said Lands and Grounds lying on the *nd the said Fem North Side of the said Drove, shall be and be called The Lower Dithitt or Division\ and that the said Lands, fode- several Fen Lands and low Grounds so abuttaled and described as aforesaid, shall b^and are hereby di-feribed, aredivi- vided into Five Districts, with respect to the draining the same; and that the Lands and Grounds, containing Five hundred and thirty Acres, or thereabouts, being Part and Parcel of the Lands and Grounds herein before described, and called by the fevtfral Names of The Great Hilks, Broadall's, otherwise BroadweWs BroadaW s Holt, other wise Broadwell's Holt, and The Pollin's, and abutted and abounded as ^follows; that is to say. From the Weft Corner of Lands of William Fellowes, Esquire, in BroadalVs, uining. otherwise Broadwell's aforesaid, in the said Parish of Ramsey, called Betty's Nofc, nexc the said Forty Feet Bank; by and along the said Bank to the Highlands near the said Forty Feet Bridge; and from thence* J on the West Side or Lands called Thi/lle Green to Broadall's, othenSvifc Broadwell's Oil Bcnk\ and from

thence along the said Old Bank, on the East Side of Ramsey Meer to the Great Hilks> and along the said Great Hilks, on the South West Side thereof, to the said River Nene, including the said Hilks; and along the said Bank of the said Rivet Nene, to a certain Stile in the said Lands, called The Poliinsr ©n the East Side thereof, next Lands of the said William Fellows; and along the said Lands called The Pollins, on the East Side thereof, to the North End of a Drove called The Four Hundred Acre DrovS, including the Outring Ditch, which parts The Four Hundred Acre Farm, Pollins, and Broadalls; and along the said Drove to the North Corner of Lands of Thomas Searle; and from thence Eastward along the said Lands, but on the Noith Side thereof, to the Weft Corner of Benwick Turfs Fen, and from thence, along a certain Droveway called The Turfs Fen Drove, leading to Ramsey aforesaid; and from thence, along the said Drove, towards the South West to Lands of Francis Ibberson, in Broadwell's Holt; and from thence, by the Division Ditch of the said Lands of the said Francis Ibberson, and the said Lands called Betty sNoJe, to the Forty Feet Drain aforesaid; and that the said last mentioned Lands, so described as aforesaid, shall be called and taken as and for the First District or Divifon: And that ScomJ Distria. the Lands and Grounds, containing by Estimation Four hundred and forty Acres, or thereabouts, lyin< in the Hamlet of Benwick aforesaid, being other Part and Parcel of the Lands and Grounds within the said upper Diibidt, and abuttaled and bounded as follows; that is to say, from a certain Stile called The Chapel Stile, in the Hamlet of Benwick aforesaid, next the said River Nene, on the South Side thereof; and from thence, along the said River, to a certain old Drain, Sewer, or Dike, 3 called

<lrd into Five Distn&s for draining.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 2b. 407

called the The Smee Dike, on the West Side thereof, to a certain old Drain or Sewer called The West Water: and from the said old Sewer or Drain called The West Water, on the South Side of Lands of the said Francis Ibberson, forae Time fmce the Estate of Thomas Weddington, Esquire, deceased, and along the said Lands to the South Side ot Lands of John Burgess the elder. Gentleman; and along the same Lands, on the South Side thereof, to the £outh Side of Lands of John Gascoyne and John Byfield; and alone the same Lands, to the South Side of Lands of David Burgess, Gentleman; and alone the same Lands, on the South Side thereof, to Lands of Mr. John Cooper; and along the same Lanas, on the Southward Side thereof to the Lands called Benwick Turfs Fen 5 and along the said Turfs Fen, on the South Side thereof, and including the same, to the West Side of Lands of Thomas Lanzman \ and from thence, along the same Lands, on the West Side of the said Lands of the said Thomas Langnwn, to the North Side thereof; and from thence to the North Side of the said Benwick Turfs Fen; and along the same, on the North, to the North bide of the Lands of the said John Cooper; and along the said Lands of the said John Cooper, to Lands of the said John Burgess; and along the fanv: Lands, by 'he Out-ring Ditch, dividing Lands of the said John Burgess and David Burgess, to the Chapel Stile of Ben-wick aforesaid; and that the last mentioned Land shall be called The Second Difirtfi or Divijhn: /iiid Third District* that the Lands and Grounds, containing, by Estimation, Seven hundred and leven;y Acres, or thereabouts, lying and being in Dykcan oore, in Doddington, and Benwick aforesaid, and being o^er Part and,

Parcel of the said Lands and Grounds wituin t e said upper District. and abuttaled and bounded as

follows; that is to say, from the East Side of L <nds of Master Thomas Burgess, along the said River

Note, to the West Side of Lands of Master William Longman, at a certain Drove called Copaiier

Drove; and by or along the lahl Lands of the said William Langman, Isaac Garner s H.irs, John

Allot, the said William Langman, and John Waddington, Esquire, next Copatder Drove, aforesaid, but

on the South Side of the said Drove; and along the said Lands of the said John Waddington, on he

E^ft, to the East End of Lands of the said William L mgman; and along the same Lands, on the

Ealt Side thereof, to the East SiJe of other Lands of the said John Waddington; an! along the said

Lands, to the East Side of Lands of Richard Brooks; and along the same L *nds, on the East Side

thereof, across Dykeamore Drove, to the East Side of Lands Called Boot's Piece \ and along the said

Piece of Land called Boot's Piece, on the East Side thereof, to the South East Co ner or the said

Lands; and from thence along the Ditch, on the South Side of Boot's Piece aforesaid, to the

North East Corner of Lands of Walden Orme and Humphry Sturt, Esquires, and others; and from thence, along the East Side of the said Lards, to the said Forty Feet Bank; and along the said Forty Feet Bank, Wtftwaid, to the West End of Lands late of Fleming

Esquire, in the Occupation of Richard Lovell\ and f om thence, along the said Lands, by a Ditch

dividing the same from the Lands of the said Francis Ibberson, called Morris's Farm, to the said Old

Sewer called The Wefi Water, and along the said Weft Water, by Lands formerly of

Jarman, but now of William Hutchinson, to the said Smee Dike; and from thence along the said Smee

Dike to Lands of John Garner, in Right of his Wife, late Gardine's; and from thence along the said

Lands, but on the North Side thereof, to the West Side of Lands of James Loomes; and from thence

along ib<* laid Lands of the said James Loomes, bur on the*West Side th reof, to the West Side of Lands

of the said William Langman; and along the said Lands of the said William Langman, but on the Weft

Side thereof, to me laid River Nate; and that the said last mentioned Lands do and shall be called The

Third Dislrid or Divijhn: And that the Lands and Grounds, containing One thousand ami Eighty Foujth Dirtrift.

Acres, or thereabouts, lying and being in Doddington and Chatteris aforesaid, being other Part or Parcel of the said Lands md Grounds within the said Upper District, and abuttaled and bounded as follows; that

is to say, From the East End of the said Lands of the said John Waddington, Esquire, at Copalder Drive

aforesaid, along Lands late of Sir Thomas Peyton, Baronet, deceased, but now of Henry Peyton,

Esquire, by the said Drove, to the Half End of Lznds of the said John Waddington, Esquire, and Thomas Thompfn, on the Noith Side thereof, to Doddington Hards, including the Low Lands of the said Thomas Thompfn, and along the said Hard Lands towards the South, but on ihc Wed Side thereof, to the Turnpike Road; and from thence by or along the said Turnpike Road to Carter's Bridge aforesaid, at the Forty Feet Drain aforesaid; and from the said Bridge along the said Drain, calbd Vermuyderis Drain, otherwise The Forty Feet Drain, towards the West, to the East End of Lands of the said Walden Orme, and others; and from thence along Lands of the said Henry Peyton, Hidden Orme, Humphry Sturt, and Felton Harvey, and John ll'addington, to the Ditch dividing the said Lands of the said John Waddington, from Boot's Piece aforesaid, and along the said Lands of the said John Waddington, to the said Drove called Dykeamoire s Drove; and from thence along other Lands of the said ll aiden (dime, and others, lying next the last mentioned District, vo Lands of Doctor Gordon, and alone the same Lands to Lands of Thomas Burgess the younger; and from thence to the West

Side of other Lands of the said Doctor Gordon; and from thence alone tli£ said Lands to orfier Lands of the said John Waddington\ and from thence along L nds#to the West Side of Lands of Edward Ingle;

and from Menre aloni; the said Lands to the Well Side of Lands of the said Henry Peyton± and from

thence along the said Lends to the West Side of Lmds of the said Wallen Orme, and others; and from

thence along the said Lands to the West Side of Lands of the said Henry Peyton, and along ihc said

Lands next the last mentioned Boundary of the said '1 'hard DidriCl or Divihon, to Copalder Drove afore-

fiid; ahJ that the said last mentioned Lands shall be called The Fourth District or Diiijhn; And that pififcDiftriO.

tie Lands and Grounds, containing by Estimation Four thousand one hundred and eighty Acres, or

thereabouts, lying and being in Ranjon Moore, Little Brad ey Moore, Borough Moore, Benwick Lott,

Benwick Brcadentlap} Bedlam Coneywood Fen> and the Doles, being other Part or Parcel of the said Lands

and

408 C. 26. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

and Grounds herein-before abuttaled, bounded, and described, and abuttaled and bounded as follows; that is to say. From Copalder Drove, at Copalder House aforesaid, along the said River Nene, through Ranjon Moore aforesaid, to Flood's Ferry; and from thence along the said River Neney through Little Bradnrv Moore aforesaid, to Lands of John Household called Borough Moore aforesaid, at Ranson Moorcy Black Bank, and along the said Drove or Bank to the Hard Lands of Borough Moore Common aforesaid; and from thence along the East Side of Lands of the said John Waddington Esquire, next Linwood Farm, but excluding the said Farm, to a Certain Drain called The Middle Drain; and from thence along and across the said Drain to Sedge Fen Drove, and by and along the said Drove towards the South-cast to the North-east Corner of Lands of the said Walden Ormey Humphry Sturty Esquires, and others, and along the East End of the said Lands, and the East End of Lands of the said John Waddington and of Elizabeth Johnson, to the West End of an old Partition Dyke running across a certain Dole of the said Elizabeth John Ion y lying next IVimblington Green, and then along the said Partition Dyke to the East Side of the said Dole, and then Southward along the East Side of the said Dole, and the East Side of a certain Dole of John Waddington Esquire, next IVimblington Green aforesaid, and across a Ditch at the South East Corner thereof, to the Hard Lands of the Park Leys, and along the Skirts of the said Hard Lands of Park Leys aforesaid, and the Skirts of the said Hard Lands of rfbpleborough, and other Hard Lands of Doddington, to Copalder Drove aforesaid, including the said Hard Lands, but excluding such Parts of the Lands as are or shall be taken or deemed to be High Lands, or not liable to be overflowed, and along the said Drove Westward to the said River Nene at Copalder House aforesaid; and that the said last mentioned Lands shall be called The Fifth Dislricf or Division \ and that the Waters of the said Districts, and every of them, shall be conveyed from and out of the said Districts respectively into the said River Nfene, and the said Forty Feet L>rainy and in no other Manner whatsoever.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Persons herein after mentioned shall be, and hereby are constituted and appointed General Commissioners for the executing General.Distnft and effecting the Powers, Authorities, and Purposes of this- present Act within the said Upper District, or tm an ing. far as t^e fame re]ates to the Imfoanking the said River Nene and Forty Feet Drain, and for the erecting and building Toll-houses and Turnpikes on the Li id Forty Feet Bank, and receiving and collecting Tolls of Passengers going thereon; that is to say. The Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor of Ramsey, the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor of Dod.di i£ton, and, in their Absence, his, her, or their respective Agents or Stewards, the Rector of Doddington for the Time being, and each and every Owner for the Time being of Ten Acres of Land subject to be raxed by virtue of this Act, and lying within the Limits of the said Upper District, shall be, and aie hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act, and shall and may put this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein after contained, in Execution within the said District, with respect to the lmbanking the said River Nene and the Forty Feet Drainy and erecting and building Toll-houses and Turnpikes on the said Forty Feet Bank, and receiving and collecting Tolls of Passengers going thereon, notwithstanding their being interested therein.

Ownen of 100

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Acr« of Land in any person who is the real Owner of One hundred Acres of Land lying within the said Upper District, trift may ap-*" an^ Pay*n£ Taxes thereto, and every such respective Owner is hereby authorised and impowered to appoint a Commis- point, by Writing under his or her Hand and Seal, from Time to Time, and for such Time as he or fioner. (he shall think proper. One Commissioner for every One hundred Acres of such taxable Lands lying

within the Limits of the said District, such Deputy or Deputies to be the real Owner or Owners of Six Acres of taxable Lands, or to be pofftfled of a Personal Estate of the Value of Fifty Pounds, and not acting as a Commissioner in his own Right, except Lords and Ladies of Manors, over and above the Commissioners herein-before appointed for tr.c putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein after contained, in Execution, with respect to the lmbanking the said River Net,e and Fifty Feet. Drain, and the erecting and building Toll-houses and Turnpikes on the said Forty Feet Bank, and receiving and collecting Tolls of Passengers going thereon, notwithstanding their being interested therein.

IV. And, in order that a sufficient Number of Commissioners may be appointed for carrying this Act into Execution for the said Five Districts or Divisions, with respect to the draining the same/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every Owner for the'l ime being respectively of Six Acres of Land in their own Right, subject to be taxed by virtue of this Act, and lying respectively to bea within the said First District or Division, shall be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the

D rtCrA°r F rl said First District or Division, for putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein after Owner of Six contained, into Execution, with respect to the said First District; and that each and every Owner Acte* of Land for the Time being respectively of Six Acres of Land in their own Right, subject to be taxed by virtue to be a Commis- of this Act, and lying respectively within the said Second District or Division, lh.il! be, and are hereby fioner for Second appointed Commissioners for the said Second District or Division, for putting this Act, and all the Powers O vnc^ of Ten an(* Authorities herein after contained, into Execution, with respect to the said Second District; and A ere Toward 10 that each and every Owner for the Time being respectively, of Ten Acres of Land in their own Right, be a Commis- fubicdl to be taxed by virtue of this Act, and lying respectively within the said Third District or Di-# fioner f r she viiion, shall be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the said Third District or Division, for Third putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein after contained, into Execution, with*

Acres^to be^a" re0)ec1 to the said Third District; and that tach and every Owner for the Time being respectively, of Cornir.(VionciTor Tcn Acres in their own Right, subject to be taxed by virtue of this Act, and Iving respectively the Fourth Di- Within the said Fourth District or Division, shall be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners for flr.a. # the

*Commissioners.

Owner of Six Acres of Land

Commissi^oers

appointed for

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 26. 409

the said Fourth District or Division, for putting this Act* and all the Powers and Authorities herein after contained, into Execution, with respect to the said Fourth District; and that the said several Persons herein after mentioned shall be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners for executing and effecting all the Powers, Authorities, and Purposes of this Act, relating both to the imbanking and draining, with respect to that Parr or Parcel of the said Lands and Grounds called the said Lower District; aid that each and every Owner for the Time being respectively, of Twenty Acres in their Corner of Twen-own Right, subject to be taxed by virtue of this Act, a ad lying respectively within the said Lower or Jy Acre« to bca Fifth District or Division, shall be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the said Lower 05 Fifs

Fifth District or Division, for putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein after con- 1

tained, inro Execution, with respect to the said Lower or Fifth District.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful Owner of Fifty for ar.y Person who is the real Owner of Fifty Acres or more of taxable Land lying within the said £-cr*s of tlxable Four Upper Districts, and every such respective Owner is hereby authorised and impowered to appoint,

by Writing under his or her Hand, from Time to Time, and for such Time or Times as he or she nafflbner for shall think proper. One Commissioner for every such Fifty Acres of taxable Lands lying within each of Fifty a«c*. the said Four Upper Districts respectively, over and above the Commissioners herein-before appointed for the putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein contained, into Execution, such Deputy to be the real Owner of Two Acres of taxable Lands in fume One of the said Four Upper Districts or Divisions, or possessed of a personal Estate of the Value of Fifty Pounds; and such Commissioner so nominated and appointed by such Owner or Owners of such Fifty Acres respectively as aforesaid, shall be a Commissioner to all Intents and Purposes for carrying this Act into Execution, so far as the same relates to the Drainage of the said Four Upper District* respectively,

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person Owner* of Fifty who is the real Owner of Fifty Acres or more of taxable Lands, lying within the said Lower or Fifth ACpVu District or Division, and every such respective Owner# is hereby authorised and impowered to ap* V,^1141 point, in Manner aforesaid, One Commissioner for every Fifty Acres of taxable Lands lying within Commissioner the said Lower or Fifth District, over and above the Commissioners herein-before appointed for putting for imbanking this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities hereby given* into Execution, with respect to the said *& draining. Lower or Fifth District, and such Commissioner so to be nominated and appointed by such Owner or Owners of such Fifty Acres respectively as aforesaid, shall be a Commissioner to all Intents and Purposes for carrying this Act into Execution, so far as the same relates to-thejmbanking and draining the said Lower or Fifth District.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Com- Po'sler missioners of the said Lower or Fifth District, or any Five or more of them, assembled at any of their fifth Meetings as aforesaid, and they are hereby impowered to divide the same into Three or more Sub-divi- m»ke fions, for the more easy draining the same, and for that Purpose to make Dams, Banks, and other fion».

Works, and make and erect such Engines, or other Devices, lfor the Benefit of such Sub-divisions as they shall think proper; but no such Division shall take Place until the Engine, or other Device, shall be erected and made, which is intended to drain the Sub^division or District in which the Whole or Part of Coneywood Fen will be included; and that all and every Person or Persons cutting or destroying any of the said Works so intended to be made in the said Sub-diuiftons, or any of them, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as if they had cut or destroyed any of the publick Banks, Cuts, or Works, herein-before mentioned; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And, for the effectual raising and levying Money for the general imbanking the said River Committor*!-*tt € Nene and Forty Feet Drain% and preserving the Lands and Grounds comprised in the said Upper and meet ia € Lower District from being drowned or overflowed with Water by the Insufficiency of the said Banks, c'cry iar*

or any of them, or any Breach hereafter to be made therein/ it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners hereby nominated and appointed for the imbanking of the said River and Drain, and such other Commissioners as shall hereafter succeed them, or be nominated or appointed, elected or chosen, in their or any of their Steads, by virtue of the Power and Authority hereby given for that Purpose, or any Nine or more of them, shall meet Twice in every Year alternately, at Kamfey, and at Doddington, or in the Precincts thereof; (Videlicet) The First Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held at Ramsey aforesaid, within Twenty-one Days after the passing of this Act, and every Half-yearly Meeting to be held on the Ninth Day of July, and the First Day of ()flob*r9 in -each Year, except when the said Days shall happen on a Sunday y in which Case the said Half-yearly Meetings shall be held on the Day following in each and every Year, or at such other Times airJ Places near the Limits aforesaid as the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, shall fee Cause, or think convenient, pursuant to Notice in Writing for that Purpose, ligned by any Five or more of them, and to be affixed upon the Outfule of the Church or Chapel Doors of Ramsey% Doddington, and Benwick aforeLiJ,

Ten Days at the least before any such Meeting, except those appointed to be held on the said Ninth Day of July and the First Day of October; and may, from Time to'l ime, adjourn themselves, and meet again pursuant to such Adjournments, as often as they shall think proper, and then and there, from "l ime to Time, shall allcfs, rate, tax, and charge all and every the respective Owner and Owners, Oc-cupter or Occupiers, of all and Angular the Lands and Grounds, being private Property, situate and being within the said several Districts or Divisions, and other the Lands and Grounds situate and hein^ within the said Upper District or Boundary, and not included in the said several Districts or Divisions, ®r either of them, except the said Farm and Lands of the said John Hwjebtld% lying in Borough Moore aioic-VoL. XL 3 G said.

410 C. 26.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Commit oner* of the Lower Distriil to lay^ Tax of 1 i^fcr Acre Iuv* bwiking.

Quantity of Lands to be given in by Owners*

Allowing a R«. survey of I^and.

said, and such Parts of the said Lower or Fifth District as shall be deemed High Lands, and the Commons or Turf Fens included in the said Second and Fourth Districts, which are not intended to be charged with the Rate or Tax of One Shilling per Acre hereafter mentioned, by and with equal and proportionable yearly Rates, Taxes, or Sums of Money, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of ;thfrm*that shall be present at any loch yearly General Meeting; so that the said Rates or Taxes do not exceed, in any One Year, except in the First Year after the passing of this A A, One Shilling for every Acre of the Lands and Grounds comprised within the said Upper District, (ex* sept as Is before excepted); and so that no Part of the said Lands and Grounds be at any Time charged by virtue of this A A with any greater or lesser Rate or Tax than the Rest of the said Lands are or shall be charged with; which said Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money so to be taxed and afiefled as aforesaid, shall be paid Half-yearly by the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the said Low Lands and Fen Grounds, at the Place of Abode of such Person or Persons as the said Commissioner, or the major Part of them who shall be present at any such General Meeting, shall order, direct, or appoint, to colleA and receive the same; the First Payment thereof to be made on the Ninth Day of June after the passing of this Act, and every other Half-yearly Payment to be made on the Ninth Day of September and the Ninth Day of March, in each and every Year and which said Rates and Taxes shall be subject to and chargeable with such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be advanced, borrowed, raised, and received on the Credit thereof, in Manner herein after mentioned*

IX. And, for the effectual raising and levying Money for the Imbanking the fail! River Nine against the said Lower or Fifth District, from Copalder House aforesaid, through Ranfon Moore to Flood's € Ferry, and from thence through Little Bradney Moore to the said Lands of John Household, called ‘ Borough Moore, aforesaid,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of the said Lower or fifth District, or the major Part of them assembled at such yearly General Meeting as aforesaid. Once in every Year, at the Times aforesaief,' to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every the respective Owner and^ Owners, Occupier and Occupiers, of all and Angular the Lands and Grounds utuate or being within the said Lower or Fifth District, and not included in the said other Districts or Divisions, (except the said Farm and Lands of the said John Household, and except such Lands as shall be deemed High Lands), by and with equal and proportionable Acre-rates. Taxes, or Sums of Money, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners of the said Lower or Fifth District, or the major Part of them that shall be present at any such yearly General Meeting, so that the said Rates and Taxes do not exceed in any One Year (except in the First Year after the passing of this Act) One Shilling for every Acre of the Lands and Grounds comprtfed within the said Lower or Fifth District, (except as before excepted), and so that no Part of the said Lands and Grounds within the said Lower or Fifth District (except as before excepted) be at any Time charged by virtue of this Act, with any greater or lesser Rate or Tax than the rest of the said Lands in the said Lower or Fifth District are or shall be charged with; which said Rate, Tax, or Sum of Money so to be taxed and assessfed by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, upon the said Lower or Fifth DrftriA, shall be paid and payable at the several Days and Times, and in Manner herein-before directed, for Payment of the said Rates or Taxes rated and charged upon the said Upper District; and which said Rates and Taxes so charged upon the said Lower or Fifth District shall be subject to and chargeable with such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be advanced, borrowed, raised, and received on the Credit thereof, in Manner herein after mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them present at any Meeting, to order a Survey to be made of the Quantity of Acres contained in the Lands and Grounds liable to be taxed by virtue of this Act, by such Person or Persons as they shall think proper; (such Person or Persons shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to enter into and upon any of the Lands so liable to be taxed fdr the Purpose of such Survey); and such Survey, when so made, shall be delivered in to the Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at some One of their Meetings, and shall be verified upon the Oath of the Person or Persons so making the same; which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby impowered to administer; and such Survey so to be given in as aforesaid, and made by Order of the said Commissioners, shall be sufficient Authority for the said Commissioners to collect the said Rates and Taxes by, and shall be binding to the several Persons charged with the Payment thereof for their several Lands so charged with such Payment; and such Survey being Agned by the Person or Persons so making the same, and also by any Seven or more of the Commissioners present at any Meeting, shall be allowed as Evidence in all Courts whatever.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Owner or Proprietor of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, shall think himself aggrieved by such Survey, that it shall be lawful for such Owner or Proprietor to have his said Lands and Grounds re-surveyed by such Surveyor as he or they shall think proper; and in case, by such new Survey, it shall appear that such Owner or Proprietor shall be overcharged by such former Survey, or pay for a greater or less Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, than the real Quantity of his laid Lands or Grounds, that such Owner or Proprietor shall, upon such Re-survey, to be delivered to the said Commissioners on the Oath of such Surveyor (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, are hereby imp owered to administer), be abated in proportion to such Overcharge; but if it shall appear on such Survey that such Owner or Proprietor shall not be overcharged to such Rates or Assessments, then that Owner or Proprietor so applying shall be at the Charge of making such Survey; but in case by such Re-survey that such Owner or Proprietor shall be overcharged, then that the Expences of such

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 26. 411

Re-survey shall be borne, and paid by the said out of the Rates and Taxes of such District where such Re-survey shall be taken as aforesaid.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Tax and Sum of One Shilling an Acre so to be aflTcfled, rated, raised, and received, as aforesaid, and also hVbs all Sums of Money to be oorrowed and received on the Credit thereof, in Manner herein before-men- ipjiied. tinned, (bail, from Time to Time, be applied and disposed of by the CommiAoners for putting this Act into Execution, or the major Part of them, who shall be present at any General Meeting, in Manner following; that is to say. In the First Place, in paying and defraying the Charges and Ex-nences of this Act, and of taking the said Survey, according to an equal and proportionable Acre Rate or Tax of the several Lands contained in the said Upper and Lower Districts; and, in the next Place, for and towards the repairing, heightening, and (lengthening the said Banks of the said River Nene and Forty Feet Drain, and such other general Banks included in the said general Works., from the Tenth Day of October iaft pad to the Commencement of this Act; and after Payment thereof for and towards the supporting, repairing, heightening, (lengthening, amending, and maintaining the said Banks of the said River Nene and The Forty Feet Drain% in such good and substantial Manner as shall be sufficient to prevent the Waters in the said River or Drain from running over the same, and in making up and repairing any Breach or Breaches which shall at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act happen therein, or in any other Part or Parts thereof.

XIII. Provided always, That the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, in the said Upper Districts, Monte*irifin*ta shall be applied for and towards the Repairs of such Part of the Bank of the said River Nene and Forty

Fret Drain as lies between Carters Bridge and Copald:r House aforesaid, from the said Tenth Day oft, owtobcapplied*

October lad pad, and the Moiiies arising in the said Lower or Fifth District, from the Commence-

raer*t of this Act, for and towards the Repairs of such Part of the Bank of the said River Nene as

lies between the said Copalder House and the said Lands of the said John Houfrbold in Borough Moore aforesaid.

XIV. And, in order that the said Banks may be properly repaired, drengthened, and heightened,* °<Jer*| Co1*- be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners of the Upper District, or any Nine or more of them, to borrow, take up, and f0t \tnjAnkiik^ receive, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Tax, Rate, or Assessment of One Shilling per Acre, to be raised within the said Four Fird Districts, and upon the Lands of the said William Fellowes, Francis Ibberson, David Burgess, and Thomas Burgejs; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said Lower or Fifth District, or any Seven or more of them, to borrow, take up, and receive, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Tax, Rate, or Assessment of One Shilling per Acre to be raised within the said Lower or Fifth Didrift, and by Writing under the Hands and Se.ds of any Seven or more of them, to mortgage, charge, assign, and convey or incumber the said Tax or Rate of One Shilling per Acre so to be addled and levied upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the said Lower or Upper Districts respectively, with and for the Repayment of the Sums so borrowed, with such Interest, at such Times, and with such Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption as shall be agreed upon $ and that such Money shall be Separately and distinctly borrowed for the Use and Puipoie of supporting, heightening, and strengthening the said Banks within the said Upper and Lower Districts respectively, as before mentioned, and for no other Purpose whatsoever. T

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Tax shall not, A^enot

duiing the Time any Principal or Interest Money shall he due and owing on the several Securities there- leiTened lb long of, be less in any One Year than the said Sum of One Shilling per Acre. »* *ny Money i«

due thereon.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Mortgages and Securities Securities »T-

£> to be made by the said Commissioners of the said Rate and Tax of One Shilling per Acre, arising as *nd t*

aforesaid, shall and may be assignable and transferable by Indorsement on the otiginal Grant or Secu-

ritics thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever $ and the Person or Persons, to whom such Assign- p^po^ ment or Transfer shall be made, shall and may. from and after the Time that the same is entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose for the said Upper and Lower Districts respectively, be well and fu(S-ciently intitled to such Mortgage Monies-and Interest, and all the Monies due and to grow due thereon; which Enterics are hereby required to be made on Request, and producing such Assigntr^ent, and paying Two Shillings and Sixpence for every such Entry; and such Assignee or Assignees, and every other Afiigi ec or Assignees, shall and may, in like Manner, by Indorsement or otherwise, assign and make over such Mortgage or Mortgages and Securitit s, so assigned as aforesaid, and so tones quoties, as Occasion shall require, every such Alignment or Transfer being entered in such Book as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the said Tax or Assessment of One Shilling TJX0*. * ter Acre to be raised by virtue of this Act, on the Lands and Grounds herein-before mentioned, shall Ci'hPijrnenc of be charged with the Payment of the Principal-monry lo ro be borrowed by the said Commissioners as the Pnnopal-jforefaio; and the Interest of such Money, from Time to Time, shall vest in the Creditors of the said nonet, and veil* Two Districts*respectively, upon Default of Payment of such Principal-money and Interest, until the 40 Cieduon, fame, and every Part thereof, shall he fully satisfied and paid, together with the Costs and Charges oc-

cafioned by the Non-payment thereof; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, and Affigm, respectively, shall have the same Powers, Rights, and Privileges, of aftcl&ng, raising, and rc-

412

No Money to 1>e borrowed but at Meetinp, and with Content of the Commission* era.

Tax of I s. tob« laised from Persons rated, and Xdufing to pay.

© be letied by Distrefa and Sale,

with tbt Charges of appraising, *c»

C. 26. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

covering the several Taxes and Assessments payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Grounds on which the same are chargeable by virtue of this Act, for of in respect of such Principal-money and Interest, In case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said respective Commissioner, and their Collectors or Receivers, could have had in case such Principal-money and Interest had been regularly and fully satisfied and paid.

XVIII. Provided always, That no Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever shall be borrowed and taken up at Interest upon the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling per Acre, charged upon the said Lands and Grounds by virtue of this Act with the Payment thereof, by the said Commissioners at any such Meeting as aforesaid, unless Nine Commissioners at lead in their own Right, and Deputies, for the said Upper District, and Seven Commissioners at least for the said Lower or Fifth District, including Deputies* shall bd then and there present, and consenting and agreeing thereto.

XfX, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, rated* taxed, or assessed* as aforesaid, with the Payment of the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling per Acre, shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Tax or Assessment charged upon him, her, or them respectively, for or on account of their several Lands and Grounds lying within the Limits aforesaid, upon a Day to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, within their respective Districts, for such Payment, publick Notice of such Day of Payment Twenty-one Days before such Day of Payment being first given in The Cambridge Chronicle and Journal for that Purpose, so long as the same shall continue to be published, or any other Weekly Paper circulated in the said isle of Ely and County of Huntings >don, and also affixed upon the several Church or Chapel Doors of Ramsey, Doddington-, and Benwick aforesaid, respectively; which Notice, so to be given in such Paper, and affixed upon such Churdh or Chape! Door as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken as publick Notice, as if Demand thereof had been actually made by the said Receiver or Collector of the Person or Persons by whom such Rate or Tax is to be paid as aforesaid, and it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or Receiver of such Rate or Tax to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or for arty other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of Three or more of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, for the supporting, maintaining, and repairing, the Banks of the said River Nene and Forty Feet Drain, which Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any Three or more of them respectively, are hereby impowered and required, from Time to Time, to make, as Occasion shall require, to enter into and upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said Upper and Lower Districts so rated, assessed, and taxed, with the said Rate, Tax, or Sum of One Shilling per Acre as aforesaid, in Pofllflion of such Person or Persons as shall so make Default in Payment as aforesaid, and all Messuages, Tenements, or Buildings, thereupon standing or belonging thereunto, with their and every of their Appurtenances, and to levy the Sum or Sums of Money by him, her, or them payable for such Rate or Tax of One Shilling per Acre, and the Arrears thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels Which shall be found on the Premises so charged wirh any such Rate or T^x, or the Arrears thereof as aforesaid; and in case no sufficient Distress can be found on the Premises, it shall and may be lawful for' such Collector or Collectors, Receiver and Receivers, or other Person or Persons, by virtue of such Warrant or Precept as aforesaid, to levy the said Taxes, and all Arrears for the same, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person and Persons so making Default in Payment as aforesaid, which shall be found in any other Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and the Goods and Chattels, so distrained to impound on the Premises, or to take, lead, drive, carry, impound, and keep in any Place, for the Space of Five Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof, leaving at such Messuages, Tenements, Grounds, and Premises, Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress, and the Place where such Goods and Chattels shall be so impounded; and if the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels fodistrained shall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money so rated, taxed, or assessed, and the Arrears thereof as aforesaid, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress, or replevy the said Goods and Chattels so distrained, with sufficient Security to be given to the Sheriff of the County where such Distress shall be so taken, or Chief Bailiff of the Isle of Ely, (if taken within the said Isle of Ely)% according to the Laws now in being for Distrelfes in case of Non-payment of Rent, within Five Days next after such Distress made, and Notice thereof given as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so distraining may* with the Sheriff or Under Sheriff of the County, Chief Bailiff of the Isle of Ely, Constable, or Head borough €>f the Parish or Place where such Distress shall be made, (who are hereby required to assist therein), cause the Goods and Chattels so distrained to be appraised by Two or more indifferent Persons to be sworn by such Sheriff, under Sheriff, Chief Bailiff, Constable, or Headborough, (who are hereby impowered to edminister such Oath) to appraise the same according to the best of their Judgment; and, after such Appraisement, it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons so making such Distress, to fell the Goods and Chattels so distrained for the best Price that can be got for the same, for and towards Satisfaction for the Monies for which such Distress shall be so, taken, and the Charges of taking, keeping, appraising, and felling the Goods and Chattels so distrained, leaving the overplus (if any be) in the Hands of such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Chief Bailiff, Constable, or Headborough, for the Owner’s Use; and the Tenant and Tenants of all and Angular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, which shall be rated and assessed by virtue of this is and are hereby required and authorised t*o pay such Taxes or Assessments, and deduct the same out of his, her, and their Rent; and every Tenant, paying such Tax or Assessment, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as such Assessment shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons in titled to the Rent of such Fen Lands and Low Grounds; except where there is a Lease for Three or more Years to come from the Commencement of this Act* in which Case the

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 26. 413

Proportion of the Tax or Assessment which the Tenant ought to bear and pay, in consideration of the Benefit he or she receives by such Lease, shall be adjudged and awarded by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting to be held for the said General District, by virtue of this Act.

XX. And whereas the said Bank of the faiA Ferty Feet Drain is a common Road from the said Commissioner*

Forty Feet Bridge aforesaid to Carter's Bridge aforesaid, and the repairing and making the same a good uFr"rpt, kci and substantial Road will be to the Advantage of the Publick, as well as the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds herein-before mentioned and described, and adjoining thereupon:

And whereas the Expence of making the same a good and substantial Road will amount to a large Sum of Money be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Upper and Lower Districts, or the major Part of them, assembled at any Meeting to be held pursuant to this Act, to cause to be erected all such Gates, Turnpikes, and Fences, in, upon, or across the said Bank leading from Carter's Bridge aforesaid to the Forty Feet Bridge aforesaid, or across any Drove leading into the same, or any of them, and all such Fences on the bides thereof, and all such Toll-houses thereupon near to the said Gates or Turnpikes, and from Time to Time to remove or alter the same, or every or any of them, as they the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, so assembled as aforesaid, shall think proper; and that the Tolls following shall be paid at each of the said Turnpikes to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall, in such Majiner as is hereafter mentioned, appoint to receive the same, before any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through the same; that is to say, {

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, Caravan, Hearse, or Litter drawn Toll?, by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Coach, Perlin, Chariot, Laudau, Cala(h, Chaise, Caravan, Hearse, or Litter, drawn by Four or Five Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Cala(h, Chaise, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, or Litter, drawn by Two or Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Calash, Chair, or Chaise, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, drawn.by Six Horses, Mares, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Waggon, Wain, or Cart, drawn by Four or Five Horses, Mares, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence: And for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Ox, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Ass, or Mule, loaded or unloaded, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater orless Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Four-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of, and asJoHf?*rted in a Toll; and all the said Tolls shall be, and they are hereby, veded in the said Commissioners Commi ,one,» and their Successors, and (halt be applied in such Manner as is herein after mentioned; and if who may distrain any Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall after Demand made ir case of Noo-ihcrcof, neglect or refuse to pay the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person and Persons appointed as aforesaid to collect such 'Foils to seize and didrain any Horse and Horses, or other Cr.ttlr, upon which such Tolls are by this A<d imposed, or any of the Goods and Chattels cif such Person and Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay the same; and if such Tolls, and the rea-(onabie Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining and keeping the same, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and didraining shall and may fell the Cattle and Goods so seized and didrained, returning the Overplus (if any there be) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining and keeping the same, and also of such Sale, shall be deduced.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons who Toll* to b*paU shall have paid the 'Foil hereby granted for the p3ffing with any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, onlr °ace between Carter's Bridge aforesaid and the said Forty Fed Bridge, at One Gate or Turnpike set up by viriu - of this Act between the said Places, shall be (ubje& or liable to pav any farther or other Toll the same Day at any other Gate or Turnpike set up between the said Placei for passing with the same 3 lioifc.

414. C. 26. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Horse, Cattle, Bead, and Carriage, but shall be permitted to pa(i Toll-free throu gh such other Gate or Turnpike-g*tes, or Turnpikes, upon producing a Note or Ticket of his, her, 01 their having paid the Toll at any One of the said Gates or Turnpikes, which said Note or Ticket the Collectors are hereby required to give gratis; nor shall any Persons, who have paid the Toll hereby granted for the passing with any Horle, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, through any Gate or Turnpike set up by virtue of this Act, be subject or liable to pay the same Day at the same Gate or Turnpike for the passing with the same Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, but shall be permitted to pass Toll-free through such Gate or Turnpike, at which he, she, or they shall have so paid, upon producing a like Note or Ticket to be in like Manner given for that Purpose of his, her, or their having paid that Day at such Gate or Turnpike; every such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night.

:*e»«rtofcefet

XXII. Provided also and be it enacted, That if the said Commissioners, or their Successors, shall at *p on Side of any Time or Times set up or place any Rails or Fences across any Lands or Droves leading into the Road Gate said Roads, where no Toll house shall be erected, then they the said Commissioners, or their Successors, Lan?CM^ a K ^et a Gate *n Fences, and find and provide gratis for every Occupier of Lands, who from the

to*be given, *7 Situation of his or her Land shall have Occasion to pass through the said Fences, One or more Key or

! her Expence of 'Commissionen.

Per font permit*

.-missionen.

Keys to open the Lock or Locks on such Gate or Gates, so that such Occupier or Occupiers shall and may have a Passage for himself or herself, his, her, or cheir Servants, Cattle, and Carriages, to and from his or her Land; and that if such Occupiers shall lose such Key, then he^ or (he so losing the same shall provide another at his or her own Expence.

XXIII. Provided that if any such Occupier of Land, his or her Servant or Servants, shall wilfully 'ting private Paf- JeaV<? any such Gate or Gates open, or permit any Person or Persons, not intitled to such Passage, to tSi Pa^s such Gate or Gates to evade the Payment of the TolU to be collected by virtue of this Act,

,401/ C t^en every such Person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings; to be recovered and applied as the other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be recovered and applied. *Gite% Fences,

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of all the Turn--mnd Toll'hoefes, pikes, Fences, and Toll-houses to be erected by virtue of this Act, and of the Materials for building the }a_p9mm fame, and all Materials actually got for repairing the said Roads, shall be, and are hereby velted in the " said Commissioners, and their Successorsi and that they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby im-

powered to commence or prosecute any Action or Actiocs in the Name or Names of any On£ or more of them, or of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer any Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall disturb them in the Possession thereof.

Power to

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

tTolls for Three for the said Commissioners, and their Successors, and the major Part of them, 9fiembled at any of the said General Half-yearly Meetings, upon Twenty-eight Days Notice in Writing being affixed upon jt 0 ice. fh* several Turnpikes upon the said Road, and on the Church Doors of Ratnfey and Doddington aforesaid, to demise and lease the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, or any of them, unto any Person or Persons, from Year to Year, or for any Term of Years, not exceeding Three Years, for the best Rent

that can be got for the same, payable at such Times^ and under such Covenants, and to such Person or Persons as they the said Commissioners, or Successors, or the major Part of them, assembled at such General Meeting as aforesaid, shall direct or appoint.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, and their Successors, and the major Part of them, so assembled as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, apply the Monies arising from the said Tolls in erecting and repairing Turnpikes and ToU-houses, and in repair-in?, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair the said Roads leading from Carter s Bridge aforesaid, along the said Forty Teet Bank, to the said Forty Feet Bridge, and for no other Purpose whatsoever.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Person and Persons herein before nominated and appointed Commissioners for the wnbanking the River Nene and Forty Feet Drain, shall be and hereby are appointed Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution with respect to the said Road and Tolls to be collected thereon; and that no Person {Trail be capable of acting as a Commissioner for the said Road, and T olls to be collected thereon, unless he shall have or be seised in his own Right, and be in the actual Possession, Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the same Quantity of Land which intitle him to act as a Commissioner under this Act, relating to the imbanking and draining the Lands and Tenements therein comprised.

They-may lower

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to l oll* with Con- and for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time, at any Meeting sent of Credi- or Meetings to be held for that Purpose, with the Consent of the Mortgagee or Mongagees of the said 28 Day* Tolls, to kflen or vary all or any of the Tolls by this Act granted, for such Time and Times as they the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall think proper; and majy afterwards, if there shall be Occasion, advance or raise the same again, so as the same do not exceed the Tolls by this Act granted; and such Tolls* so lessened or altered, shall be collected, recovered, and applied in the same-Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied; but no Meeting shall be held for the lessening the said Tolls, unless Twenty-eiftit Days previous Notice at the least, be given-thereof in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Gates and Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of

this Act, and upon the Church Doors of Ramsey and Doddington aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, with any Horse, Cattle, Beaff, or Carriage whatsoever, pass through any Gate, Land, PalLge, or pri* vate Way, adjoining to or lying near any Turnpike to.be.by virtue of this Act erected, through which such

Application «f lolls.

Qualification of

Commissioners of Road and Toll* 1

Perftni evading Payment of Tolls, to forfeit .40 s.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 26. 415

such Person or Persons shall hare no Right to pass; or if any Occupier of any Land, Gate, Passage, or private Way, which shall adjoin or lie near to any such Turnpike, shall knowingly or willingly permit or faster any such Person or Persons with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, to pass through tho fame, whereby the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall -ive to or receive froqj any Person or Persons, or shall forge or counterfeit any Ticket directed to be given by the Collector of the said 'Polls, whereby the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or shall forcibly pass through or over any of the said Turnpikes, to be set up by virtue of this Act, with any Horse or other Beast, without Payment of Toll, or shall take o(F, or c*use to be taken oft, from any Carriage, any Horse or other Beast, with an Intent to avoid any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof j or shall leave upon or near to any of the said Roads any Horse,

Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, with such Intent as aforesaid; every Person so offending shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; One Moiety therereof to the Informer or Infer--mers, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons, and for such Purposes, as the other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein directed to be paid and applied.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken t«mpt5ont. of any Person or Persons whatsoever for any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, employed in repairing the from Toll* said Roads, or any of them, or any other Road in the Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, in or through which the said Roads, or any of them, shall pass; or in the Conveyance of any Dung, Soil, or Compost of any Kind, for the manuring of any Land in the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places; or in the ploughing, fow-ing, tilling, or cultivating, of any Land therein; or for any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, employed in the Conveyance of any Hay, Straw, or Com in the straw, not fold or intended for Sale, but only, to be Hacked or laid up in the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places; or for any Turfs or Turves not intended for Sale, but to be laid up and burnt in any of the said Hamlets, Parishes, or Places; or in the Conveyance of any Hemp, Flax, or Cole-feed, intended to be (lacked or laid therein from the Lands where such Hemp, Flax, or Cole-feed, shall be growing, to the Place where it shall be wetted, watered*, or spread, and from thence to the Place where the same is intended to be so (lacked or laid up; or of any Person or Persons residing in such Hamlets or Places, for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle, employed in the Carriage of any Lime, Dung, Soil, or Compost of any Kind, for the manuring of any Land in any of the adjoining Hamlets, Parishes or Places; or in the ploughing, sowing, tilling, or cultivating, of any Land in any of the said adjoining Parishes, Hamlets, or Places; or in the drawing of any Plough, Harrow, or Implement of Husbandry, for the repairing thereof; or of the Owners or Occupiers of any of the said Hamlets, Parishes, or Places, in or through which the said Road shall pass, or their Servants

going to or from their said respective Lands on the Business only of looking after such Lands, or the tock and Crop upon the same; or for any Cattle or Carriages employed by the Corporation of Bedford Level, or the Commissioners of the River Nene, their Officers or Agents, for the Purposes of carrying Materials for the making, repairing, or amending, any Works which shall by them, or either of them, be deemed necessary for the draining the great Level of the Fens, or the Preservation of the Navigation through the same; or of any Person or Persons residing in the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, going to or from their parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship; or for any Post-horse carrying or drawing the publick Mail or Packet; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Sheep, going to or from Water or Pasture; or any Cows going to or from Milking in any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places; or for any Sheep going to or from any Place used for the wafting or clipping of Sheep near the said Road; or for the Horses of any Soldiers upon their March, or Carriages attending them with their Baggage; or for any Cattle or Carriages employed for the Conveyance of vagrants legally pasted from one Place to another; or for any Coach, Berlin, Calash, Chaise, Chair, or any raffengers on Horseback, going to and from any Electon of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon: And if any Person shall claim or take the benefit of the said Exemptions, not being intitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Forty Shillings; One Moiety thereof to the intitled* Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied in the same Manner as the other Forfeitures are by this Act intended to be applied.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Coounifliotierv the said Commissioners and their Successors, or any Nine or more of them, to borrow and take up""? bono* at Interest, on the Credit of the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, any such Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, not exceeding the Sum of One thousand five ^0ju, hundred Pounds, to be applied by the said Commissioners towards making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road from Carter'$ Bridge to the said Forty Feet Bridge; and that it shall and may be,* lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, by Writing &W Toll* for or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to mortgage and assign over the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, the Costs and Charges of mortgaging and assigning the same to be paid out of such Tolls, to any Person or Persons, for any Term of Years during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for any Sum of Money which shall be so borrowed, with interest for the same; and that Copies of all AfficmvKntc to such Mortgages and Alignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by be entered in a the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners and their Successors; but that no Money shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Tolls at any Meeting after the said First Meeting, until Twenty-eight^ Days Notice of such Meeting, and the Purpose for which it is to be held, shall be given by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and affixed on all the Gates and Turnpikes creded by virtue of this Act, and on the Church Doors of DoddingUn and Ranfcy aforesaid; and that it shall and may be

416 C. 26. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

lawful for all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured, from Time to Time, and at all Times, by any Writing or Writings under his, her, or their. Hand and Seal or Hands and Seal*, to be duly executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, to assign and transfer his, her, or their Right to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever \ and that such Assignments or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer within Three Calendar Months after Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made, containing the Date of such Assignments or Transfers, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned or transferred, in the said Book or Books, to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages and Assignments; for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and that after such Entry made, such Alignment or Transfer shall intitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and every Assignee or Assignees shall and may, in like Manner, from Time to Time, assignand transfer the same 5 and that no Person or Persons who shall have made any such Assignment or Transfer, shall, after the making thereof, release, discharge, or make void the same, or any Money thereon due; and that all and every Person and Persons to whom such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made as aforesaid shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned. Creditors on the said Tolls in equal Degree One with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Money.

TruflM# may

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Commissioner sTcurity°of t°he an<* Commissioners appointed by this Act, or which shall be hereafter appointed by any Power or Au-Tolii. thority hereby given, shall, and lawfully may, notwithstanding his or their being such Commissioner or

Commissioners, Trustee or Trustees, lend any Sum or Sums of Money on the Security of the said Tolls, or on the Assignment of any of the Taxes rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, in such Mr.nner as any other Person or Persons may, can* or shall do, by means or virtue hereof; and that such Commissioner or Commissioners, Trustee or Trustees, so advancing or lending such Sum or Sums of Money, shall and lawfully may accept and take a Mortgage or Mortgages, Assignment or Assignments, of the said Tolls, Rates, and Taxes, from the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, as a Security or Securities for the said Sum or Sums of Money so to be by him or them advanced and lent; which Mort-

gage or Mortgages, Assignment or Assignments, being so executed by the said Commissioners, or any 'ive or more of them, shall be effeSuau and binding to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that the Commissioner or Commissioners, so advancing or lending such Sum or Sums of Money, and accepting and taking such Security or Securities, shall, by means and virtue thereof, have and exercise such and the like Powers and Remedies for recovering and receiving the said Sum or Stims of Money, and the Interest thereof, as any other Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Rates, or Taxes can, may, or shall, have and take by means and virtue of this Act.

Preference to

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give Notice to the said Commis-iWons offering sioners, or any Five or more of them* assembled at any of their Meetings as aforesaid, that they tolowcrlntercft. willing to advance any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Taxes or Tolls, at any less Interest than the said Commissioners shall pay for the Monies borrowed by them, the said Commissioners respectively are hereby required to accept the same, and apply the same to the Payment of such Part of the Monies as they shall have borrowed on the Credit of the said Taxes or Tolls, as they shall think proper; any Thing to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Continuance of

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of this Act as relates to repairing and widening this Act. the said Bank, so as to make the same a Turnpike Road, shall commence and have Continuance from the Day of the passing thereof, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Commissioners

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners hereby no-for the Drainage, minated and appointed for the Drainage of the said Five Districts or Divisions respectively, or their Suc-to meet Twice m ceflors, or any Five or more of them, shall meet Twice in every Year in Manner following; to wit, every car. for t^e Rirft District at the Town of Ramsey aforesaid, and for every other District at the Town of Doddington, or in the Precincts thereof, or at some Place adjoining to the said Districts; the First Meeting of the said Commissioners for the said First District to be held at the George Inn in Ramsey aforesaid; for the said Second District at the Blue BeH in Benwick aforesaid; and for the Third and Fourth Districts, at the Three Tuns \n Doddington aforesaid; and for the said Lower or Fifth District, at the White Hart\n March aforesaid, within Twenty-one Days after the passing of this Act; and every Half-yearly Meeting for the said First District at Ramsey aforesaid, or in the rreeinfts thereof, to be held on the Eleventh Day of July* and the Second Day of October, (except when the said Days shall happen on a Sunday)* in which Case the Lid Meeting shall be held the Day following; for the said Second District, on the Third Monday in May, and the Third Monday in November* and for the said Third and Fourth Districts on the Third Tuesday in May, and the Third Tuesday in November; and for the said Lower or Fifth District, on the Third Wednesday in May, and the Third Wednesday in November in each Year, or at such other Time or Times, within or near the Place or Places within the several Parishes or Hamlets in which the said Fi*ve Districts respectively lie. as the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall fee Cause, or think convenient, pursuant to Notice in Writing for that Purpose, signed by any Three or more of them, and to be affixed upon the Outside of the Church or Chapel Doors of Ramsey, Doddington, and Bcnwick aforesaid. Ten Days at the lea It before any such Meeting, except those appointed to be held for the said General Half-yearly Meetings, and may, from Time to

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 26. 417

Time, adjourn themselves, and meet again pursuant to such Adjournments, as often as they shall think proper.

XXXVI. And it i*hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That over and above* the said t

Rate and Tax of One Shilling per Acre herein before authorised and directed to* be ratfed, levied*, and ^Aece fcr*Fif fc received for the general Imbanking the said River Arene and Forty Feet Drain, and such other General Jx/iria;

Works as are herein-before directed, it shall and may be lawful to apftf for the said respective Commissioners of each of the said Districts or Divisions respectively, or for any Five or more of them, who shall be present at such respective Fiift or any other yearly General Meeting as aforesaid, for each respective District, then and there, from lime to Time to a fiefs, rate,* tax, and charge, all and every the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers of all and singular the Lands and Grounds situate and lying within their several Districts or Divisions respectively, except the several Lands and Grounds, lyirg within the said Five Districts or Divisions, and herein after exempted and discharged from the Payment of any Rate, Tax, or Sum of Money to be hid, rated, or taxed by virtue of /his Act, by and with a proportion.ibie yearly Rate, Tax, or Sum of Money, at the Discretion of the several and respective Commisstoners for the Time being, of and for the said Five Districts or Divisions respectively, or the major Part of them that shall be present at any such yearly General Meeting as aforesaid, so that such Rate,

Tax, or Sum of Money do not exceed in any One Year the Sum of Three Shillings for every Acre of Land or Ground within the said First District or Division, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and (or every Acre of Land or Ground in any One Year in the said Second District I*/* Acre or Division, the like Sum of Three Shillings ter Acre, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and for every Acre of Land or Ground in any One Tear in the said Third Distri<3 or

Division, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Acre, and so in proportion for any greater or 6d. psr kfs Quantity than an Acre; and for every Acre of Land or Ground in any One Year in tic said Acre for Fourth District or Division, the like Sum of Two Shillings per Acre, and 10 in proportion for any TJ,rd > greater or less Quantity than an Acre; and for every Acie of Land or Ground in any One Year in the fo/Fourth*

Lid Lower or birth District or Division the like Sum of Two Shillings per Acre, and so in propor- Distria; tion for any greater or less Quantity than an Acre: Which said yearly Rates or Taxes so to be severally a*, per Acre and respectively taxed and aflcileJ by the several and respective Commissioners of the said Five Dif lhc Fiu* tricls or Divisions resp ctively as aforesaid, shall be p lid by the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds comprised in the Lid Distri<fts or Divisions respectively,- to such Person or Persons, at such 'Fin e or Times, and in such Manner and Proportion as the respective Commissioners for the Time being of the said Five Districts or Divisions respectively, or the major Part of them that shall be present at any such Meeting as aforesaidI, shall, from Time to Time, severally order, direct, and appoint the lame; and shall, together with the several Sums of Money herein after directed to be borrowed by the said Corn mistioners on the Credit of the said Rates and Taxes, to be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners for the said Five Districts or Divisions, irt and about the particular Works, Banks, Drains, Mills, Engines, Headings, Dams, and other Matters and Things necessary for draining each of the said Five Districts or Divisions respectively, and to or for no other XJlc or Purpose whatsoever; provided that the Rates and Taxes of each of the said Distri&s, and the Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, may be applied by the said Commissioners for the particular Works of each of the said Districts separately, and not for the joint Works of the said Five Districts.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That all the Rates, Taxes, and Assessments laid, rated, and taxed Tenants of Part

by virtue of this Act, upon the several and respective Lands of the Reverend John Gordon, j). D. n

Mistress # Cole, and Mistress Williams, lying and being in Rajon AJW, J

Dykecmoore, and Be-zkiv.gs respectively, being Part and Parcel of the said Lower or Fifth Dili)ict, the Continuance shall be paid by the Tenant or Tenants thereof, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, du- of their U*fa. ring the Residue of the several and respective Terms, for which the same are granted upon Lcufc, and

not by the said John Gordon, Mistress Cole, rnd Mistress li 1 III ami, their

Heirs, Executors, or Administrators; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Dam or Stoppage already made for the Benefit of No Dam, &c,

draining the several Lands and Grounds within the Limits aforesaid, by the Mills or Engines now *iUt OT erected thereon, for draining the same, shall be cut or opened by the Cormnifnohers appointed for l*'rc

putting this Act into Execution with respect to the Drainage thereof, or any other Person or Persons p-^ng th./Aft, xvhomloever, before the First Day of August next, after the passing of this Act 5 any Thing herein ^contained so the Contrary notwithstanding.

XX

XIX. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed Lmdswcmpt to extend, to charge the Lands of William Ftll:ves, Esquire, lying next the River Nene, and called jVrmdioinwg V7v Four Hundred Acre Farm, or the said Farm of the said IFUUim Fcilowes, Esquire, lying next the ra*

(hid Forty Feet Drain, called Betty's Ntfc, or the Lands of the said David Burgess, Gentleman, lying in Rcnwick aforesaid, next the said River AW, and called by the Name of Chappel Farm, or the Lands of Mailer Thomas BurgeJ's, lying next the said River Nene, or the Lands of the said Frarcis Ihhejln, lying next the said Forty Feet Drain, called by the Names of Carter's Farm, Morris's Farm, and Jienuick Meer, and lhc Brow or West Water, and which said several Lands are not described, or intended to be dcfcished, or taken as Part of any of the said Five Districts or Divisions, or to be charged or chargeable with the Payment of any Rate or Tax laid, or to be laid, hv virtue of this Add, except the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling per Acre herein before laid, rated, and taxed, for the Support of the said Banks of the said River AW and Forty Feet Drain.

4i8 C. 26. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Sltmp exempted

XL. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend or from P^ymemtof be cortftrued to extend to charge the Lands within the Limits aforesaid, or any of them, which lie-Tut* within Sixty Feet of the said River NeneznA Forty Feet Drain, with the Payment #f any Rates or Taxes

charged by virtue of this Act; and that a Soak Dyke, not exceeding Three Feet wide, and Two Feet deep, (except by, next, agd through the Yards in the said Hamlet of Benwick^ or where any Farm-houses, Barns, Yards, or Drove ways, do lie contiguous to, or adjoining upon the said Rivers), shall be cut or made by the said Commissioners through the said Sixty-six Feet of Land (b exempted, and a Spak Bank laia thereon for the preferring and keeping the Soak of the said Rivers from the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, but that the said Lands so laid out for a Stamp to receive the said Soak, shall always be exempt from the Payment of any Taxes, Rates, or Afteff-rocnti, charged, or to be charged, by virtue of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary* notwithstanding.

8uwey of Gene-

XLL. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That to h* the Survey of the said Lands and Grounds herein-before directed by this Act to be delivered in to the fcmtcDiSriat General Commissioners or their Officers, for charging and assessing the said Lands and Grounds, # with the Payment of the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling for every Acre thereof, for repairing the

Banks of the said River Nene and Forty Feet Drain, shall be a sufficient Authority for the Commissioners of the said Five Districts respectively, to rate, tax, and charge the Lands and Grounds in each? of the said Five Districts respectively, without any fresh Survey to be takeh of the same, or any Part thereof.

SxpcAcei of

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Secondhand ^e said Second and Fourth Districts respectively, or any Five or more of them, at their First

Fourth DiariA Meeting, or any future Meeting appointed to be held afrer the passing of this Act, to inclose, how to be paid/or cause to be inclosed, One Sixth Part of the said Commons in the Second and Fourth DiC-trifts reflectively, to defray the Charge and Expence of draining the same jointly with the said Second or Fourth Districts, and also the Charges of making such Inclosure private Property; and that the said Commissioners of the said Second and Fourth Districts respectively, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, so long as it shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, grant a Lease or Leases of the Land and Ground so to be inclosed in each Common respectively, unto any Person or Persons at or for the heft yearly Rent they can get for the same, for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years; and that the Money arising from the Lands so to be inclosed out of the said Commons by the Commissioners for the said Second and Fourth Districts respectively, *by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be applied towards defraying the Charges of the interior Works €>f each of the said Districts respectively; and after the said Inclosure shall be made as aforesaid, in case the Tenant or Tenants of such inclosed Lands shall neglect or refuse to pay the several Rents reserved in and by the said Leases at the several Times mentioned therein, for the Payment thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners respectively, and they are hereby impowered tore~ cover such Rent and Arrears thereof by Distress and Sale in such and the same Manner as other Landlords are by Law impowered to do: And in case such Tenant or Tenants at the Expiration of such* Leases shall refuse to give up the Possession of such Lands so to bc inclosed as aforesaid to the said Commissioners respectively, or their Successors; then and in such Case the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to take the same Methods for recovering such Possessions, by Ejectment, or otherwise, a* any other Landlord is intitled to by the Laws of this Realm.

Frorifo, a

LIII. Provided always, That the Lands and Grounds so to be inclosed as aforesaid shall not be

subjject to; the Payment of any Tithes, Taxes, Parochial or other Rates, during the Time the same shall remain inclosed

Commissionei*

XLIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it it (half and maybe infupperting and lawful to and for the respective Commissioners appointed by virtue of this Act, or the major Part of them, who shall be present at their respective Meetings, from Time to Time, to heighten, widen,

»cr» in s, strengthen, make, maintain, and support, or cause to be heightened, widened, strengthened, made,

maintained, and supported, the South and South-east Bank of the said River Neney and the North Bank of the said Forty Feet Drain, and the West Bank of the said Upper or First District from the said Forty Feet Drain, by the said Ramsey Aleer, to the said River Neney of such Height, Width, Strength, and Dimentsions, as they, or the major Part of them, shall think proper, for the preventing the Waters thereof from running over the same, or making any Breach therein, or to repair and make up any Breach that may happen by reason or means of such Water; and that it shall and may bc lawful to and for the respective Commissioners of each of the said Five Districts or Divisions, or the major Part of them for the Time being, who shall be present at such Meeting, from Time to Time, to cleanse, widen, make, cut, build, erect, purchase, and support, all such Banks, Bridges, Headings, Ciits, Drains, Dams* Outlets, Mills, Engines, and other Matters and Things already made, built, or erected, or hereafter to be made, built, or erected, by virtue of this Act, within their several and respective Districts or Divisions, for draining their respective Lands and Grounds, and conveying the Waters thereof into the said River Ne?ief and the Forty Feet Drain aforesaid, in order that the same may be more easily conveyed to Sea, as the said Commissioners respectively, or the major Part of them, present at their respective Meetings for the Time being, shall think necessary or proper, paying such reasonable Satisfaction to the Person or Persons who have a Right to the Soil through or upon which tiifaAion^othe <"cl* Cut, Drain, Dam, Bank, Bridge, Heading, Tunnel, or Outlet, shall be made, or whereupon Owaen of S*il« any such Engines or Mills shall be erected, for the Damages he, she, or they, shall thereby sustain, as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners respectively, 01 the major Part of them present

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 26. 419

ent at their respective Meetings, for the Time being, and the Person or Persons having such Right as aforesaid; and if the said xefpcdlive Commissioners for the said Upper or Lower Distri&s, or the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings for the Time being, and such Person or Persons having Right as aforesaid, cannot agree concerning the Amount of such Damages, then the same shall be assessed and adjudged by the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter-sessions to be hotden for the Isle of Ely, if such Difference or Dispute shall happen within the said Isle, or in the County of Huntingdon^ if such Dispute shall happen in the said Couniy, not interested in the Premises, who are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to examine into, hear, and determine the same; and the Determination which shall be so made by the said luff ices, in their said Quarter-sessions as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XLV. Provided nevertheless and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners to

the said respective Distri&s, and each of them, (h ill have no Power or Authority whatsoever, by vir- th/^Y^other tue of this Act, to convey the Waters of each of the said Districts in any other Manner to Sea than by than into the or by Means of the several Engines creeled, or to be erected, within each of the said several D iff rids River Nene.o* next the said River Nene ox Forty Feet Drain* as the same shall happen according to the Situation there- fortX of; and that they shall not, by virtue of any Power under this present Act, convey the Waters of ea£h Drain*

Diffrid into the said Rivers by any other Means whatsoever than by virtue of the Engines erected in each of the said Districts for draining the same, nor shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, cut or destroy any of the outward Banks of any of the said Districts.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, so taxed, CommMKMwrt rated, or assessed as aforesaid, shall refuse or n^gled to pay the Tax or Assessment charged upon him orxi2e«. * them respectively, for or on account of their several Lands lying within the said Districts, upon a Day to be appointed by the said Commissioners respectively, or any Five or more of them, for such Piayment, publick Notice of such Day of Payment, Twenty-one Days oefore the Day of such Payment being first given in The Cambridge Chronicle and journal for that Purpose, folone as the same (half continue to be published, or any other Weekly Paper circulated in the said Isle of Ely* and County of Huntingdon, and also affixed upon the Church or Chapel Door6 of Ramsey* B envoick* Haddington* and March aforesaid which Notice, so to be given in such Paper, and affixed upon Tuch Church or Chapel Doors as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken as publick Notice of the said Day of Payment, as if Demand thereof had been actually made by the said Receiver or Collector of the Person or Persons by whom such Rates or Taxes are to be paid as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful for the respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver and Receivers, or for any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of Three or more of the said Commissioners for the said Five Districts respectively, (which Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any Three or more of them respectively, are hcicby impowered and required from Time to Time to make, as Occasion shall require) to enter into and upon thg said Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said Five Districts, or either of them, so rated, aiicfled, and taxed as aforesaid, in Possession of such Person or Persons as shall le make Default in Payment as aforesaid, and all Messuages, Tenements, or Buildings thereupon, (landing or belonging thereto, with their and every of their Appurtenances; and to levy the Sum or Sums of Money by him, her, or them payable for such Rate or Tax, and the Arrears thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels then and there found, in such and the same Manner as the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered to diffrain for and recover the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling per Acre.

XLVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse or LaoJ-twne*t# neglect to pay, or cause to be paid, to the Collector or Collectors for the Time being, to be appointed p*r Entity of in pursuance o( this Act, the Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they, shall be respectively charged with, for the Space of Two Calendar Months after a personal Demand made by such Collector '

or Collectors; every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two-pence for every Shilling which shall be so in Arrear and unpaid; to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, and their Goods and Chattels, in such Manner as the aforesaid Rates and Taxes are herein directed to be levied; and the Money so forfeited and levied shall be applied towards the Works of such District where the same shall be forfeited. I

XLVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commis- Bafu is sioners of the said respective Districts shall, and they are hereby impowered and required, at the joint u Expence of each of the said Districts, to join the Soak Banks, and other Banks already made between the said District, in One Bank, to prevent the Soak Waters running or expanding themselves between the said Five Districts respectively.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Commissionert and for the Commissioners of the said Four Upper Districts respectively, or any Seven or piore of them, to borrow, take up, and receive, any Sum or Sums of Money that they shall think proper, upon the Credit of the Taxes and Assessments in each respective District, Five of whom to be Real Commissioners for the said First and Fourth Districts, and Three for the said Second, Third, and Lower or Fifth District, and Deputies for the District for which the said Money shall be so borrowed, and, by Writing, under the Hands of any Seven or more of them, to mortgage, charge, assign, and convey or incumber the Taxes or Assessments so to be assessed and levied within each respective District, with and for the Re-payroent of the Sums so borrowed, with such Interest, at such Times, and with such Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption as shall be agreed upon; and such Monies shall be separately and dif-

3 H tine sly

420 C. 26.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Sumt to t* W-rowcA, at One Time, on each Distri&«

Securities iffiga-mfclc.

Money borrowed

chargeable on Taxes, and veiled in Creditors.

tmetty borrowed for the Use of each District, and shall be particularly set forth in every such Assignment for which of the said Districts such Monies arefo respectively borrowed.

L. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no more than the Sum of One thousand Pounds shall be borrowed or owing at any One Time on the Credit or Security of the Taxes or Assessments arising within the said First District; and that no more than the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds shall be borrowed or owing at any One Time on the Credit or Security of the Taxes or Assessments arising within or in relation to the said Second District; and that no more than the Sum of One thousand Pounds shall be borrowed or owing at any One Time on the Credit or Security of the Taxes or Assessments arising within or in relation to the said Third District; and that no more than the Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds shall be borrowed or owing at any One Time on the Credit or Security of the Taxes or AlfeHmencs arising within or in relation to the said Fourth District; and that no more than the Sum of Two thousand Pounds shall be borrowed or owing at any One Time on the Credit or Security of the Taxes or Assessments arising within or in relation to the said Fifth Distri&; and that the Taxes on the said Five Distridb or Divisions respectively shall nor, during the Time any Principal or Interest Monies shall be due on the several Securities thereof, he Ids in any One Year than the oum of Three Shillings, Two Shillings and Sixpence, and Two Shillings, per Acre, for each of the said Districts respectively, in which such Principal-money or Interest shall be owing.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Mortgages and Securities so to be made by the said several and respective Commissioners of the said several and respective Rates and Taxes arising within the said respective Districts, shall and may be assignable or transferable by Indorsement on the original Grant thereof made, or otherwise, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and the Person or Persons to whom such Assignment or Transfer shall be made, shall and may, from and after the Time the same is entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, be well and sufficiently intitled to such Mortgage-monies and Interest, and all the Monies due and to grow due thereof; which Entries are hereby required to be made on fcequest, on producing such Assignment, and paying Two Shillings and Sixpence for every such Entry; and such Assignee or Assignees, and every other Assignee and ACig-nees, shall and may, in like Manner, by Indorsement, or otherwise, assign and make over such Mortgage or Mortgages, and Securities, so assigned as aforesaid, and so toties quoties, as Occasion shall require, every such Assignment or Transfer being entered in such Book as aforesaid.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every of the Taxes or Assessments raised within each respective District, by virtue of this Act, shall be charged and chargeable witii the Payment of the Principal-money so to be borrowed by the said Commissioners respectively, and the Interest of such Money, from Time to Time, shall vest in the Creditors of the said District, for which the same shall be so borrowed, upon Default of Payment of such Principal-money and Interest, until the same, and every Part thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the J^on-payment thereof; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall have the same Power, Rights, Privileges, of assessin^, railing, and recovering, the several Taxes and Assessments payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Grounds within the said Five Districts respectively, for or in respect of such Principal-money and Interest, in case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said respective Commissioners, and their Collectors and Receivers, would have had in case such rrincipal-money and Interest had been regularly and fully satisfied and paid.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in oafe there shall be any Drains or Ditches within the Limits aforesaid, dividing the said Five Districts or Divisions respectively from each other, or dividing the said respective Districts or Divisions from the other Lands not included therein, and no Provision is_by this Act made for draining the fajme, it shall and may be lawful for the Commis-~ ‘ or for the Owners of the

therr respetflive draining the said Five

Districts respectively, and the said Lands not included in such Districts, in case they, or either of them, shall think proper; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Cutting into 4

LIV. And whereas the Proprietors of the several Lands and Grounds frequently cut up the same JnUg,bow 10be into Firing, and sell the same, whereby the Value thereof is so much lessened, that the Rates and prevented. Taxes charged thereon cannot be levied and raised, whereby the Security of the said Taxes become

of less Value to the several'Person or Persons advancing Money thereon be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, being Owner or Proprietor of any of the Lands or Grounds contained in the said General District, or in the said Five Districts respectively, or any of them, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, dig or cut up any of the said Lands or Grounds into Firing for Sale, such Owner or Owners of such Land shall, within One Calendar Month after the same shall have Ktcn so dug or cut up into Firing as aforesaid, pay to the said Commissioners respectively, after the Rate of Thirty Years Purchase of the said Rates or Taxes so charged upon the said Lands and Grounds which shall be so dug up as aforesaid; and in case the said Owners or Proprietors shall neglect or refuse to pay the same within One Calendar Month aft r the same shall have been so dug up for the Purpose aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners respectively, or the major Part of them, assembled at a Meeting to be called for that Purpose, to Older and direct the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, of the said District, to recover the same by Distress and Sale of the Firing so cut, in such and the same Manner as the said Rates and Taxes are hereby recoverable; and the said Sum or Sums of Money, so to be paid or recovered as aforesaid, shall, and hereby are veiled in

Comirvflfioners r Land-owners impowered in drain any Ditches or

Drains dividing, sioners of the said Five Districts respectively, or any Five or more of them, or for the Distnlh nr Lands lying contiguous to such Districts, and adjoining to such Ditches or Drains, at an s* Costs and Charges, to drain such Ditches or Drains by the Engines erected for drainir

A.D. 1771. Armo duodecimo Georgii III. C. 26- 421

the said Commissioners, ind to be placed out by them and their Successors in their Names, or in the Names of any Five of them, at Interest, as a Security for the Money so borrowed on the Alignment of the said Taxes, and the Interest thereof, to be yearly paid and applied by the said Commissioners respectively, in the Kir ft Place, for and towards the Interests of the Monies so due on the Credit of the said Taxes; and after Payment thereof for the necessary Works of the said Five Districts respectively for which the same shall be so received.

LV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Commissioners or Commissioner* any Five or more of them, auembled at any of the Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, mall «ppomt Qfrw have full Power and Authority to appoint One Clerk, and One or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Rc- te,4‘ ceiver or Receivers, for each of the said respective Districts or Divisions, and also One or more Toil-keeper or l oll-keepers for the said Road, or such other proper Officer or Officers as they the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, for the taking Care of all such Banks, Roads, and Works, and for collecting the said Tolls, and the Rates or Assessments which shall be laid, rated, or a Celled on the Lands and Grounds lying within the said respective Districts, or either of them; and to allow and appoint to be paid to such Officers, out of such Tolls, Rates, or A fie: linen ts-respectively, such yearly, or other Wages or Salaries, for their Trouble and Pains, as they the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, present at such Meetings, shall think reasonable; which said Clerk, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Toll*, keeper or Toll keepers, and other Officer or Officers, so to be appointed, may be removed at the Will and Pleasure of the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, assembled at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose of which Five Days Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on the Church or Chapel Door of Ratnfey, Doddington% and March, aforesaid respectively, and upon the said Turnpike-gates, and other or others to appoint in his or their Stead, as Occasion shall require; and such respective Treasurer or Treasurers, Toll-keepers, Collectors, or Receivers, shall, before they act in the Execution of their respective Offices, give such Security for the due Execution thereof, and for performing the several Trusts to them committed, as the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, assembled at any Meeting for each respective District for that Purpose shall think fit.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Oncejn every Year, (that is to say) Officer! to At the Yearly General Meeting to beheld for the said General District and at the Yearly General count 1*+' Meeting to be held for the said Five Districts respectively, or on any subsequent Day to which the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall adjourn, inspection shall be had by the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, of the Receipts and Disbursements of such Monies as shall have been raised and received by virtue of this Act, and in relation to the said General District, or the said Five Districts respectively for the Year then last part; and all Accounts relating to the said respective Districts shall be at such Meeting made up and fetrled by the several Commissioners appointed for each of the said Districts, or any Five or moie of them then assembled at which Time the several Treasurers, Collectors, or Receivers, of the said Taxes or Assessments, mi each of the said Districts, are hereby required to attend with proper Books of Accounts of their Receipts and Disbursements, and all Vouchers for the same; and on considering and examining the said Accounts and all other Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Money raised and received by virtue of this Act, within or in relation to the said General District and Road, or to the said Five Districts respectively upon Oath, (if the same shall be required) by any Five or more of the said Commissioners for each of the said Five Districts re«-foectively, (which Oatn any One of the said Commissioners is hereby impowered to administer) the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered to allow and pass under their which the Copm Hands the said Account or Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as they shall think just and reason- wffionenweta able; and such Account or Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be so passed and allowed as 1)1 *’ aforesaid, shall be fairly entered in Two distinct or separate Books to be kept for that Purpose for each 10

of the said Distri&s, One of which Books to be kept by the Treasurer or Treasurers, or such other tcrc '

Person or Persons, for each of the said Districts, as the said Commissioners for such District, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint; and the other of the said Books shall be deposited in such Place in the said Town of Ramfty^ Han let of Bcnwick^ Towns of Doddington, and Match, as the said rc-spedlive Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall direct and appoint at any Meeting to be held for each of the said Districts respectively, in a strong Box to be provided by the said Commissioners respectively for that Purpose; and the Books so deposited shall and may be inspected and perused, at all reasonable Times, by or at the Request of any Person or Persons rated or taxed in purfance of this Act, on paying Sixpence for perusing the same.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Clerk or Clerk6, Officer* to ai-Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Officer or Officers WJ>oa’ so appointed for each respective District as aforesaid, shall upon Oath, when thereunto required by the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, (which Oath the said respective Commissioners, or any One or more of them, is and are hereby impowered to administer) give in to the said itfpective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing, under their respective Hands, with p.oper Vouchers, of all Monies which he or they, and every or any of them, shall to such Time have received, paid, and disbursed, by virtue of this Act, or by reason of their respective Office; and in case the Muni s so received (li. 11 remain in his or their, or any of their Hands, the lame shall be paid to trie respective Commi (litmus for the respective Districts, or any Five or more of then, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands respectively authorise and irr.power to receive

42 2 C. 26.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

ceive the same; and in case any such Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Toll-keeper, or other Officer, shall not given in and make such Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse to deliver up all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody relating to the Execution of this Act, that then any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Isle of Ely? or County of Huntingdon, shall and may make Inquiry of and concerning such Default as aforesaid in a summary Way, as well as by Confession of the Party as by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward); and if any such Clerk, Treasurer, Collector, Receiver, Toll-keeper, or other Officer, shall be convicted of all or any of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall, upon such Conviction, commit the Party to the Common Gaol of the said Isle of Ely, or County of Huntingdon, there to remain without Ball or Mainprize until he shall have made a perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, and delivered up all such Hooks, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody* or until he shall have compounded and agreed-with the respective Commissioners for each respective District, or any Five or more of them, and have paid such Composition-money; which Composition the said respective Commissioners or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to make, for

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor or Sur-roa^bccarried vey°rs» or ot^er Officer or Officers appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more 'away b^the* of them, to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away, or cause to be cut, digged, gathered, taken, Commissioncn. and carried* away, any Materials proper for repairing the said Turnpike Road from Carter's Bridge aforesaid, to the said Forty Feet Bridge, in, upon, out of, or from, any River or Brook, Waste or Common* in any Parish, Town, or Place in, adjoining to, or lying near, the said Road and Bank leading from Carter's Bridge aforesaid to the said Forty Feet Bridge, without paying any Thing for the same, they the said Surveyors* or other Officers, filling up or floping down the Pits and Holes made by digging such Earth or Materials with all convenient Speed; and, in the mean Time, making a sufficient Fence to prevent any Misfortune or Accident happening in the Pits or Holes from whence such Materials shall be taken: And if a Quantity of Materials sufficient for that Purpose cannot be found in or upon any such River, Brook, Waste, or Common, then, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away, or cause to be cut, digged, gathered, taken, and carried away, any Quantity of Materials proper and sufficient for that Purpose, in* upon, out of, or from, any of the LanBs or Grounds of any Person where the same may be had or found, to be used towards repairing the said Turnpike Road from Carter's Bridge aforesaid to the said Forty Feet Bridge, such Lands and Grounds not being a Yard, walled Garden, Park, Paddock, Wood, Coppice, Nuriery, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, they the said Surveyors, or other Officers, paying, or tendering a reasonable Compensation to the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for such Materials, and for the Damage done by carrying the same over their Grounds: And in case of any Difference between the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officers, and any of the said Owners or Occupiers, any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place, where the same shall happen, not imerested in the Prcn.ifes, shall and may, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing to be given by any such Surveyor to such Owner or Occupier, or by such Owner or Occupfer to such Surveyor or other Officer, to be left at their respective Places of Abode with some or One of their respective Families, hear, settle, and determine, the Matters of the said Datpages; and that the Determination of such Justice shall be final to the said Parties, without any Appeal therefrom.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, or any of them, at any Meeting to be held for the General Distiid, or for each of the said Distri<9s, or.for the said Turnpike Road respectively, shall be entered in distinct Hooks to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings, so entered, shall be signed by Five or more of the said Commissioners so assembled at such Meetings; and, being so signed, shall be deemed and takep to be Originals; and all such Books, and also the Books hereby directed to be kept for regillering the Securities, Assignments, and Transfers, shall and may be read in Evidence on all Trials at Law of any Suits or Actions touching any Thing done in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Order which shall be made by the said Commissioners, or any of them respectively, at any of their Meetings for each respective District, except the Fifth District, by virtue of this Act, shall be altered, reversed, annulled, or made void at any subsequent Meeting, unless Nine or more Commissioners be present, and Five or more of the said Commissioners be real Owners of Lands, and Deputies in the said District, and consenting thereto, nor unless Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Meeting be affixed on the Doors of the Parish-churches or Chapels of Ramsey, Doddington, and March aforesaid, in which said Notice the Intent and Design of such Meeting shall be declared; and that every Order for executing the Powers of this Act shall be made at a Meeting of the said respective Commissioners, to be held in such Manner as is herein-before authorised and appointed, and not otherwise 5 except only as to the granting Precepts or Warrants for levying Taxes, which shall and may be granted and signed by such respective Commissioners for the respective Districts, ip Manner herein-before directed, whenever the same shall be necessary and required.

dcrtro/ingWorki,

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall <m Conviction, > wilfully and maliciously burn, cut, break down, destroy, or advise, counsel, or hire any Person to shall be deemed burn, cut, breakdown, or otherwise destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Flood-gate, or Sluice, Toll-guilty 01 Felony, ho uie, or Gate already erected, supported, maintained, or used, or hereafter to be made or erected,

Order* and

Proceedings of Commissioners to be entered in Books,

Orders not to be ccversed.

Persons wilfully

423

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. fc6.

supported, maintained, or ufcxl withia the Limits aforesaid, for the Purposes of draining and preserving the Fens and Low Grounds within the Tame, every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall, and hereby have Power and Authority to transoort such Felon for Seven Years, in such Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws of this Realm.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously flop, pCfr m cutting dam up, break down, demolish, damage, or destroy, or cause, procure, or hire any Person to dam Work», to forfeit up, break down, demoli(h, damage, or destroy any River, Drain, or Watercourse, Door, Dam, onConvic- Bridge, Heading, or other Work or Works already made, cut, or erected, or which shall at anytl0B*

Time or Times hereafter be making, cutting, or erecting, or made, cut, erected, supported, maintained, or used for arvfwcring the Purposes of draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Limits nfortsaid, every Person so offending, and beingthtreof convicted on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, not interested therein, every such Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum nor exceeding Twenty Po inds, nor less than Two Pounds; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hand and Se.il or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, and to be applied and disposed of in the Improvement of Works of the District where fiuh Offence Hull be so commitred, and not elsewhere; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall be committed by such Justice or Justices to the common Gaol of the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, to hard Labour, for the Space of One Month, without Bail or Mainprize, or until such Penalty shall be paid.

LXIII. And whereas it frequently happens that the Passage of the Waters through the Mill Perfeniocea- Drains to the several Mills or Engines for the draining of Fen Lands is obstructed by loose and dif- orainT"

orderly Persons setting Fishing Nets, and laying other Obstructions in the said Drains,’ be it there- ,nd m foreenacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, shall, from and after the forfeit»otcx-passing of this Act, wilfully set any Nets or other Engines for the taking or catching of Fish, or throwcetding 51. any Earth or other Obstructions in any of the Mill Drains already made, or heicaster to be made, in any of the said Five Districts reflectively, by virtue of this Act, every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof corn*idled by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely, and County of Huntingdon, not interested in the Premises, who is and are hereby required to hear and determine the same on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more of the Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made; One Moiety thereof to be applied and laid out in the carrying on the Works and Improvement* of the said DistriCb where such Offence shall be committed, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers; and for Want of such sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall, by the said Justice or Justices, be committed to the common Gaol of the said Isle of Ely and County of Huntingdon respectively, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or their Collector or Surveyor, to seize and take away any such Nets or other Engines so set, and sell and dispose thereof, and apply the Money arising therefrom towards the necessary Works of such District where the same shall be set as aforesaid.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Commissioner*t* Five or more of them, may, and are hereby impowered, out of the Monies arising in or upon the said *T*ke al*°wane« Five Dist/icts respectively, to make such Allowances for the catching and destroying Moles, or other jvioiuao^Vef. Vermin, in the Banks and Lands belonging to and within the Limits aforesaid, as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper.

LXV. And whereas the Banks of the said River and Drain have of late Years been much damaged Penalty on by Persons differing their Hogs and Swine to go thereon,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Ton* allowing That if any Swine or Hogs shall, from and after the passing of this Act be found upon the said Banks, Ho*LtRWu!f*r or any of them, other than and except such Banks as are private Property, or Part of the Farm Yards ont an belonging thereto, that the Owner or Owners of such Swine or Hogs shall forfeit and pay to the said Collector or R ceiver so to be appointed by the said Commissioners the Sum of Two Shillings for every ftion Swine or Hog that shall be found on the said Banks; such Penalty to be applied for and towards

the Repairs of the Banks where such Swine or Hogs shall be respectively found; and that such Penalty of Two Shillings shall, upon Proof of the Fact upon the Oath of One Witness, before any One or more Justices of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely, or County of Huntingdon, or determined by Confession of the Owner or Owners of such Swine or Hogs, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Owners of such Swine or Hogs respectively, by a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to grant, and to administer such Oath as aforesaid), the Overplus remaining after such Penalty recovered, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to be returned to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

LXVI. And whereas it frequently happens, by the Negligence or Carelessness of Servants, or other Burning the c Persons employed in burning Fen Lands, in order to their being converted into Tillage, that the Banks, how to Banks lying contiguous to such Lands are burnt and damaged by the Fixe being fuifrred to remain too u p»evtmed»

424* C. 26.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Versons ereftim ^ny Horse Mill, &c. to forfeit 50 U

long on such 1‘amds, and thereby extending to such Banks ;f be it therefore enacted by the Authority fcforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who shall be employed in burning any of the Lands and Grounds lying within the Limits aforesaid, shall, by Carelessness or Negligence, set Fire to, or burn, or cause to be fired or burned any of the Banks lying near or adjoining to any of the said Fen JLands or Grounds, so as such Banks be by Means of such Fire destroyed or damaged, such Person or Persons, being thereof convicted by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses,-or by Confession, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said JJle of Ely, or County of Hunting* don, Pot interested, within the Limits aforesaid, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer, and also to hear and determine the said Offence) shall give such Recompence and Satisfaction to the said Commissioners for the Damage done to the said Banks as such Justice or Justices shall think reasonable; such Damages and Recompence to be paid by such Offender or Offenders, within such Time as by such Justice or Justices shall be ordered and appointed, into the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers for the Time being appointed by virtue of this Act, to be applied by him for and towards the repairing and amending such Banks; and in case of Non-payment* thereof, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made; and for Want of sufficient Distress such Offender or Offenders shall by such Justice or Justices be committed to the common Gaol for the said Isle or County, for such Time or Times as such Justice or Justices shall order and direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until such Damage or Recompence shall be paid.

La

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall C'-eCl, set up, use, or work any Horse Mill, Gig, Engine, or other Device whatsoever, for Draining or discharging Water from any Land in the said Districts through or upon the Lands of any other Person or Persons, or in any other Manner thnn directly and immediately from the Lands of the respective Owner of such Mill, Gig, Engine, or other Device, other than into the said River Ntne and Forty Fed Drain, every Person so discharging the said Water other than as aforesaid shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty rounds to any Person who shall sue for the same. One Moiety thereof 'to be paid to the Person suing for the same, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Receiver or Collector for the Time being within the Limits aforesaid, and to be applied for the Purposes of draining, imbanking, and improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds; and the Owner of such Mill, Gig, Engine, or other Device, shall also make full Compensation and Satisfaction to all and every Person and Persons who shall be injured thereby, for the Damages such Person and Persons shall thereby fu-stain; and such Penalty, Compensation, and Satisfaction, to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall cut within Sixty- Cut or any Turves^ Hods, or Seftes, in the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the Distance ende^Forfeitu re of Sixty-six Feet from any Bank which may be made by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Rood of such Turves. Hods, or Sesses so cut and dug; and if any Person or Persons shall make, or cause to be made, or cut any Watering-places, or any Place of Accel's for Cattle to drink, in the said River Nene or Forty Fed Drain, within Twenty Fee: of the Seat of the said Banks, or in any Mill Drain within any of the find Fen Lands or Low Grounds hereby intended to be drained and preserved, every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds: And if any Person or Persons who shall make, or cause to be made, any Soak Dyke or Ditch, or Soak Gripple, in and upon any of the said Fea Lands and Low Grounds, within the Distance of Thirty Feet from any Bank now made or hereafter to be made, within the Limits aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such ‘Offence, the Sum of Four-pence for every Foot in Length of such Soak Dyke or Gripple, and after the same Rate for every Month such Soak Dyke or Gripple shall remain unfilled, after Notice given by the Clerk or Agent to the said Commissioners to such Person or Persons who shall have dug, or caused to be digged, the same; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall have full Power, at any Times, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands wherein such Soak Dyke or Gripple shall be made, to fill up-and level the same; all which Forfeitures shall, upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said IJlc of Ely, and County of Huntingdon, not interested in the Premises, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer, and also to hear and determine the said Offence) be immediately paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said District, to be applied for carrying on the Works t err of; and in case of Non-payment thereof, such Forfeitures shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Off.ntier’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hind and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Justice or juf ices of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall be made; and for want of sufficient Distress such Oil end er shall by Inch Justice or Justices be committed to the House of Correction for the said tjle nf Ely. or County of Huntingdon, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as the said Juf-tn r o Justices shall order and direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Houses or Buildings or any other Obstruction whatsoever, shall be erected, or Trees or Holts planted, either wunin the uid Districts ar.any of them, or on the OuLiide thereof, near or opposite to any Mill or

TIo Hods to be

oi 5 1.

Penalties for making Soak Banks, Sec,

to be levied by Ptflrds.

No Houfisrobe built n Banks Stear Mills.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 26. 425

Engine already built, erected, or employed, or hereafter to be built, erected, or employed, for draining the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Limits aforesaid, than Fifty Poles (being the Pole of Eighteen Feet); and if any Person or Persons shall build or erect any House, Bam, or other Building; or shall plant any Tree or Holt; place, lay, or put, any other Obstruction within any lcfs Diffar.ce than Fifty Poles, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such House or Building, the Suin of One hundred Pounds; to be recovered in like Manner as the Penal ties nercin before mentioned for erecting Horse Mills, Gigs, Engii es or other Devices for throwing of Water; and for every Tree the Sum of One Shilling; and Five Pounds for every Holr, or other Obstruction so planted; which said Penalties of One Shilling, and Five Pounds, for the Offences aforesaid, are to be levied and paid in Jike Manner as the Penalties inflicted for cutting Hods or Turves within Ninety Feet of the said Banks; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered at any of their Meetings by an Order under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of them, to direct their Agents or Servants to take down such Buildings so etested, and pull up and remove such Trees, Holts, and other Obstructions so placed contrary to this Act.

LXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, Thru if any Trees or Holts are now growing within the Tree* rro»inf Distance of Fifty Poles from any Mill or Engine already buiir, or hereafter to be built within the Li- near nan*to^ mits aforesaid, it shall and may ne lawful for the said Commissioners for the said Five Districts respre- pui down, lively, or any Five of them, by like Order under their Hands and Seals, to order the same to be pull?r| down, as if the same hud been planted since the passing of this Act, making such Satisfaction to the Owners of such Trees and Holts as shall be agreed upon between fiu h Owner and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them; or, in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise between the said Commissioners and such Owner touching such Satisfaction, an^d the same cannot be settled between them, then such Satisfaction and Recompence shall be finally determined in such and the same Manner as is herein-before mentioned and prescribed for ascertaining the Recompence to be made for Damage, by making and erecting any Works in pursuance of this Act.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners, Oc- Ovmeror Orcu* cupicr or Occupiers, of any Land lying within the Limits aforesaid, through which any Drove-way, pitr to clean£3 Dyke, Outiing Dyke, or Division Dyke, leading to any of the Mill Drains within the said Districts respectively doth or shall pass, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to road, scour, cleanse, open, or repair any such Dyke, or to make the same of the Depth of Four Feet, and the Width of Nine.Feet at the Jeaft, after Fourteen Days Notice in Writing to him, her, or them given, from Time to Time, by the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, of the said District for that Purpose, that then it shall be lawful, from Time to Time, for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to cause such Dykes to be roaded, scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, and deepened, in a sufficient Manner, and made of the Width aforesaid, at the proper Costs, Charges, and Expences, of such Owners or Occupiers; and that, wherever a Road or Way shall have been made over or across any such Dyke, without a sufficient Tunnel lying the rein, to cause such Ways or Roads to be taken up, and such Dyke to be made of a proper Width and Depth, for conveying the Waters through the same to the several Mills or Engines erected, or to be erected, for draining the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and, by a Warrant or Precept under the Hands of Three or more of the said Commissioners, to levy all such Charges and Exp nets as shall be occasioned by the deepening and widening the said Dykes, or taking up the said Roads, on the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Lands through which the said Dykes shall pass, or to which they shall be contiguous, and who shall make, or cause to be made, such Road as aforesaid.

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Mills toke U# Five or more of them, shall cause all and every the Engines and Mills which shall be erected and em-^' ployed by virtue of this Act to be insured against Fire in some of the publick Insurance Offices, and, from Time to Time, to pay the Expence attending such Insurances out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, other than those employed by Persons Wakinj the said Commissioners, or their Surveyors, for that Purpose, shall break down, pull up, injure, or Bn^ct^r take away any Bridge, Arch, Poll, or Rail erected, or which shall be erected, on any Part of the ‘T *’ to *WI Lid Road>; or shall take, carry away, or dellroy any Ballad, Gravel, or other Materials laid, or 5 which Hull be laid, on any Part of the said Rofts or Banks for the Repairs thereof; or shall take or carry away any of the Drift-sand from the said Roads without Leave in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any h ive or more of them, specifying the Quantity to be taken, and the Time for taking the same; or if any Person what Lever shall take aw.iy any Materials that shall have be n digged or gathered in any Lands, Fields, Wades, or Giotmds, River, or Brook, for the re-

airing the said Roads or Banks j or shall get or tako away any Materials out of any Pit which shall avc been made for the Purpose of getting Inch Materials for repairing the said Roads or Banks; evei y Person so offending, and being thereof comicded before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County. Liberty, or Place, where the same shall happen, upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by his or her own Confession, (lull, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

LXXIV. And, for the better preventing Encroachments and Annoyances in and upon the said £ncrr.atbf*«nt»

( Roads/ be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Occupier of any Lands, Tenements, or o:h r

Picmifts, near to the find Ronds, shall refuse or neglect, by the Space of Ten Days after Notic. in c flc c Writing given to him or hu, or left at his or her usual Place of Abode, under the Hand of the Sur-Wl. XL 3 I veyor

4*6 Ci 26. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

veyor or Surveyors appointed by the said Commissioners, to trim up, lop, cut down, or root up and remove any Trees or Bullies, or other Annoyances (landing, growing, and being in or upon the said Roads, or in or upon the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto 5 or to scour or cleanse any Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse, contiguous to, or leading out of or from the said Roads; or to make, build, or erect, across such Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse, an Arch or Arches, sufficient for the free Course of the Water under his or her Gateway or Passage leading from the said Roads into any Field, Ground, or other Premisses; or to pull down or take away any Encroachment; or if any Person shall suffer his or her Sink or Drain to run into the said Roads; or shall throw, cast, or lay, or cause, permit, or suffer to be thrown, call, or laid, any Duff, Dirt, Ashes, Rubbish, Dung, or other Filth or Annoyance into or upon the said Roads, or into or in any of the Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses thereto belonging, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, and for any Person by him or them employed, n to trim up, lop, cut down, or root up and remove any such Tree or Bushes; and to scour and cleanse

any such Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse; and to make, build, or erect, such Arch or Arches as ~ aforesaid, and effectually to tiirn, prevent, or flop up, such Sink or Drain in running into any Part of the said Roads, and to abate or pull down and take away any such Encroachment, and to remove such Dust, Dirt, Ashes, Rubbish, Dung, or other Filth or Annoyance from the said Roads, or from the Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses belonging thereto; and in any of the said cases, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place, where the same shall happen, to levy the Charges thereof, (the fame being first settled and ascertained by such Justice) by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such respective Owner, Occupiers, or other Person, rendering upon Demand, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall be fodistrained and fold, the Overplus, (if any be) after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and every Person who shall permit or suffer his or her Sink or Drain to run into the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or who, after the Abatement or Removal of an Incroachment or Annoyance by him or her made, caused, or permitted, shall again offend in like Manner, and shall be convicted upon the Oath of On© or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by his or their own Confession, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings over and above the Charges of removing every such Incroachment or Annoyance, to be settled and ascertained as aforesaid.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or Power to contract fuob Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorise and appoint, may, and they are hereby with Workmen, impowered, to contract and agree with any such Person or Persons for any certain Sum or Sums of Money for the Repairs of any particular Proportion or Proportions of the said Roads, or for the building or repairing of any Bridge or Bridges, or for any other necessary Work to be performed in pursuance of this Act; and that all such Contracts and Agreements in Writing shall be valid, and that Actions may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Parlies failing in the Execution thereof.

No Dimagt to be

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That, in widening, turning, or diverting, any Part or Parts of ionetoDwelling- the said Roads, nothing shall be done which shall or may in anywise injure or damage any Dwelling-Roads intur*ui5 house, Out-honfe, or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Court, Park, Paddock, Nursery oa s# Ground, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, may cause the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Posts to be, from Time to Time, let up on the Sides thereof, with Inftriptions denoting the Number of Miles and Distances of Places; and if any Person shall wilfully or designedly break, pull down, dig up, injure, or destroy, any such Stones or Pofi^ or shall erase, obliterate, or deface, any of the Inscriptions made thereon, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, along any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, otherwise than upon or by Wheel Carriages, or hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, any Plough upon or across any Part of the said Roads, whereby the same shall be ptcjudiced; every Person so ohending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein Jurisdiction is given to any Justice Or Justices of the Peace by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath to any Person for his or their more certain Information in the Matters then depending; and tiat any Justice of the Peace may act as such in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding his being a Commissioner, except in Cases wherein he shall be personally inteieffed. j^beremwedbr ^XXX. And be it futher enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Mat-CcrJowi. ^ters aforesaid, or any other Proceedings to be had touching the ConvRlion or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ and that where any Distress shall be mads for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress it-self shall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Tref-pafler or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant or Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distrained be deemed a Trespaft'er or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any subsequent Irregularity in the Proceedings of the Person or Persons making such Distress; but the Person or Persons, aggrieved by such Irregularities* shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damages in an Action upon the same*

Road* to be measured, and Mile ft one* fretted.

No Timber to

be dragged upon fie Road.

Justices to ad- xninifter Oath.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 26. 427

LXXXI. Provided always, Tha$ where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Action, ProTtfo. he, she, or they ftiaJl be paid his, her, or their full Costs of Suit, and have the like Remedies for recovering the same, as for the Recovering Cods in any other Case by Law.

LXXXII. Provided also, That no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for an Irregularity as afore- Double Co<hl« said, if Tender of good and sufficient Amends dial] have been made by or on Behalf of the Defendant C4fc, of Noni*iitt or Defendants before such Action brought; nor if such Tender of Amends diall be made at any Time after the Action brought, and between Trial thereof, together with Costs of Suit, to the Time of such last mentioned Tender; but on Proof made of such Tender on any Trial to be had in such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall suffer Judgment as in Cases of Nonsuit, with Double Costs; to be recovered in the same Manner as any Defendant or Defendants may recover Cods in any other Case by Law.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them. Anions may be (indcad of levying the Penalties by this Act particularly imposed, and proceeding ag^inst the Offender brougllU or Offenders in the summary Manner herein-before provided), may, at their Ele#ion, prefer and pro-fccute with Effect a Bill or Bills of Indi#ment against such Offender or Offenders, or may bring an Action or Actions in the Names of any Two or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk.

LXXXIV. And be it further ena#ed, That n# Order, Nomination, Appointment, Mortgage, Writing! to be Alignment, or other Security for the borrowing of Money, Contract, Agreement, Information, Con-'Witho,t Sum*,# viction. Judgment, Warrant, or other Writing, under the Hand or Hands, Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any Commissioner or Commissioners, JuAice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before \

any of them, in pursuance of any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act veded in such Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices of the Peace, nor any Transfer of any Mortgage, Security, nor any Bond taken from any Officer, or his Sureties, in pursuance of this Act, for the due Execution of his Office, nor any other Writing whatsoever, concerning the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said William />/-Perfo"s.n0i*"-lowest David Burgess, Thomas Burgrfs, John Hcuf hold, and Francis Ibberfort, their Heirs and Assigns, tcfu

Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds not included in any of the said Five Didiicts /nd *iupporc or Divisions, and herein before exempted from Payment of any Tax, Sum or Sums of Money, by this Dinks,

A# rated or assessed thereon, with relpe# to the Drainage thereof, or any future Owner or Proprietor,

Owners or Proprietors thereof, his, her, or their Heirs, or his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, shall at any Time or Times from and after the passing of this Act, neglect or refuse to make and ere# proper Headings in their said Lands or Grounds lying contiguous to or adjoining upon the said River Nene, or adjoining to the said Didri#s respectively, to prevent the Waters of the said several Lands from running into the said several Didri#s or Divisions,'or any of them respectively; that it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the said Five Didri#s or Divisions, or the major Part of them assembled at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, Three Days Notice of such Meeting to be given to such Owner or Owners of the said Lands and Grounds, to order and dire# their Surveyor, or any other Officer of a*y of the said Five Didri#s or Divisions respectively, to give Notice in Writing, under his Hand, to the Owner of such Land, to make such Headings in or upon his or her said Lands or Grounds in Manner aforesaid; and in case the Owner or Proprietor of such Lands or Grounds, or his or her Tenant or Tenants respectively, shall neglect or refuse to make such Headings for One Day after such Notice, then, and as often as Arch Case shall so happen, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Didri# or Division lying contiguous to or adjoining upon the said Lands or Grounds so refusing to make such Heading, or any Three or more of them, to order and dire# their Officers, with such Workmen as they shall think proper, to enter into and upon such Lands and Grounds, and to make and repair such Headings as aforesaid; and that it shall be lawful for such Workmen, so employed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, to take Earth out of the said Lands or Grounds for the making such Headings as aforesaid; and the Expences necessarily incurred in raising and repairing such Headings in Manner aforesaid shall be reimbursed by the said Owner or Owners, or the Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds where such Headings shall be made: And m case of Non-payment, that it shall and may be lawful for any Five or more of the said Commissioners of such Didriets lying contiguous to such Lands and Grounds where such Headings shall be made, by Warrant under their respective Hands and Seals, to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier or Occupiers, Owner or Owners of such Lands and Grounds as aforesaid, the Charges of making, raising, and repairing such Headings, rendering the Overplus (if any such there be) after paying such Disbursements, and the Charges and Expences of levying the same, to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers as aforesaid; and if the Tenant or Tenants of such Lands or Grounds shall, upon such Notice as aforesaid, raise or repair any such Headings at his, her, or their own Expence, or shall pay the Expences of raising, making, and repairing such Headings as aforesaid, by the Dire#ionof such Commissioners respectively, or in case such Expences shall be levied on him, her, or them, the same shall be dedu#ed by such Tenant or Tenants out of his, her, or theit Rent, and shall be allowed by such Owner or Owners of Land contiguous to such DiAri# where such Headings shall be made (unless an Agreement shall be made to the Contrary between such Owner or Owners and their Tenant or Tenants) in such Manner as the Taxes paid by the Tenant are by this Act to be dedu#ed and allowed; and if any Dispute shall arise between any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, and the said Commissioners, touching the Amount of the

428 C. 26. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Expences which so all have necessarily incurred rn railing and repairing the said Headings, such Dif-pates, and all Matters relating thereto, shall be finally determined and settled by the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the Peace where the Matter of Dispute shall happen, Svho are not interested in the rremifes, without any farther or other Appeal whatsoever.

C*ft3trr1 (fomrs of

LXXXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners ^nd Und-owners l*ie Upper District herein before appointed by this Act for the making and supporting

to repair the the Banks of the said River Nene and Forty Feet Drain, or the Officers appointed by them for that Banks of the Purpose, shall at any Time or Times, a ter the passing of this Act, neglect or refuie to heighten or Kene and Forty repair the Banks of the said River and Drain, whereby a Breach or Breaches shall happen therein, or F'ef th *n. any ^art thereof, next to the Four Districts or Divisions, Part of the said Upper District, or any. General Con* 6 °* t^iem» or next to the Lands of any of the Owners and Proprietors within the Limits aforesaid, not. missioners. included in the said Four Districts, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Four Upper Districts or Divisions, and the Commissioners of the said Lower or Fifth District respectively, or any Five or more of them, or for the Owner or Proprietor of such Lands not included in the said Four Districts lying contiguous to such Bank where such Breach shall happen, or for any Person or Persons appointed by them, or either of them respectively, to heighten and repair such Bank or make, up such t reach, in the bed Manner they can; and that the Treasurer or Receivers of the said Commissioners of the said Upper Districts shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to pay the full Charges and Expences thereof to such Person or Persons on his or their producing proper Vouchers* for the Money laid out and expended therein, within Twenty Days after Demand thereof made from the said Treasurer or Receivers; and in case of Non-payment thereof by such Treasurer or Receivers, within the Time above limited for such Payment as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods, and Chattels of the Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds lying adjoining upon the Banks, where such Breach or B eaches shall happen; and that it shall be lawful for such Occupier or Occupiers to deduct the Sum or Sums of Money by him or them so paid, out of the Taxes due, and to grow due, to the said Commissioners for the said Lands and Grounds where such Distress or Distresses shall be so made; any Thing to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Commissioners

LXXXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of the said-im powered tore- Lower or Fifth District, herein before appointed by this Act, for the making and supporting the Banks Rive^Nene of the said River Nene, from Copalder House aforesaid, to the said Farm of the said John Household, at mcafcofNegleft! Borough Moore aforesaid, or the Officers appointed by them for that Purpose, shall, at any Time or.

Times after the passine of this Act, neglect or refuse to heighten or repair the Bank of the said Rivet Nene, within the said Lower or Fifth District, whereby a Breach or Breaches shall happen therein, or in any Part thereof, next to the said Lower District, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Upper District, and for the Commissioners of the said Four Upper Divisions within the said Upper District respectively, or any Five or more of them, or for the Owners or Proprietors of the said Lands in the said Upper District, not included in the said Four Upper Divisions, or for any Person or Persons appointed by them, or either of them respectively, to heighten and repair such Bank of the said River Nene in the said Lower District, or make up any Breach or Breaches therein, in the bell Manner they can; and that the Treasurer or Receiver of the said Commissioners for the said Lower District shall, and he is hereby required to pay the full Charges and Expences thereof to such Person or Persons, on his or their poducing proper Vouchers for the Money laid out and expended therein, within Twenty Days after Demand thereof made from the the said Treasurer; and in case of Non-payment thereof by such Treasurer within the Time above limited for such Payment as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds lying adjoining upon the Banks where such Breach or Breaches shall happen: and that it shall and may be lawful for such Occupier or Occupiers to deduct the Sum or Sums of Money by him or them so paid, out of the Taxes due and to grow due, to the said Commissioners for the said Lands and Grounds where such Distress or Distresses shall be so made; any thing to the Contrary notwithstanding. of

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners tomak-Headings of ^ Five Districts respectively, or their Officer or Officers, shall, at any Time or Times after the Paftin£ of this Act, neglect or refuse to make and erect proper Headings or Stoppages at the End of the Ditches in the said Districts respectively, lying contiguous to, or adjoining upon the said River Neney or next to the Lands of the said William Fellowes, Francis Ilherson, David BurgeJ's, Thomas Burgtfs, and John Floufehold, to prevent the Soak Waters from running into the said Lands respectively, that it shall and may be lawful for the said William Fellowes, Francis Ibberson, David Burgtfs, Thomas Burgtfs, and John Household, and their Heirs, or any future Owner or Owners of the said Lands, and they aie hereby authorised and impowered, to make and erect such proper Headings within such Districts respectively; and that the Treasurer or Receiver of such of the said Five Districts respectively shall pay the full Charges and Expences thereof to the Person or Persons so making and erecting such proper Headings as aforesaid, on his and their producing proper Vouchers for the Money laid out and expended therein.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 4-29*

LXXXIX. And whereas in case any Breach or Breaches should by any Accident happen in the Banks Breiche* »n_the of the said River AW, and Forty Feet Drain, the Lands lying contiguous thereto will be overflown with Banks of the RU Water, to the great Prejudice and Disadvantage of the Owners thereof: And whereas the Waters of Engines^ bt each of the said Five Districts respectively, and the Lands of the said William Fellowes, Francis lbberfony employed in David Burgess, Thcrnas Biogcfs, and John Household, are herein before particularly directed to be thrown draining the by the Mills or Engines erected, or to be erected thereon, into the said River Nene and Forty Feet Drain, Lands over- and in no other Manner whatsoever be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case *owed* any such Breach or Breaches shall happen in the said Banks of the said River Nene or Forty Feet Drain, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them* for any of the fnd Five Districts respectively, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, to order and direct the Mi11 c: Engines erected in any of the said Districts for the better draining the same, to beufed and employed as well for draining- the Lands so overflowed by such Breach or Breaches as aforesaid, as the Ditlrict where such Engine shall (land, the Person or Persons for whose Use such Engine shall be so employed, paying to such Commissioner s such Summd Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between them, and the Person or Persons for whose Use such Engineer Engines shall be so employed.1

XC. And whereas the Lands of the said John Fhufchold, lying in Borough Moore aforesaid, within the said Limits, are not subject or liable to the Payment of any/Taxes hereby charged by this Act, Ba^of the but particularly exempted tlvrefrom: And whereas the said Lands are bounded by the Bank of the River Nene in said River Nene, and the said Bank maintained, repaired, and supported, by the said John Household', Mr. Household'* and in case the said John Household, Hii Heirs or Assigns, or any future Owner or Owners of the farm, ifneg-

said Lands, shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, neglect or refuse to repair, heighten* and main-

tain the said Bank, and the Waters of the said River AW should overflow the same, or a Breach or Breaches should happen therein, not only the said Lands of the said John Household, but the Lands contained in the said Five Districts, or great Part thereof, would be overflown and covered with Water, in order that the said Bank may be maintained and supported by the said John Household

his Heirs or A (Tigris, or any other future Owner or Owners thereof \ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said John Household, his Heirs or Assigns, Owner or Owners of the said*

Lands, or any future Owner or Owners thereof, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, or his, her, or their*

Tenant or Tenants, shall, at any Time or Time or Times, from and after the passing of this Act, neglect or refuse to keep and maintain the said Bank of the said River AW, next to his said Lands, of a-sufficient Height and Strength, to prevent the Waters of the said River from running over or breaking

through the said Bank, and the Waters thereof shall at any Time or Times hereafter run over or break

through the same, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of the said Five Distrifls or*

Divisions, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Sealsj to authorise and impower the Surveyor, or other Officer for any of the said Five Districts or Divisions respectively, to-give Notice to the said John Hcujtkold, his Heirs or Assigns, and such future Owner or Owners of the said Linds, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, or his her, or their Tenant or Tenants, that the said J Bank is in Danger of being broke 5 and in case the said John Household, his Heirs or Assigns, or any* future Owner or Owners of the said Lands, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, Tenant or Tenants,

shall neglect or refuse upon such Notice, to employ proper Persons to prevent the Waters of the said River from running over or breaking through the said Bank; or if an actual Breach or Breaches shall, before such Notice, be made therein, neglect or refuse to stop and make up the same, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers so authorised as aforesaid, together with such Workmen as he shall think proper to employ, to enter into and upon the said Lands and Grounds of the said John Household, and to make good and repair the said Bank, and also to stop such Breaches: And in order to enable them so to do, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Workmen, so employed as aforesaid, to dig and take Earth out of the said Lands or Grounds for the railing and (Lengthening the said Bank, and flopping such Breaches as aforesaid; and the Expences necessarily incurred therein shall be reimbursed by the said John Household, his Heirs or Assigns, or any future Owner or Owners, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, Tenant or Tenants: And in case of Nonpayment thereof, it shall and may be lawful for any Five or more of the said Commissioners, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy by Ditlrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier or Occupiers, Owner or Owners, of such Lands and Grounds as aforesaid, the Charges of raising and repairing the said Bank, and of ftonping and making up such Breaches, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, as aforesaid: And if the Tenant or Tenants of such Lands and'

Grounds shall, upon such Notice as aforesaid, raise and (Lengthen the said Bank, or flop and makeup-the said Breaches therein, at his, her, or their Own Expence, or shall pay the Charges thereof, if* done by Order of the said Commissioners, or in case such Charges and Expences shall be levied on him, her, or them, by Distress and Sale of his, her, and their Goods and Chattels as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Tenant or Tenants to dedu& the same out of his or her Rent, and the Owner or Owners of such Lands and Grounds is and are hereby required to allow such Deduction, unless an*

Agreement shall be made to the Contrary between such Owner or Owners and his or their Tenant or Tenants, in such and the same Manner as the Taxes paid by the T enants are by this Act to he* deduced and allowed; and if any Dispute shall ariie, touching the Amount of the Expences which shall have been incurred in raising and (Lengthening the said Bank, or in (lopping and making up the said Breaches, such Disputes, and atl Matters relating thereto, shall he finally settled and determined by the Justices of the Peace at the First or Second General Quarter Sessions for the said Isle of Elyi - ho are not inter cited In the Premises, without any further or other Appeal whatsoever.

43 C. 26.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Nene:

astl \n c*fe *£ Kc«l 'it, Coqn-missioners i<n-

fckf fame.

Experienced Engin e:s 1« e^irrute the Value oft any lmhankrnenc to be made 2$ Years hence*

Mr. jxaUpUoMfe-

XCI. And be it enacted by the Authority ^foresaid, That the said John Househld, his Heirs and rc^air^fwo'S Affi&ns, Owner or Owners of the said Farm and Lands, lying in Borough Moore aforesaid, and all and dlogMsaiaVtS" *ve^y future Owner or Owners thereof, shall, at all Times after the passing of this Act, at his and their Fifth‘p.ftr(4 own proper Costs and Charges, make and ered, or cause to be made and erected, and at all Times to

next Bqrcugn support and maintain, Two good and substantial Dams or Headings in his laid Farm next to the said Lower or Fifth Distr)d \ One of such Dams or Headings to be made across the End of his outside Ditch, an t e iv^r 4le^t Borough Moore Common aforesaid, and the other of the said Dams or Headings to be made across the End of the Ditch in the said Farm next the said River Nene, to prevent the Waters of the said River from doing any Damage to the said Lower or Fifth District; and in case the said John Household, his Heirs or Assignp, or any future Owner or Owners of the said Farm, or the Tenant or Tenants thereof, (flail neglect pr respfe to make and ere#:, and at all Times hereafter to support and maintain the same, it (shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of the said Lower or Fifth District, or any Five (V moi;t of them, and they are hereby impowered to order and direct their Officer or Officers, together with such Workmen as he or they shall think proper, to enter into and upon the said Farm and Lands of the said John Hoifehold, and to make up and repair the same; and that the said Commissioners shall have and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities, to recover the Charges and Expences therein un oners i*n- *ncurrecl as are herein-before vested in the said Commissioners of the said Upper and Lower, or Fifth

poVered w repair 'Lhftri&j for recovering the Charges and Expences of repairing, (lopping, and making up any Breach or Breaches in the Banks of the said River None, next the Lands of the said John Household; any Thing v herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That in calc the present Owner, or any future Owner or Owners of Rcnnfcy Mecre and Hemming*, shall, within Twenty-three Years after the passing of this Awl, make a sufficient Bank against the River Nene, so as effectually to prevent the Water of the said River from overflowing the said KamJ'ey Meer and Hemmings (which Imbankment may be of Benefit to the Upper District) for imbanking, then, and in that Case, such Benefit shall be estimated and valued by Two able ajid experienced Engineers or Surveyors not interested, to be chosen. One by the Owner or Owners of the said Ramsey Meer and Hemming5 for the Time being, and the other by the major Part of the general Corppbflioners of the said Upper District, assembled at One of their half-yearly Meetings in pursuance of this Act, the Owner or Owners of the said Meer and Hemmingj, or his or their Agents, not to have a Voice in the Choice of such Engineer or Surveyor, so to be chosen on the Behalf of the said District, which Engineer or Surveyor the said general Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to nominate at their next half-yearly Meeting, after Notice shall have been given to the said Commissioners of tfle said LTpper District, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting, by the Owner or Owners of the f^i(J Aamjly Meer and Hemmings for the Time being, that such Bank has been fully completed for the Space of Three Winters; and the said Engineers or Surveyors shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, within Three Calendar Months after such half-yearly Meeting, as well by viewing and examining the said Bank as by other Means that may appear necessary in that Behalf, and after taking into their Consideration every Circumstance and Consequence between the Owner of the said Meer and Hemmings, and the said Upper District, to eftipiate and value if any, or what annual Benefit and Advantage will accrue to the said Bank of the said Upper District, by reason of keeping in Repair such Bank lb made by such Owner or Owners of Ramsey Alc§r and Hemmings, against the said River Nene\ apd fdch Estimate or Valuation shall be delivered into the said Commissioners at their next half-yearly Meeting after the same shall have been settled and adjusted by the said Engineers or Surveyors, and shall be signed by, and verified upon the Oath of the said Engineers or Surveyors, which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby impowered and required to administer, and shall be entered in the Books ref the said General Commissioners of the said Upper District; and the Sum or annual Benefit, if any, which shall be so estimated by the said Engineers or Surveyors, shall yearly and every Year, so long and for such Time as such Imbankment of Ramsey Meer and Hemmings shall continue to be in per feci: and complete Repair, so as to prevent the Waters of the said River Nene from overflowing the said Ramsey Meer and Hemmingr, be paid by the said General Commissioners of the said Upper District, to the Ownor or Owners of the said Ramsey Meer and Hemmings for the Time being, or his or their Order, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of supporting the Banks of the said River Nene and Forty Feel Feet Drain, by even half-yearly Payments; the E'irft Payment thereof to commence and take Effect from that Day Twelvemonth previous to such Notice, and the next Payment thereof to be made to such Owner or Owners of Ramsey Meer and Flemmings aforesaid, on the next of the said hahf-yearly Days of Payment after such Estimate and Valuation shall have been delivered in to the said General Commissioners of the said Upper District, at One of their said Half-yearly Meetings: And in case any of the said Half-yearly Payments shall be behind-hand and unpaid, upon any of the said half-yearly Days of Payment, or within One Month after Demand thereof having first been piade by *he Owner or Owners of the said Ramsey Meer and Hemmings for the Lime being, or his or their Agent, of the Treasurer of the said General Commissioners of the said Upper District; then, and in that CJale, the said Owner or Owners of Ramsey Aleer and Hemmings may bring, or cause to be brought, any Action against the said Treasurer on Nonpayment of the Money then due, and shall and may recover the same. With Double Costs of Suit*

Annual Benefit by the Imbankment of Ramsey Meer,

and the Dimi-

nuuon of the

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Engineers or Surveyors fbafl and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to estimate and value at the same Time when they make the Estimate and Valuation herein before directed, if any, and what annual Benefit will accrue to the Lands lying Soak"WaUrto the said First Division in the said Upper District, by such Imbankment of the said Ramsey Meer

be paid toO wncu. and Hemmings, on account and by means of the Diminution of the Soak Water which now flows on the

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. i'6. 431

the Lands within the said First Division in ttte said Upper Distrhft from the said Ramsey Meer and Hemming 5; and such Estimate and Valuation (ha-11, within Three Calendar Months after the same shall have been made, be delivered in by the said Engineers or Surveyors to the Commissioners of the said First Division in the said Upper District* at feme One of their Meetings, and shall be signed by and verified upon the Oath of the said Engineers or Surveyors, and shall be entered in the Books of the Commissioners of the said First Division in the said Upper Distrhft; and the Sum or annual Benefit, if any, wh ich shall be so estimated to accrue to the La>nds lying within the said First Division in the said Upper District. shall, so long as the said Imbankment of Ramsey Meer and Hemmings shall continue in perfect and complete Repair as before mentioned, be paid to the Owner or Owners of the said Ramsey Meer and Hemmings for the Time being,' or his or their Order, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act within the said First Division in the said Upper District, by even Half-yearly Payments; the First Payment thereof to commence and take Efted from that Day Twelvemonth previous to such Notice, and the next Payment thereof to be made on the next Half-yearly Day of Payment after such 7

Ellimatc and Valuation shall have been delivered in to the Commissioners of t;.e said First Division in the said Upper District: And that in case of Non-payment thereof on the said Half-yearly Days of Payment, or within Thirty Days after Demand having first been made by the said Owner or Owners of Ramsey Alter and Hemmings aforesaid for the Time being, or his or their Agent, or the Receiver of Collector of the Rates and Taxes within the said First Division in the said Upper District, then the said Owner or Ow ners of Ramsey Meer and Hemmings shall have the like Action, and shall recover the Sums due, with like Costs, against such Receiver or Collector, as he or they have or may recover by virtue of this Act against the Treasurer of the said General Commissioners, in Default of any Payment to be made to the said Owner or Owners of Ramsey Meer and Hemmings by such Treasurer, in pursuance of this Act.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Engineers or Surveyors shall also estimate and Annual Benefit lue, if any, and what annual Benefit will accrue to the Lands called The Four hundred Acre Farm, the said Parish of Ramsey, by the Diminution of the Soak Waters as aforesaid, and such Estimate or the Diniinu-Valuation shall be delivered in to the said General Commissioners, at One of their Half-yearly Meetings t;on 0fthcS«»k as aforesaid, and shall be signed by and verified upon the Oath of the said Engineers or Surveyors, and Waters, to be - entered in the Books of the said General Commissioners; aid the Sum or annual Benefit, if any, p»‘<* to Owners, which shall be so estimated to accrue to such Lands by such Diminution of the Soak Water, shall be paid to and recovered by the Owner or Owners of the said Ramsey Meer and Hemmings from the Owner or Owrneis of such Lands for the Time being, in such and the same Manner, and by the same Ways and Means, as any Sum is directed to be paid to, and recovered by the said Owner or Owners of Ramsey Alter and Hemmings from the Treasurer of the said Gerteral Commissioners, or from the Receiver or Collector of the said First Distrtot.

XCV. And be it enacted, That in case the said Two Engineers or Surveyors, so to chosen as afore-"Enginem a«4 said, shall not agree hi such Ertiniates and Valuations, then, and in such Case, the Opinions of the Swvcyon dif-said Two Engineers or Surveyors respectively, touching the Mathers in question, shall be fairly and separately drawn up and stated by them respectively, in Writing under their Hands, and shall be refer-rtd to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cambridge, assembled at the next General Quarter ices to doei-Sessions of the Ptacc to be held at Cambridge, within Six Calendar Months after the same shall be so jefcrrtd, to judge of and determine the same; and the Determination of such Justices so assembled as aforesaid shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, without any further or other Appeal: And that it shall rjid may be lawful tot such Justices so assembled as aforesaid, and they are hereby impowered and required to examine the said Engineers and Surveyors, or either of them, upon Oath, concerning their said Opinions; and that such Determination and Order of the said Justices concerning the Premises shall be entered amongst the Records of the said Court, and a Copy thereof, signed by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, shall be Evidence in all Courts of Law.

XCVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, r^ion*

or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to impower the said Com-ot Bedford Lcvc!f missioners, or any Five of them, to have, use, or exercise any Power or Authority over* or to intermeddle with any of the Sewers, or Works, already made, or hereafter to be made, by the Governor,

Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the f ens, called Bedford Level, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles^ the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Draining of the Fens, called Bedford Level, or by virtue of any other Act or Statute whatsoever, or to invalidate, lessen, diminish, alter, or take away, any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities, vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiifs, or Conservarors; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which* by virtue of the said Act, made in the said Fifteenth Year of the said King Charles the Second, or any c’hcr Act or Statute whatsoever, now are vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or the (4i*l Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any of them, shall forever hereafter remain, continue and be in tnc said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been madr; save and except the repairing and keeping in Repair the said Banks of the said River Nine and Tn-' F:rty Fret Drain.

XCVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not Saving extend, or be constiued to extend, to invalidate, lessen, diminish, alter, or takeaway, any of the Rights, Comir.iilw&m* Powers* and Authorities* vested in the Commissioners appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, passed Ne®f*

43*

fLimltation tf

/Ad ton*,

%Gcaeral Issue,

TeeMt

Publick Act

~AcLz2 Geo. II,

*C. 27. Armo duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for prefer vittg and improving the Navigation from Salter’s Load Sluice, in the County ^/'Norfolk, to Standground Sluice, in the County a/'Huntingdon; and from Flood’s Ferry, in the said Hie of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, \to RamfeyHigh Load, in the said County ^Huntingdon; ondalfo the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice, in the said County of Norfolk, to the River Nene, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the said County ^Huntingdon; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which, by virtue of the said Act passed in the said Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, now are vested in the said Commissioners thereby appointed, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in the said Commissioners, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against: any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the particular County or Liberty where such Offence shall be supposed to have been done, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Actions or Suits, shall and may plead the General Issue; and, if in Replevin, may justify and avow, by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give the Special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Fact alledged to have been done was done in Pursuance and by Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, Liberty, or Place, than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Suits; or if any Verdict shall pass against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise; then, and in any of the said cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs; for which he, she, or they, shall have like Remedy as where Costs by Law are awarded,

XCIX. And be it further enacted and dedaied, by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act j and all Judges, Justices, or other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectudl draining and preserving of several Fen Lands and Field Lands, in the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, so far as the same relates to the several Fen and Field Lands lying in the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Distri&s, <described in the said Act.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual draining and preserving of several Fen.Lands and Field Lands, in the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, the Commissioners therein named, or to be nominated and appointed in Manner therein mentioned, were authorised and impowered to assess, tax, and charge, all and singular the Fens and Low Grounds lying within the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts, or Divisions, (Part of the Five Districts or Divisions into which the Fens and Low Grounds in the Rounds and Precincts ot Whittlesey* wrere by the said Act divided) with an equal and proportionable Rate or Tax not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence an Acre in the First Year after the Commencement of the said Act, and One Shilling and Sixpence an Acre in any other fticcetding Year, to be applied and dif- posed of in making Cuts, Drains, and other Works, for the effi sting the draining and improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said respective Districts or Divisions, as in the said Act described, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas the find Rates and Taxts have accordingly been applied by the Commissioners acting for the said Three respective Districts or Divisions in pursuance of the Directions given by the said Act, for and towards the erecting of proper YVnter Engines, and making Banks, Drains, and other YVoiks, necessary for the proper draining the said Three respective Districts or Divisions, and in maintaining ai d keeping the fan e in Repair: And whereas the Odd Rate and Tax of One Shilling and Sixpence an Acre, changed upon the said Lands and Grounds, in the said Three several Districts or Divisions, by virtue of the said Act, has not for many Years pad, by reason of the Witness of the Seasons, been near sufficient to defray the yearly Expences of the Banks, Mills, Drains, and other Works, in the said Time Districts respectively, or to defray the considerable Debts which the said respective Commissioners have been under a Necessity to contract, in order to preserve the said Three Districts from being *4 d:owned and overflown with Water: And whereas the Maintenance of the said Works is absolutely nectllary to the preserving and wedl draining of the fever.il and respective Lands lying within the said Thice JJiftiicts respectively, and the Proprietors and Owners of the said Lands are willing and

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 27. 433

desirous that a further Rate or Tax should be laid upon their said Lands lying within the said Three several Districts and Divisions respectively, in order to raise Money to answer the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas such Rate or Tax cannot be laid, nor the said Lands effectually drained and pre-

served, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it 1 may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the Lands and Grounds situate and being the LmdiW in it 'hittlejey aforesaid, within the said Three Districts or Divisions respectively, and every of them. Third, Fourth,a»4 (except as in the said Act is excepted) shall yearly and every Year be, and the same are hereby rated,

charged, and assessed, in Manner following; that is to say, All the said Lands and Grounds in Whit-

thfey aforesaid, lying within the said Third District or Division, except such Parts thereof as are in 6a.per Acre, be 1 and by the said former Act excepted, with an equal annual Rate or Tax, not exceeding in any One fide* the Rice of Year the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence for every Acre of the said Lands and Grounds, over 1 6 d* cfclfse4 and above' the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling and Sixpence an Acre charged thereon by the said former Act; and all the said Lands and Grounds in Whittlesey aforesaid lying within the said Fourth1A* w District or Division, except such Parts thereof as are in and by the said former Act excepted, with an equal annual Rate or Tax, not exceeding in any One Year the Sum of Three Shillings for every Acre of the said Lands and Grounds, over and above the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling and Sixpence an Acre charged thereon by the said former Act; and all the said Lands and Grounds in Whit-ilefey aforesaid lying within the said Fifth District or Division, (except such Parts thereof as are in and by the said former Act excepted), with an equal annual Rate or Tax, not exceeding in any One Year the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence for every Acre of the said Lands and Grounds, over and above the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling and Sixpence an Acre charged thereon by the said former Act.

II. And be it further enacted, Thit the said several Rates or Taxes hereby charged on the said * Three respective Districts shall be laid for the Space of Seven Years, from the Time of the passing ofy

this Act* by the said Commissioners of the said Three Districts respectively, and their Successors, ory* or any Five or more of them, on the Ifcdnesday after Trinity Sunday for the said Third Didrift or Division, on the Thursday after Trinity Sunday for the said Fourth Didrift or Division, and on the Friday after 7W-nity Sunday for the said Fifth District or Division, if a Meeting can be had of the said Commissioners for each of the said Districts respectively on the said respective Days; but if not, on any future Day to be appointed by the said Commissioners respectively, or any One of them, for that Purpose of which Meeting Seven Days Notice shall be given; and that such Rates or Taxes, then laid, shall be paid by Two equal Halt-yearly Payments, on the Eleventh Day of November and the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year after the passing of this Act, during the Term aforesaid; the First Payment thereof to be made on the Eleventh Day of November next after the passing of this Act to the Treasurer or Receiver of each of the said Districts or Divisions to be appointed by the said Commissioners respectively, in manner herein after-mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Term of Seven Years, it shall and may Ifcwtke Rites

be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Third Didrift or Division, and their Successors, or any gf t^hrd*.f. Five or more of them, over and above the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling and Sixpence an Acre

charged upon the Lands and Grounds lying in the said Third Didrift or Division by the said former levied ate the Act, Once in every Year, on the Days and Times, and in Manner aforesaid, to assess, tax. and Expiratte of $« charge, all and every the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupier^ of all and every the said Lands ven Ytan. and Grounds lying within the said Third Didrift or Division, except as aforesaid, with a further

equal annual Rate or Tax, not exceeding in any One Year the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence for every Acre of the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Third Didrift or Division; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Time being, of the said Fourth Didrift or Division, or any Five or more of them, upon the Days and Times aforesaid, to assess, tax, and charge, all and every the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers, of all and every the said Lanas and Grounds lying within the said Fourth Didrift or Division, except as aforesaid, with a further equal annual Rate or Tax, not exceeding in any One Year the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence for every Acre of the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Fourth Didrift or Bivision; and also that it mall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Time being of the said Fifth Didrift or Division, or any Five or more of them, upon the Days and Times aforesaid, to assess, tax, and charge all and every the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers of all and every the said Lands and Grounds lying within the said Fifth Didrift or Division, except as aforesaid, with, a further equal annual Rate, or Tax, not exceeding in any One Year the Sum of One Shilling for every Acre of the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Fifth Didrift or Division j which said additional Rates and Taxes so to be severally and respectively taxed or aflefed by the several and respective Commissioners of the said Three Districts or Divisions respectively as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds comprised in the said Three Districts respectively, to such Person or Persons, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner and Proportion as the respective Commissioners for the Time being of the said Three Districts respectively, or any Five or more of them, present at any such annual Meeting as aforesaid shall from Time to Time severally and respectively ord5er and direct; and shall be applied and disposed of at the Discretion of the several Com- Application of mvmoners for each of the said Three Districts respectively, or any Five or more of them, for the y*'§tm Time being, present at their respective Meetings, in or about the particular Works, Banks, Drains,

434. C. 27. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Mills, Engines, and other Matters and Things necessary for draining each of the said Three District* or Divisions respectively, in such and the same Manner as the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling and Sixpence an Acre charged on the said Three Districts or Divisions respectively by the said former Act is directed to be applied, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Qwmtklei tf

IV. And be it enacted, That the Quantities of the Lands and Grounds hereby rated, charged, and *7 assessed shall be taken according to the respective Quantities thereof ascertained in pursuance of the said aforrtauLd is former Act, and that the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds shall pay the ipurfuanre ef several Rates and Taxes hereby rated and assessed, according to the same Number of Acres, Roods, and Aas2Gfl0.il. Perches, as they are now rated and taxed at under the said former Act, unless it shall appear to the Commissioners of the said Three Districts or Divisions respectively, at any of their respective Meetings, upon Oath, that such Person or Persons do not pay Rates and Taxes for the Number of Statute Acres, Roods, and Perches, Ditches or Fences included, for which they are rated; which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby impowered to administer; in which Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners respectively, or any Five or more of them, at any of their Meetings, and they are hereby impowered, to orddr and direct such Lands to be surveyed or measured by an able and experienced Surveyor, whose Survey, delivered in to the said Commissioners respectively, or any Five or more of them, at any of their Meetings, on the Oath of such Surveyor (such Oath to be administerest by any One of the said Commissioners as aforesaid), shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall be made at the Costs and Charges of the Person or Persons applying for the same; and the said Commissioners respectively are hereby impowered and required to rate such Lands according to such Survey. Application of y. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Taxes hereby charged upon the Lands and Tax for Scrcn Grounds within the said Three Districts or Divisions, for and during the said Term of Seven Years, e*f,# shall be vested in and applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners for the said respective Diflrids

or Divisions, and their Successors, in the First Place, for and towards the paying and defraying the Charges of this Act, according to an equal and proportionable Acre Rate or Tax of-all the Lands within the said Three Diflrids or Divisions; and after Payment thereof, in the next Place, for and towards the paying and discharging such Debts as shall have been incurred and contracted by the said Commissioners respectively, in and for repairing the several Works of the respective Districts or Divisions, and in and for repairing or rebuilding any of the Mills, Banks, Headings, Trays, Drains, Tunnels, or other Works within the said Districts or Divisions respectively, or in and for the Purchase of any Piece or Pieces of Lands, in order that proper Drains, Slamps, and Soak Banks might be made, cut, and laid out through the same, for conveying the Waters of each District the eaher and quicker to the respective Engines for draining the same; and after discharging such Debts as aforesaid, then for and towards the several Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

Commiftfcnen Vi. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners contained and appointed for the said Three ppoinred by tke Districts or Divisions respectively, by the said former Act, or elected or chosen in pursuance thereof, former to execute and their Successors, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for carrying into Execution this this Act. present Act, and all the Powers and Authorities hereby given; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the said Three Districts or Divisions respectively, or any Five or more of them, to meet at the several Times and Places mentioned in the said former Act, as well to put into Execution the several Powers and Authorities of this Act as of the said former Act, so far as the same relate to the said Three Districts or Divisions, and, from Time to Time, to adjourn such Meetings, and meet again at such other Times and Places as they shall think proper; and in case of the Death, Disqualification, or Resignation of any of the said Commissioners for the said Three Districts or Divisions reflectively, the Vacancy or Vacancies occasioned thereby shall at all Times after the passing of this Act, be filled up by the major Part of the Commissioners for the said Three Districts or Divisions respectively, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, in such f and the same Manner us by the said former Act is directed, out of the Persons qualified by the said former Act, to (it, vote, and aft as Commissioners under the said Act; and that such Person or Persons so to be chosen and elected Commissioners as aforesaid, shall and may, after he or they shall be so chosen and elected a Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid, fit, vote* and aft as a Commissioner or Commissioners for the District or Districts, Division or Divisions, for which he or they shall be so elected and chosen, and shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for putting this Act, and the said former Act, in Execution, as far as the same relates to the said Three Di-drifts or Divisions, and shall be vested with the same Powers and Authorities as the Commissioners appointed by the said former Act for the said Three Districts or Divisions are vested with; any Thing to the Contrary notwithstanding.

The Owner of

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Owner or Proprietor Beale’s Farm for the Time being of certain Lands lying within IVype Doles, in the said Third and Fourth Districts, ariilienc called or known by the Name of, and belonging to a certain Farm called Beale s Farm, shall be added

to and joined with the other Commissioners acting by virtue of the said former and this present Act,

for the said Third and Fourth Districts, and shall and may act as a Commissioner for the said Third and Fourth Districts, and shall have the same and like Powers for executing the said former and this present Act, so far as the same relates to the said Third and Fourth Districts, as the other Commissioners acting by virtue of the said former and this present Act are vested with, in relation to the said Third and Fourth Districts; Provided nevertheless> That if the said Lands shall at any Time

435

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 27.

Time become the Property of more than One Owner or Proprietor; then, and in that Case* the Right hereby given to the folc Owner or Proprietor of the said Lands to act as a Commissioner for the said Third and Fourth Districts shall for ever after cease and determine* any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And in order that the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, mar be the better enabled to purchase such Lands for the said Purpose of draining/ be it further enacted by w Doto, the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said respective Commissioners, and their Successors, or any pjying 30 Ymi» Five or more of them, shall, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, *hink it necessary or PorduiefarUaA convenient to make any Drains through any of the Lands called The Near Doles and Far Doles in IVype, Rentaft*

in the Third and Fourth Districts, in order that the Waters of such Districts may be conveyed with more Ease and Velocity to the several Mills erected in such respective District for the draining the same, that then, and in that Case, it shall and may bje lawful for the Commissioners of such District, and their Successors, or any Five or more of them, assembled at any Meeting to be held for such District, to make and cut, or order to be made and cut, such Drain or Drains in such respective District, in such Manner as they shall think proper, paying to the Owner of the Soil through which such Drain or Drains shall be so cut, as aforesaid, at a Rate not exceeding the Rate of Thirty Years Purchase upon the gross reserved Rent of such Land where the same shall be so cut as aforesaid, and making proper Bridgesover the same in such Places as shall be thought most proper for the Passage of Cattle, Carts, or Carriages, and for ever after repairing, maintaining, and supporting the same at the foleCofts and Charges of the said respective Commissioners, and their Successors; and the said Drain or Drains, when cut as aforesaid, shall be, and hereby is and are vested in the said respective Commissioners, and their Successors, for the Benefit of such District where the same shall be so cut or made.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall dam Ko Vtrfom f up, fill in, or otherwise destroy the said Drain or Drains, or molest the said Commissioners, or their Diuai. Successors, and their Workmen or Labourers, in the cutting or doing thereof, that they shall be subject and liable to the same Pains, Penalties, and Punishments, as are inflicted on Persons destroying Drains or other Works of the said Commissioners in and by the said former Act.

X. And, to the End that the said Rates and Taxes hereby charged and assessed may be, from Time to Time, the more easily collected and received/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 4

That upon Default made by any Person or Persons so assessed, taxed, and charged as aforesaid, in his, her, or their respective Payments, to be limited and appointed as aforesaid, by the Space of Seven Days next after the respective Times limited for the Payment thereof, and upon Demand made by the respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or by any other Person or Persons for that Purpose appointed, by Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of Three or more of the said Commissioners of the said respective Districts as aforesaid, either left at the Dwelling-house or Houses of such Owner or Owners of such Fen Lands or Low Grounds, or at or upon the Fen Grounds and Premises so respecti vely rated and assessed as a fore f. id, it shall and may be lawful to and for such respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or for any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of Three or more of the respective Commissioners of such respective Districts or Divisions as aforesaid, (which said Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to make, at Occasion shall require)*, to levy the Sum or Sums so assessed, taxed, and charged, and all the Arrears thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person and Persons so refuting and negleflin^ to pay the same, wherever such Goods and Chattels shall be found, or to distrain upon the said Grounds and Premises so charged with any such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Hay, Corn, and other Goods and Chattels then and there found, and the Distress so taken to take, lead, drive, carry away, and impound; and impounded, to detain and keep for the Space of Three Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner, Notice being left in Writing, upon the Premises from which such Distress shall be so taken, where such Goods and Chattels shall be so detained and kept; and if the said Owners do not pay the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed, taxed, and charged, together with the Arrears thereof, within the said Space of Three Days, then the said Distress shall be appraised by Two or more of the Inhabitants of the Parish or Place where the same shall be so taken, or by Two other sufficient Persons, and shall be sold by the said respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for Payment of the said Money; and the Overplus coming by such Sale, (if any) over and above the Sum or Sums so assessed, taxed, anti charged, and Charges of taking and keeping such Distress, shall be immediately returned to the Owners thereof, or left in the Hands of the Constable for the Use of such Owners:

And that the several and respective Tenant and Tenants of all and singular the said Fen Lands and

Low Grounds within the said Three Districts which shall be assessed, taxed, and charged, by virtue of ci>*r*» gut of

this Act, shall, and they are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as lUct,

shall be so assessed, taxed, and charged upon such Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and to deduct out of his, her, or their Rent, so much of the said Rate, or Tax, as the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, or the Tenant or Tenants, in respect thereof, shall be assessed, taxed, and charged with; and the Landlords, both mediate and immediate according to their respective Interests are hereby required to allow such Deduction, and Payment, upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rents 5 and that every Tenant, paying such Rate or Tax, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as the said Rate or Tax shall amount unto as if the same had been actually paid to such Person or Persons unto whom his or her Rent should have been due and payable, except where there are Leases for Three Years, or more; in which Case One Moiety, or Half Part of such Rates or Taxes, shall be borne and paid by

3 K. 2 the

436 C. 27; Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

If Lands isnoc* espied, and no Distress to be taken, Colloc-ors, &c. may digram when occupied.

Commissioners may borrow Mosey.

the Landlord or Landlords, and the other Moiety or Half Part thereof by the Tenant or Tenants of such Lands and Tenements so in Lease for Three Years or more, as aforesaid.

XL. Provided always, That in case any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds shall at any Time be unoccupied, and no Distress can be found, by reason whereof the Sums of Money so assessed, taxed, and charged thereon cannot be raised; then, and in such Case, the Rate or Tax, and the Arrears thereof, shall remain a Charge upon the said Lands and Grounds until the same shall be occupied; and when and as soon as the same shall be so occupied, it shall and may be lawful for such respective Collector and Collectors, Receiver and Receivers, for the Time being, or for any other Person or Persons, by virtue of such Warrant or Precept as aforesaid, to enter and distrain upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds when there shall be any Distress thereon to be found, in whatever Possession such Fen Lands and Low Grounds shall happen to come or be; and the Distress and Distresses then and there found, to fell, if not redeemed within Five Days by Payment of such Rates and Taxes, and Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners of such Distress in Manner as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said Three Districts respectively* or any Seven or more of them, to borrow, take up, and receive, any Sum or Sums of Money that they lnall think proper upon the Credit of the several Rates and Taxes by this Act charged upon the Lands and Grounds in the said respective Districts, and by Writing, without Stamp, under the Hands and Seals of any Seven or more of the said Commissioners, to mortgage, charge, assign, and convey, or incumber the Rates and Taxes within each respective District, with and for the Repayment of the Sums so borrowed, with such Interest, at such Times, and with such Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption, as shall be agreed upon; and such Monies shall be Separately and distinctly borrowed for the Use of each District; and it shall be particularly set forth in every such Assignment fer which of the said Districts such Monies are so respectively borrowed.

WhitSumiof

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no more than the Sum of One thousand Pounds

*,?aUfe€ borrowed or owing, at any One Time, on the Credit or Security of the said Rate or Tax of

borrowed. Qnc Shilling and Sixpence an Acre charged by this Act upon the said Third District; and that no more than the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds shall be borrowed or owing, at any One Time, on the Credit or Security of the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling and Sixpence an Acre charged by virtue of this Act upon the said Fourth District; and that no more than the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds shall be borrowed or owing, at any One Time, on the Credit or Security of the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling an Acre charged by this Act upon the said Fifth District; and that the several and respective Rates and Taxes in the said Three Distri&s or Divisions respectively shall not, during the Time any Principal-monies or Interest shall be due on the several Securities thereof, be less in any One Year than the several Sums charged upon each of the said Districts respectively, in which such Principal or Interest shall be owing.

Afticmmtnitto

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Mortgages and Securities so to be made by the said fete traBifcrrable. veral and respective Commissioners of the said several and respective Rates and Taxes arising within the said respective Districts, shall and may be assignable or transferrable by Indorsement on the original Grant, or Security thereof made, or otherwise, without Stamp, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and the Person or Persons, to whom such Assignment or Transfer shall be made, shall and may, from and after the Time that the same is entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, be well and sufficiently intitled to such Mortgage Monies, and Interest, and all the Monies due, and to grow due thereon; which Entries are hereby required to be made on Request, and producing such Assignment, and paying Two Shillings and Sixpence for every such Entry; and such Assignee and Assignees, shall and may, in like Manner, by Indorsement, or otherwise, without Stamps, assign and make over such Mortgage or Mortgages, and Securities, so assigned as aforesaid, and 10 tot Us quoties, as Occasion may require, every such Assignment or Transfer being entered in such Book as aforesaid.

Tuts ©bargeable

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Rates and Taxes raised within each \r»tb Moacy tei- respective District, by virtue of this Act, shall be chargeable with the Payment of the Principal-money TfW so to be borrowed by the said Commissioners respectively, and the Interest of such Money, from Time

to Time, and shall vest in the Creditors of the said District, for which the same shall be so borrowed, upon Default of Payment of such Principal Money and Interest, until the same, and every Part thereof, shall be fully (Satisfied and paid, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall have the same Powers, Rights, and Privileges, of assessing, raising, and recovering the several Rates and Taxes payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Grounds within the said Three Districts respectively, for or in respect of such Principal Money and Interest, in case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said respective Commissioners, and their Respective Collectors and Receivers, could have, in case such Principal-money and Interest had been regularly and fully paid and satisfied.

XVI. And be it further tnaded, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of each of the said Districts or Divisions respectively, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby required, yearly and every Year, to elect, from Time to Time, a Person refilling in the Township of Whitt lefty aforesaid to be their Receiver of the Rates and Taxes assessed by this Act for the Yearen-suing, and they are hereby impowered to pay and allow unto such Receiver, out of the Money arising by thij Ad, such Sum and Sums of Money, by way of Salary, or otherwise, as a Recompence lor lutU Receiver’s Trouble and Expences as they/or any Five or more of them, shall fee proper.

Commissioners to elett a Re-

r*Mvrr for e*ch fliaritf;

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 27. 437

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Commissioners of each of the said Districts, and to tike or any Five or more of them, are hereby required and authorised to take such Security from the said Receiver or Receivers respectively, for the due Execution of his and their Office, and also for his andth€m* their yearly, or oftener, passing his and their Accounts for all Monies received and distmrfed out of the several Rates and Taxes, as to them shall seem meet.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That Once in every Year, (that is tooficent°£* say) At the Yearly General Meeting to beheld for the said Districts respectively, or on any subse-wmnt quest Day to which the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall adjourn.

Inspection shall be had by the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, of the Receipts and Disbursements of such Monies as shall have been raised and received by virtue of the said

former of this Act, in and relating to the said Three Districts respectively, for the Year then last past;

and all Accounts relating to the said respective Districts shall be at such Meeting made up and settled by the several Commissioners appointed for each of the said Districts, or any Five or more of them then aflem-

bled; at which Time the several Treasurers. Collectors, or Receivers, of the said Rates and Taxes, are hereby required to attend with proper Books of Accounts of their Receipts and Disbursements, and all

Voueners for the same; and on considering and examining the Aid Accounts, and all other Accounts of the

Receipts and Disbursements of the Money raised and received by virtue of the said former or this Act,

within or in relation to the said Three Districts respectively, upon Oath, if the same shall be required by any Five or more of the Commissioners for each of the said Three Districts respectively, (which Oath

any One of the said Commissioners is hereby impowered to administer) the said Commissioners, or any which the

Five or more of them, are hereby impowered to allow and pass under their Hands, the said Account "i®01*"

or Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as they shall think just and reasonable; and such Account*

or Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be so parted and allowed as aforesaid, shall be fairly 10

entered in Two distinct or separate Books, to be kept for that Purpose for each of the said Districts;

One of which Books shall be kept by the Treasurer or Treasurers, or such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners for such District, or any Five or more of them^ shall appoint and the other of the said Books shall be deposited in the Town Chest of WhittUfn aforesaid; and may be.inspected and perused, at all reasonable Times, by or at the Request of any Person or Persons rated or taxed in pursuance of this A A, on paying Sixpence for perusing the same: And in case there shall appear to be in the Hands of such Treasurer, Receiver, or other Officer, on the parting of such Accounts, any Sum or Sums of Money due to the said Commissioners on the Balance of the said Accounts, that then such Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, or other Officer or Officers, shall pay over the same to the said Commissioners respectively, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands respectively, authorise or impower to receive the same; and in case such Treasurer, Receiver, or other Officer, shall not give in and make such Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse so to do, and to deliver up all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody, relating to the Execution of the said former or this Act, within the said Three Districts, that then any One or more Tufiice or Justices of the Peace for the said Iflt of Ely shall and may make Inquiry of and Concerning such Default as aforesaid in a summary Way, as well by Confession of the Party as by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and impowered to administer without Fee or Reward); and if any such Treasurer, Collector, Receiver, or other Officer, shall be convicted of all or any of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall, upon such Conviction, commit the Party to the Common Gaol for the said Isle of Ely, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall have made a perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, and delivered up all such Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody, or until he shall have compounded and agreed with the respective Commissioners for each respective District, or any Five or more of them, and have paid such Comporttion-money; which Composition the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to make.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commission-Onferiaiui ers, at any Meeting to be held for each of the said Districts, respectively, shall be entered in distinA Procrrdinp Books, to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings, so entered, shall be signed by hive or more of the said Commissioners so assembled at such Meeting for such respective M

District, and, being To signed, shall be deemed and taken to be Original Orders; and all such books, and also the Books hereby directed to be kept for registering the Securities, Assignments, and Transfers, shall and may be read in Evidence on all Trials at Law of any Suits or Actions touching any Thine done in relation to or in pursuance of this Act, or of the said former A A.

XX. And be it enacted, That no Order which shall be made by the said Commissioners of the said Three Order* not t* kc Districts or Divisions respectively. or any Five or more of them, assembled at any of their Meetings to be kvci*cS.

held by virtue of this Act, or the said former A A, shall be altered, reversed. annulled, or made void at any subsequent Meeting, unless Notice in Writing, signed by three of the said Commissioners, be delivered to the said Commissioners for the District or Divihon for which such Meeting is intended to be held, or affixed on the Out fide of the Door of the Paiiih Church of Whittltfcy Saint Afary> Seven Days before such subsequent Meeting, setting forth the Intuit and Meaning of such Meeting -, at which Meeting no less Number than Seven Commissioners for the said Third District or Division shall be present, and Five of such Commissioners shall be aflentinjg to the Reversal of such Order; and for each of the other Two Districts or Divisions Nine of the said Commissioners shall be present at such Meeting, and Seven of such Commissioners shall be afleming to the Reversal of such former Order*

XXI.

Anno duodecimo- Georgii- HI;

A. Di

ting Turret, &c. c i» Jl.

tod far cutting Soalt Dikes, &c 4 d. for trery Foot*

icflly and ximme4iately from tte Lands of the, respective. 6tyndrTaf such Mill, 0ig, Engine, or other Device,' into ¥ certiyi Brain called WTnttlcJey Dyke, every such Person (Kail, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the SymoF Fifty Pounds to any Person who (hajfor will fuefor the^lame; and the Owner of such Mill, Gig, or other Device, shall also make full Compensation and Satisfat^iion to and every I^rlon an^ Persons who shall be injured thereby, for the Damages such Person or Persons shall thereby fuftai'nj and such Penalty, Compensation, aryl Satisfaction, shall be recovered, tpget her/with full Goltt of Sdicty Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Iofortrtation, ip any of, His Majesty's Courts of Record at jYiftmnfler^ in which.no Eflbiri, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than Ope Imparlance, (halite allowed., '

renuVty of cut-

XXII; Arid wiieref$ the Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Three Districts or Divisions respectively frequently cut and dig up the same for Firing, near the Banks of the Rivers running through the same, by which M« ans the Waters of the said Rivers soak through the said Banks, to the great Prejudice of the Lands so intended to be drained *, in order therefore.to prevent the same for the future,5 f>e it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of tin's Act, cut or dig any Turves, Hods, or Sesses, within the said Three Districts or Divisions respectively, within the Distance of Sixty Feet from any Bank which now is, or hereafter fnay be made by virtue of this Act, or the said former Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit apd pay the Suh^ of Five Pounds for every Rood of such Turves, Hods, or Seiles, so cut or digged as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall make, or cause to be made, any Soak Dike. Ditch, or Soak Gripple, In or upon any of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, within the said. Three Biftricts or Divisions respectively, within the Distance of Ninety Feet from the Banks of the said River called Whittlffey Dyke, or Old Bevies River, and Thirty Feet from any other Bank now. made, or hereafter to be piade, within the said Three Districts or Divisions respectively, every such Person so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence Four-pence, for every Foot in Length off such Soak Dike, or Soak Gripple, and the Like Sum for every Month for which the same shall be. continued and the said Compvimpners for the said Three Districts or Divisions respectively, or any* Five or more of therii^ are hereby authorised and impowered, at the Cost and Charges of the Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers, of such Lands wherein such Soak Dik£ or Soak Gripple shall be made, to fill up and level the same; which said respective Forfeitures shall, upon. Conviction of the Offender or Offenders,’ before any. One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely, not interested in the Premises, upon, the Oath of One or more credible W.icness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice or Justices & and are hereby required and impowered to administer) be immediately paid into* the Hands of the Treasurer of the Dilirict or Djvtfum where such Offence shall be committed,' to be applied for the Improvement of the Works of such District or Division; and in case of Non-paymeint thereof, such respective Forfei ures shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Juf-. tice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Convictiun shall be made, and for Want of such sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall by such Justice or Justices be committed to the House of Correction for the said lQe of Ely, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as such Justice or Justices shall order and direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until such Forfeiture or Forfeitures shall bd paid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Commissioners for the said Districts respectively, or any Five or more of them, shall cause all and every the Engines and Mills already erected upon the said Three Districts, or any of them, by virtue of the said former Act, or which shall be erected and employed by virtue of this Act, to be insured against Fire in some of the publick Insurance Offices, and, from Time to Time, to pay the Expense attending such Insurance, out of the Money arising from the said former or this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, Thar the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, may, and they are hereby impowered, out of the Monies arising in or upon the said Districts respectively, to make such Allowances for catching or destroying Moles or other Vermin in the Banks and Lands belonging to, or in the said Districts respectively, as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Houses Buildings shall be erected in any of the said Districts, without the Consent in Writing of Two-

Tneinei And Mills may be in-/bred.

For catching* Mdes tnd Ver-

or

ao Poles of ftiill.

To prevent

Buildings or w

Hohs being b«ilt thirds of the Commissioners acting for each of the said Districts or Divisions, and assembled at a or planted within Meeting for that Purpose, or any other Obstruction whatsoev.er laid or placed, (except Stacks of Corn Pnu. or in Yards already laid Out for that PurposeJ or Trees or Holts planted in the said Districts, or

on the Outside thereof, or any of them, within Forty Poles {being the Pole of Eighteen Feet) of any Mill or Engine already built, erected or employed, or hereafter lobe built, erected or employed for draining the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said several Districts \ and if any Person or Persons shall build or crcft any House, Barn, or other Building, or shall plant any Tree or Holt, or place, lay, or put any other Obstruction within any less Distance than forty Poles of any such Mill or Engine, (except with such Permission from the said Commissioners as before mentioned) every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such House and Building, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to any*‘Person who shall sue for the same*; One Moiety thereof to be % paid

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 27. 439

paid to the Person so suing for the same, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Receiver or Collector for the Time being for such respective District, as the Case shall be: such Penalty, Compensation, and Satisfaction, to be recovered, together tyith Double Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt,

' Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of ftis Majesty's Courts of Record at lVi[hninftery in which no Xffoin, Protection, Pmiffge, Wager of Law. or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and for every Tree the Sum of One Shilling, and Five Pounds for every Holt or other Obstruction so planted or laid as aforesailJ; which Yaid Penalties of One Shilling, and r ive Pounds, shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, in such District where the said Offence shall be committed, by Warrds t under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the IJlr of Ely; which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered to issue; and the said Commissioners, dr any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered, at any of their Meetings, by an Order under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of them, to order their Agents or Servants to take down such Buildings so erected, and to pull up-and remove such Trees, Holes, and other Obstructions so placed contrary to this Act.

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby ehnfted, That if *ahy Trees or Holts are now growing Treat*Holt* within the Distance of Forty Poles from any Mill or Engine already btir)t,'or hereafter to be bunt with- *naj be removed in the said Three Districts, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by like Ordor under their Fhnds and Seals, to order the fime to be taken up or pulled down, as if the lame had been planted since the passing of this Act, making such Satisfaction out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, within such respective Disttift, to the Owners of such Trees or Holts*, as shall be agreed upon betwixt such Owners and the said Commissioners, and in case any Difference or Dispute ftiftl arile betwixt the said Commissioners and such Owner touching such Satisfaction, and the same cannot be settled between them, then such Satisfaction and Recompence shall be finally settled and determined by Two Justices ctf the Peace for the said Isle of Efy, not interested in the Pre-miff $, whose Determination shall be final to all Parties.

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, That in case any House or Building now erected and (landing in the Hoofolwmtw said Difl rifts shall happen to be burnt down, or blown down by Wind or Temped, or destroyed by any blown down m*f other inevitable Accident, that it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Proprietor thereof to re- be itboili. build the same upon the tame Scite or Spot of Ground on which the said Hciufe or Building flood before it was burnt or blown down, and to build at the Back of such Building, any other Building, Shed, Or Lean-to, so as the same be built and erected in such Manner as not to obstructor hinder the working of any Mi.I or Engine already erected, or hereaUer to be erected by the Authority of this Act> any Thing herein before contained to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall boD»*«fi nt to be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be

deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on r^m.* account of any Deleft or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Notice. Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining pc deemed a Tresspasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity \yhich shall be afterwards done by the Party 6r Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may Recover full Satiafad-}»on for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Case* > ‘

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Action* Suit, or Information* (bait be Limltttfeoef commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be done, mpuf-AOioM, fuance of this Act, or in Execution of the Powers and Authorities thereby £iven, every such Actiort,

Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and (h*l| be laid or brought in the County of Cambridge, or In the Isle of EIy, or One of them, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Actiorts or Suits, shall and may plead the General Issue, Not guilry, and if in Replevin, may justify and avostr, conanl kb*, by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting under and by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give this Act and the Special Matter in, Evidence, without specially pleading the famfc, other than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the lame was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act u And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same* or shall be brought in any other County or Jurisdiction, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants,

Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution* or discontinue his or their Suit or Suits; or if any Judgment shall be given against him, her, or therti, upon Demurrer, or otherwise; then, or in any of the find Cales, the Defendant or Defendants,

Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Double Costs; for which he, she, or they, shall have like Re- Double CvA* medy as where Costs by Law are awarded.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this ThU Aa sot to Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter, or takeaway, any of the alter tht fonset Clauses, Powers, anti Authorities given by the said former Act, to the Commissioners a ft ing by virtue

and in pursuance then of; but that every Clause, Power, and Authority, therein contained, shall remain. nd be in the ffme Force and Eftest, as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the Conti, a\ notwithstanding: But that all the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, given by the said former Act, In 11, so far as the same relate to the said Three Districts or Divisions, extend and be construed to exit nd to this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and reenacted in lius prefiut Act.

44.0 C. 28. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Hifbt* of tke'

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such lawful Rights, Powers, Jurisdictions,

oiporation and and Authorities, shall be saved and reserved unto the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the themselves* Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Levels and their Successors, ,m ' and to all and every other Person and Persons, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, now vetted in, and enjoyed by th m, as are not hereby taken away, altered or repealed.

[Publick Act.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted and declared, That this act shall be deemed and allowed in all Courts within this Kingdom, and upon all Occasions whatsoever, to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Courts, Judges, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to enlarge the Cemetery or Churchyard, of the Parish of Watford, in the County of Hertford, and to make an additional Building to the present Workhouse, for the Rc-t ception of the Poor of the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

fiiimUc.

WHEREAS the Church-yard of the Parish of Watford, in the County of Hertford* is of very Vy little Extent, and for a long Time past has been, and continues to be. too small for the con* .* venient and decent Interment of the Dead: And whereas the said Parish of Watford is a large exten- five Parish, and the Inhabitants thereof are become very numerous, and by the great Increase of the k Poor of the said Parish of Watford, the present Workhouse belonging thereto is become insufficient to contain them, whereby an additional Building to the present Workhouse is now very much wanted,

for the better Reception and Employment of the said Poor: And whereas by an ancient Deed of Fe- offment, bearing Date on or about the Twenty-first Day of February* in the Year of our Lord One thousand five hundred and eighty, perfected by Livery of Seisin, Francis then Earl of Bedford* Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, and Brigette Countess of Bedford, his Wife, gave, granted,

and confirmed a certain Piece of Land lying [and being in Watford, in the County of Hertford, containing by Estimation Three Roods and Two Perches, be the same more or leis, as it lay inclosed with Hedges and Ditches, in a certain Place there called The Parsonage Barn Yard, and lying between a Lane called New Street* of the South and East Parts, and the Parsonage Bam of the North and Weft,

and upon a certain Close called New Barn Close* on the South and West, and upon the said Lane cal*

New Street* towards the North and West; And all those Eight Tenements, Houses, or Messuages,

and the Appurtenances, by the Appointment of the said Brigette Countess of Bedford, erected upon Part of the said Piece of Ground, with Eight Crofts adjoining to the said Eight Messuages or Houses,

unto Arthur Lord Grate, Sir Henry Neveu Knight, Sir John Souche Knight, Anthony Tarrall Esquire,

Miles Sans Esquire, John Busjhye Esquire, Charles Hufey the elder, Esquire, Charles Hufey the younger,

Esquire, and John Hufey Gentleman, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of them, their Heirs and Affagns forever; to the Intent nevertheless, that they and their Heirs and Assigns, and all other Per*

fens who should thereafter be enfeoffed of and in the Premises, or any Part thereof, should, (amongst other Things), from Time to Time for ever thereafter, permit such Eight poore Almes-women, as, by a Writing thereto annext, should be appointed or declared to inhabit or dwell in the said Eight Messuages or Tenements, during the Life of each poore Woman: And to the further Intent and Purpose, that when the said Feoffees, or any other Persons who should thereafter be enfeoffed in the Premises, or any Part or Parcel thereof, mould be reduced to Two or One, that the Survivors or *4 Survivor should enfeoff Six, Five, or Four other Persons, and their Heirs, to the Use of them and their Heirs; upon Trust nevertheless^ and to the Intent that they who should thereafter be enfeoffed in the Premises, their Heirs and Assigns should permit and act in all Things as therein before is mentioned: And whereas by the said Writings so annexed to the said Deed of Feoffment, and bear- ing equal Date therewith, the said Earl and Countess of Bedford. did appoynte, notefie, and declare,

that the said Eight poore Women, and every of them, during the Lyffe of the said Countefle, should be thereunto appointed, elected, and chosen by the said Countefle onlye; and that after her Death,

the Nomination and Appointment of such poore Women, should for ever apertayne to the Heirs of, the Countefle, in Manner therein expressed: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, r bearing Date respectively the Fourth and Fifth Days of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty, the Release being Tripartite, and made, or mentioned to be made, between the Right Honourable Ann Holies Earl of Essex* Viscount Maldent, and Baron Capel of Hadham, only Son and Heir of the Right Honourable IViUlam late Earl of Essex* deceased, by the Right Honourable Elizabeth Countess of Essex, his Wife, (then Countess Dowager of Essex) of the First Part; the Right Honourable the Lady Frances Hanhury Williams, Widow, and the Right Honourable the Lady Mary Forbes, the Wife of the Honourable John Forbes, then One of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, of the Second Part; and the most Noble John Duke of Bedford, the Right Honourable Edward Earl of Oxford and Mortimer, and the said Elizabeth Countess Dowager of Ejjeir, of the Third Part; in consideration of a Marriage had and (blcmnized between the said Ann Holies Earl of Essex*

and Frances late Countess of Essex, his Wife; and in pursuance of certain Articles of Agreement, hearing Date on or about the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, (and therein recited), so far as the Usea and Trusts thereof were then subsisting, and could be car- rjed into Execution, and for other the Considerations therein mentioned, the said Ann Holies Earl of 3 4 EJP*

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 28. 44.1

Essex did grant and convey all that Reflory or Parsonage of Watford* and the Advowson of the Vicarage of the Church of Watford, in the said County of Hertford, together with ail and singular other the Manors, I>and$, Reftorirs, Tythes, Tenements, andf Hereditaments; whatsoever, of him the said Ann Holies Earl of Fjpx, in the said County of Hertford, and in the County of Middlesex,

(except a certain Messuage or Tenement and Farm, and all and singular the Lands and Appurtc- nances thereto belonging, at Leavefden, in the Parish of Watford aforesaid, formerly a Wood, and known by the Name of Lcavfden Wcod), and also except a certain other Messuage, Tenement, or Farm, with all and singular the Lands and Appurtenances thereto belonging, situate at or near Barnet, in *he ff.id County of Hertford* (therein particularly mentioned and described), unto the said Lady Franzes Hanbury Williams, and Lady Mary Forbes, and their Heirs, to the Uses therein after limited; (that is to say), To the Use of the said Ann Holies Earl of Essex, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wade, Remainder to the Use of the said Lady Frances Hanbury Williams, and Lady Mary Forbes, and their II irs, to preserve contingent Uses and Estates -x Remainder to the Use of the said John Duke of Bedford, Edward Earl of Oxford and Mortimer, and Elizabeth Countess Dowa-.*

ger of Essex, ,th *ir Executors, Adrr.inistrators, and Assigns* for the Term of One thousand Years,

without Impeachment of Wade; in Trust by Sale or Mortgage of the Promises so limited to them,

for the said Term of One thousand Years, or of a competent Part thereof, for all or any Part of the said Term, or by the Rents and Profits thereof, or by Sale of Timber thereupon growing, to raise the Sum therein mentioned, for the Portion of Lady Elizabeth Capel, the Daughter of the said Ann Holies Earl of Effx, by the said Frances late Countess of Essex, his Wife, to be paid to her at such Age or Time, in such Manner, and with such Maintenance, as therein is mentioned/, with a De- deration, that after the Performance of the said Truffs therein mentioned, the said Term of One thousand Years should cease, determine, and be-absolutely void; and after the End, or other sooner '

Determination of the said Term of One Thousand Years, to the Use of the Right Honourable George '

Lord Viscount Alalden, the only Son of the said Ann Holies Earl of Essex, by the said Lady Frances his late Wife, and the Heirs Male of his Body; Remainder to the right Heirs of the said Ann Holies Earl of Essex, for ever: And whereas the said Rt&ory and Parsonage of Watford, and the Advowson of the Vicarage of the Church of Watford, together with divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, is also charged with, and now remains iubjc<a and liable to the Payment of a large Annuity or yearly Rent Charge to the said Elizabeth Countess Dowager of Essex, ((Mother of the said Ann,

Holies Earl of Essex) for her Life: And whereas the 1710ft convenient and contiguous Pieces of Ground for the Enlargement of the Coemetery or Churth-yard of the Parish of Watford* and for making a Road in the Place and Stead of the present Road*.which lieth between and separateth the present Cosmetery or Church-yard from the Court or Alms-yard belonging to the said Alms-houses, con- flit of the whole of the said Alms-yard or Court-yard belonging to the said Alms-houses, and of a small Part of a Garden belonging to One of the said Alms-houses, and also of a Nook, or small Par- cel of Land, being Part of a certain Close or Yard, called Altnonwick Yard, and which said last- mentioi.eJ Close or Yard is Fart or Parcel of the Rectory or Parsonage of Watford, in the said County of Hertford \ which said Pieces of Ground, together with the present Road, so lying contiguous to*

and being convenient for the Enlargement of the said Church-yard, and for making such new Road*

as aforesaid, contain in the Whole about Half an Acre, little more or less: And whereas the said Ann Holies Earl of Essex, hath, from Time to Time, as the Heir and Descendent of the said Brigette Countess of Bedford, appointed poor Women to inhabit and dwell in the said Alms-houses, but no Feoffment appears to have be ;n made by the surviving Trustees or Trustee named in the said Deed of Feoffment, bearing Date the said Twenty-fuss Day of February, One thousand five hundred and eighty, of the said Messuages, Lands, and Premises, thereby settled and assured to such charitable Uses a* are herein before mentioned, and at this very remote Period of Time, it is apprehended that it would be very difficult, if not impracticable, to discover which of them the said Arthur Lord Graye*

Sir Henry Nevell, Sir John Souche, Anthony Farr all. Miles Sans, John Busjhye, Charles Hu fey senior*

Charles Hu fey junior, £ (quires; and John Hufey Gentleman, was the Survivor or longest Liver, and who is now the Heir of such Survivor \ and, admitting that such Heir could be found, yet, by rea- son of the charitable Uses and Trusts limited and declared of and concerning the said Alms-yard or Court-yard, and other the Premises comprised in the said ancient Deed of Feoffment, no Part thereof could be appropriated, or effectually conveyed or assured for the Purposes aforesaid, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And whereas the said Elizabeth Countess Dowager of Essex, the said Am Holies Earl of Essex, and the said George Lord Viscount Malden, and Lady Elizabeth Capel, the only Son and Daughter of said Ann Holies Earl of Essex by the said Frances late Countess oi Essex,

his Wife, deceased, are the only Persons now in being who have any Ellate, or are interested in the Manors, Lands, Rc£tories, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said County of Hertford, comprised in and intailed by the said Deed of Release or Settlement of the said Fifth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty: And the said Ann Holies Earl of Essex, on the Behalf of himself, and of the said George Lord Viscount Malden, his Son, and the said Lady Elizabeth Capel, his Daughter, who are both infants under the Age of Twenty-one Years; and the said Elizabeth Countess Dowager of Essex, and also Anne Bowden, Mary Priest, Elizabeth Hone, Sufinna Mcjfendeiu, Elizabeth Pitkin, Anne Bone, Ruth Hodfdon, and Martha Lemon, the Eight poor Persons now inhabiting and redding in the said Alms-houses, so settled in and by the said Deed of Feoff- ment of the Twenty-first of February, One thousand five hundred and Eighty, as aforesaid, are wil- ling and desirous that the said Cosmetery or Church-yard* gf Watford aforesaid shall and may be en-Vol. XI. 3 L ‘ Jaraed

442 C. 28.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Trustee* no* to A when iate-rtfted.

Time and Place «of Trustct* |4coin.

larged and made convenient for the Burial of the Dead, by the Addition of the said several (mail

Pieces or Parcels of Land before mentioned, lying contiguous thereto, or so much thereof respectively as shall be necessary; and, in order to answer the pious Intentions, and other the Purposes in this Act mentioned, that the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the said Pieces or Parcels of Land and Premises, or so much thereof as shall be convenient and necessary, shall be granted and conveyed by the said Ann Holies Earl of Essex, and Thomas Clutter buck the elder, of Great Stanmore, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, or the Survivor of them, or his Heirs, to proper Trustees to be appointed by this Act, and their Heirs and Successors: But by reason of the drift Dfes, Trulls, and Limitations, created by the said Deeds of Feoffment and Settlement respectively, the same cannot be effectuated, nor can the said Cemetery or Church-yard be enlarged, or made convenient, or the said present Road aL tered or taken away, without the Aid and Authority of an Act of Parliament; may it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted ;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Truste« appoint* Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right 1°* this Reverend the Lord Brshop of London, and the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said Parish of Watford w *ecuu*nt fQr t^e being, and the said Ann Holies Earl of Essex; the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Hyde9

Baron of Hindony in the County of Wilts; John AfketBuck nail, Richard Capper, Richard Phrip, Samuel Moody y Nicholas Martiny and Thomas Clutter buck the younger, Esquires: Joshua Pickerfgilly John Iff on y Thomas Deacony Jonathan Cox Lovett, Thomas Munny IVuliam Smithy John Ailway% George Philip Ebrety John Edlin Tuacby and Thomas Nicholl, Gentlemen; being Owners of Land in, or Inhabitants of the said Parish of Watford, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for'putting this Act in Execution.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Office or Appointment to which any Salai^r or pecuniary Profit shall be annexed by virtue of this Act; nor shall any such Trustee, on his own private Account, enter into any Contract, or have any Share or Interest in any Contraft, relating to the Execution^ any of the Powers in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to meet together in the Vestry Room of the said Parish on the Wednesday Fortnight next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the rorenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon \ and the said Trustees shall then and there proceed to put the said Act in Execution, and then, and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves to meet, or meet according to such Notice as is herein after directed to be given at such Place or Places within the said Parish, as such Trustees shall think, proper and convenient.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That, of all the Meetings to be held in *iven of Trustees pursuance of this Act, (unless by Adjournments) previous Notice shall be given in the Church of the Meetings. Parish of Watford aforesaid, on the Sunday next before such Meeting, (which Notice the Minister or

Curate of the said Parish is hereby required to read and give, or cause to be read and given) and also by Writing to be affixed on the Door of the said Church; and likewise on the Market rod on the Tuesday next after such Notice shall be given in the Parish Church, as aforesaid; which Notice shall set forth the Day, Hour, and Place of such Meeting; and at all such Meetings the said Trustees shall pay their owrx Expences.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any publick Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to appoint a 1 reasurer and Clerk, and also such One or more fit and skilful Persons (if they shall think proper so to do) as may be necessary for any of the Purposes of this Act, or that may be nc-cessary and proper to execute any Rules, Orders, and Regulations, to be made in pursuance of the same* with such Allowances as shall be judged reasonable by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them* so assembled as aforesaid; and shall and may take Security, if they shall think proper, from such Treasurer and Clerk, or any other Person or Persons so to be employed and appointed as aforesaid, or any of them; and likewise may, from Time to Time, remove such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or that shall die, or may discontinue any such Officer or Officers, when they shall think proper so to do; and such Trustees so assembled as aforesaid, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, out of the Monies arising by this Act, pay, or cause to be paid, such Salaries or other Allowances as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable, for and in Consideration of his and their Employment and Service respectively, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be aiding and affixing in and about the Execution of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act the°Eari m Essex* several Pieces or Parcels of Ground herein after particularly mentioned, shall be, and the same are &c. and may be* hereby vested in the said Ann Holies Earl of Essex, and Thomas Clutterbuck the elder, and their Heirs; and

that it shall and may be lawful for the said Ar.n Holies Earl of Essex, and Thomas Clutterbuck the elder, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, and they are hereby authorised, enabled, and required, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their Hands, or under the Hand of the Survivor of thtm, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, to be executed in the Presence^of Two or more credible Witnesses, to grant, release, and convey, to the said Trustees appointed by this Act, or such of them as shall be then living, and their Heirs and Successors, all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, containing by Admeasurement One Rood and Two Perches, little more or less, being the Court-yard or Alms^-yard lying in Front of, and belonging to the said Eight Alms-houses herein-beforo

mentioned.

Notice to bt

Trustee* to pay their own Expence*.

Trustees to appoint Officers;

take Security; and remove them, and appoint others;

and allow them Salarios.

Several Parcels of

conv.yed Trustees:

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 28/ 443

mentioned, and abutting towards the East on the present Road, near the Wall of the said Church-yard, and towards the West on the said Alms-houses: And also all that small Part or Nook of a Garden belonging to One of the said Alms-houses, in the Possession of the said Anne Bowden, containing by Admeasurement One Perch, little more or less; and also all that small Piece, Nook, or Corner, of the said Close or Yard, called Almonwick Yard% above particularly mentioned \ and which said Nook or Corner containeth by Admeasurement Thirty-three Perches, little more or less, and abutteth upon, and is bounded by the said Alms-yard towards the South, and the said present Road and a Gate and Engine-house belonging to the said Parish of Watford towards the East; and also all such Part of the present RoaJ, containing by Admeasurement Thirty-two Perches, little more or less, as lieth between the said Nook or Corner of the said Close or Yard, called Almonwick Yard% the said Alms-yard, and the South End of the said Alms-houses, and the present Church-yard, and the Messuage, Cottage, and Yard, belonging to, and occupi d by John Whiifeld Esquire, towards the South (all which said several Pieces of Ground and Road, so intended to be appropriated for the Purposes in and by this Act expressed, contain together Two Roods and twenty-eight Perches, little more or less): And that from and after the exe- Iftd» Securing of such Deed or Writing, Deeds or Writings, by the said Ann Holes Earl of EJfesc^ and Thomas Clutterbuck the elder, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor as aforesaid, the fcc/m«y oce«py# said Trustees and their Heirs and Successors, shall and may hold, occupy, possess, and enjoy, the said raid L«nd for the several Pieces or Parcels of Ground, and the said Road, or so much thereof respectively as shall be Purposti of the granted or released to them, for all or any of the Purposes in and by this Act expressed, by virtue of the Authority hereby given, freed, and absolutely discharged, indemnified, and protected, from and against all and every the Lfcs, Trusts, Limitations, Powers, Provisoes, Conditions, and Agreements, limited, expressed, or contained, either in the said Deed of Feoffment, bearing Date the Twenty-first Day of February, One thousand five hundred and eighty, and Writing thereunto annexed, bearing equal Date therewith, or in the said Indenture of Release or Settlement dated the said Fifth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty, each and every of them*

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Ann Holies Earl of Essex, and wTd* Thomas Clutterbuck the elder, and their Heirs, shall be, and they and each and every of them are hereby ciuttcrb°uTk*the indemnified and saved harmless, for and in respebfc of their, or either of their executing such Grant, Re- eiacr> indcatni-lease, or Conveyance as aforesaid; and also for or in respective of every other Art and Abb, Matters fied.

and Things, which they, or any or either of them, shall or may do, execute, or perform in pursuance of this Art, and the Power hereby given to them respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of

June> in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, all the above-mentioned to be enlarge* several Pieces or Parcels of Ground, and every Part 'hereof, with their Appurtenances, and the said present Road, so containing together Two Roods and Twenty-eight Perches, little more or less, and hereby directed to be conveyed and afluicd to the said Trustees as aforesaid, or such Part or Parts thereof respectively as shall be necessary and proper to be employed and madeufe of for the Purposes herein next after mentioned, shall be annexed to the Coemetery or Church-yard of the said Parish of Watford, and shall also, for ever, be, and be deemed, taken, and used as and for an additional Part of the Cemetery or Church-yard of the said Parish of Watford to all Intents ajid Purposes whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for SmallPicte of the said Trustees, their Heirs and Successors, end they are hereby directed and required, at any Time Grot,n<l» notoe* after the said First Day of June% One thousand ft ven hundred and seventy-two, to convey and ashire the Quantity of Fourteen Perches, little more or less, being all such Part of the present Road or Way as ^a(J> *0 bei lies between the said Alms-houses, the Alms-yard, and the said Messuage or Tenement and Cottage, in new Road to iha the Possession of the said John Whitfeld, and as shall not be necessary to be employed in making the new ChuxcX.

Road, intended to supply the Place of the present Road; and also all such Part of the said present Road as lieth in Front of the said last mentioned Cottage, and of the Yard belonging to the said John Whitfeld, and as extendeth itself Northward to the South-east Corner of the said Alms-house Yard, and to that Part of the Wall of the present Church-yard which is directly opnofite to the said Corner of the said

Alms-yard, unto the said John Whitfeld and his Heirs, for such rrice or Consideration as to the said Trustees for the Time being shall seem meer, such Price or Consideration to be applied and disposed of towards defray ing the Charges and Expences incident to, or attending the obtaining and pafltng of this Act; and also that so much and such Part of the said Court or Alms-yard, and of the said small Piece or Nook, being Part of the said Close or Yard called Almonwick Yard, as shall not be necessary to be appropriated for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall, together with the said Piece or Nook of the Garden in the Occupation of the said Anne Bowden, be appropriated and set apart for a new Road to the Church, between the said Alms-houses and the said new-intended Wall, in lieu and (lead of the present Road.

X. And it is further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any publick Meeting to beholden in C°°*

pursuance of this Act, to receive Proposals from, and contract with any Surveyor or Builder, or Buil- ders, or with Workmen, for the erecting a Wall or Walls to inclose the additional Ground within the said Cemetery or Church-yard, and for making the said new Roid to the Church between the said Alms-houses and the said new-intended Wall, in lieu and stead of the present Road; and also for erecting an additional Tenement or Building to the present Workhouse, and properly furnishing the same, for the better Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, and for finding and providing Materials and Eurnituic for that Purpose; and also to make Contracts for, or pnrchaie or provide any other

444

Giving a i »«7« Notice,

and taking Security.

Surveyors to inspect the Works.

Trustees to bring Actions for Nonperformance.

Trustees may compound with Persons.

Trustees may raise Money by granting Annuities for Lives.

Notice to be given of borrowing Money.

Ch. 28.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Materials, Matters, or Things, necessary and proper for the «ffectually*cafrying into execution the Purposes of this Act; which Contract and Contracts shall specify the flweral Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Quantity and Quality of the Materials to be delivered, and the Penalties to be suffered or sustained in case of Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts; and which Contract or Contrads shall besigned by the said Trustees, or any Severi or more of them, and also by the Person or Persons so respectively contracting, and shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees; but previous to the making any such Contract, Twenty-one Days Notice at the lead shall be given in Writing, and be fixed by such Clerk to the said Trustees, on the Outside of the Porch or Church Door of the said Parish of Watford, and also on the Market Post in the said Town of Watford, expressing the Intention of making such Contracts, in order that any Person or Persons may have an Opportunity of fending Proposals, under Sea), to any of the said Trustees, or of making such Propo-fals at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, so assembled as aforesaid, to take such Security from any Person or Persons for the Performance of any Contract or Contracts, for the Purposes aforesaid, as to the said Trustees shall fcem necessary.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby directed to cause all and every the Works to be done in pursuance of this Act, to be inspected by a Surveyor, or by such other skilful Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint; and in case the same shall not be well and fuffkriently performed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Contract or Contracts, or shall not be nnished or completed at or within the Time or Times that the same is or are agreed to be completed; such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, shall report the same to the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at their next, or any other subsequent Meeting who shall and may, in their own Name or Names, or in the Names of any Two or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer for the Time being, bring an Action of Debt, or upon the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster, against any Person or Persons so contracting and neglecting to perform the same, in the Manner, or in the Time let forth in any such Contract, for any Penalty or Penalties which shall be contained in any such Contract or Security, or for any Breach of the Covenants or Agreements therein respectively to be contained, anti on proving the signing the same, and Nonperformance thereof, the said Trustees shall be intitled to, and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties, and which, when recovered, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, according to the best of their Judgment, without Partiality, to Compound and agree with any Person or Persons so contracting and neglecting to perform the Contract, in Manner, or within the Time therein expressed, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contract or Contracts, Security or Securities, or Damages for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think reason&ble.

XIII. And forasmuch as borrowing a reasonable and adequate Sum or Sums of Money, upon the c Credit, of this Act, by granting Annuities for Lives, will not only be the least burthensome to the Owners of Lands in, and Inhabitants of, the said Parish, but also the most speedy and effectual Me- thod to accomplish the Purposes aforesaid,’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, to contribute, advance, and pay to the said Trustees, or to any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall, by any Writing under their Hands, authorise and impower to receive the same, for the Uses before mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of each such Contributor respectively, or the natural Life of such other Person as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of each such respective Contributors, at the Time of Payment of their respective Purchase or Contribution-money; which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds per Annum for every One hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Sum so to be advanced and paid as aforesaid; and the said Annuities shall be payable and paid by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, in the Vestry Room of the said Parish, oratfmh other Place in the said Parish as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall for that Purpose appoint, determined by equal Half-yearly Payments, or otherwise, as in the Grant or Grants thereof shall be respectively expressed, and to commence from the Receipt of any Sum or Sums of Money respectively; and such Annuity or Annuities shall not be subject or liable to any Deduction or Abatement for or in respect of any Tax, Charge, or Asseilrnent irr posed, or to be imposed, by the Authority of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, upon the Lands, Tenements, or Persons charged therewith, or by whom, or out of which the same are to be answered and paid; nor dull any such Annuitant or Annuitants, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any of them, be answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or Non-application of,^ or liable to make good any Loss that shall or may happen, in or of any such Purchase or Consideration-money, that shall be so advanced or paid as aforesaid, or any Part thereof.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That previous to the Grant or Sale of such Annuities, in order to raise the said Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, One Calendar Month’s Notice at the least shall Four or more different Days be given in some One or more of the publick Newspapers, and Uitf like previous Notice in Writing shall, in Manner

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecinfo Georgii III. C. 28.' 445

Manner aforesaid, be fixed on the Outside of the Church Door of the said Parish, and on the Market Port in the Town of H'atford, expressing the Intention of the Grant or Sale of such Annuity or Annuities, so as to raise the said Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, ia order that any Person may have an Opportunity to deliver in Proposals for what annual Interest per Centum they are willing to lend or advance their Money; and the said Trustees, or any Seven or moro of them, shall (if they think any such Proposals reasonable) give the Preference to the lowed Propoler,

Regard being had to the Circumstances of Age and Health; and the said Annuities shall, at such Meeting or Meetings, be granted or sold by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to the best Advantage they can.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided by the said Contributor* Trustees, and kept in the Vestry Room of the said Parish, or in such ether Place within the said Parish SumTpahTin'to as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them shall appoint, a Book or Books, in which shall be crupcred h, fairly written, in Words at length, the Names and Surnames, with the proper Additions and Places of B«oki.

Abode, of all Persons who shall be Purchasers of any of the Annuities aforesaid, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said Purchasers shall pay in any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this A cl 5 and also the Sum and Sums so paid for the Purchase of such Annuities, and the respective Days of Payment thereof; and also by the same, or any other Hooks, to shew the Application of all Sums of Money raised in pursuance of this Act; to which Book or Books it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Purchasers, and their Assigns, or any Person or Persons who shall be liable to any Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, to have Recourse, and to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees shall cause an Account to be made up yearly of all Monies paid by them in such Year and shall cause the Balance of such Account to be carried on and accounted for in the next Year’s Account; and shall also estimate or date all Monies due from and payable by the said Trustees, or their Collectors, and also all Monies due from and payable by the said Trustees, by virtue of thisAdh

XVI. And, for the more effectual feenring to the said Annuitants the full and regular Payment of Annuitant* fa>»

their respective Annuities as aforesaid,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it ?o*W<and recover shall happen that the said respective Annuities so as aforesaid to be granted or fold, or any Pait thereof, Annuities shall he behind or unpaid, hv the Space of Thirty Days next after the same shall respectively become and Arrears, due and payable as aforesaid, (being demanded), they the said Annuitants respectively, and his and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to commence and prosecute One or more Action or Actions at Law upon the Case, or in Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJiminfttri in order to recover such Annuity or Annuities, or yearly.

Sums, and all Arrears thereof that shall be due to him, her, or them respectively, against the Treasurer or Receiver appointed by the said Trustees for the Time being refuting or neglecting to pay the same; and shall and may, upon such Action or Actions, recover the Money so due and payable: And moreover, if a Verdicft passes for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, he, she, or they,

shall recover Full Costs, and shall have the like Remedies for the same aa by the Law is allowed in other cases.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Ann»!tJe*mtf for the Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Annuities, and his, her, and their Assigns, to assign over *transferred* their respective Annuities, and the Deeds of Grant, or Securities for the same, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; all which Assignments or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk appointed Assignmenti m*y

by the said Trustees, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry of such m

Transfers or Assignments to be made in a proper Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, containing, in Words at length, the Dates, Names of the Parties, and the Annuity therein mentioned to be assigned and transferred, for which the Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; all which said Books shall and may, at all ledsonable Times, be perused and inspected, FiC*i

without Fee or Reward, by any Person or Persons interested in any such Security, Alignment, or Annuity; and after such Entry made, such Assignment and Transfer shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Affiance may in such Manner assign or transfer again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person, who shall have made such Assignment and Transfer, to make void or discharge the (art e, or any Monies due thereon.

XVIII. Provided always, That no Assignment shall be deemed good and effectual, nor shall the Trufflees be obliged to take Notice thereof, until such Entry shall have been made in such Book or Books as aforesaid.

XIX. And, for the more effectually securing the Payment of the said Annuities so to be granted or*re#f

fold, for the raising Money to pay for the inclosing the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground, so to be an-

nexed to the said Church-yard, and making the same fit and commodious for the Burial of the Dead; purpufei oV de*

as also for the erecting and furnishing the additional Building for the better Reception and Employ- fr ying the Ex*

tnent of the Poor; and likewise for making the said intended Road, and ali Charges and Expences F*nrc» * flu*

incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-twes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said rustees herein-before named and appointed, or any Seven or more of them, being Owners of Land in, or Inhabitants of, the said Pan(h, and they aic hereby required to make, or cause to be made, as (oon as conveniently may be, after that Time, an Assessment or Assessments, upon all and every the Lands, Houses, Mills, Shops, Warehouses, or

Tenements,

446 C. 28.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

‘Two-tSiirdi to paid by Owners end One-Thud by Tenants. Tenants to tnake up Deficiencies, and dedfl& the Tame cut of their Rents.

Land-tax to attend on Two Days Notice given them, and (produce their Aflefimeau.

Power of Trustees*

Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, so as the Tame do not exceed in the whole Sixpence in the Pound, of the yearly Rent of such Lands, Houses, Mills, Shops, Warehouses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as the same shall at the Time of making such Assessmenc or Assessments stand charged and rated to the Land-tax, Two-third Parts whereof shall be sustained and paid by the respective Landlords and Owners of the said Lands, Houses, Mills, Shops, Warehouses, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, and the remaining One-third Part shall be sustained and paid by the respective Inhabitants, Tenants, or Occupiers thereof; which said Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears that shall or may become due, or remain unpaid thereof, shall and may be collected from the Tenants or Occupiers by the Collector or Collectors of the Land-tax for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall appoint, who are hereby required to give Receipts gratis to the Person or Persons paying the same; and the said Tenants and Occupiers shall and may dedud and detain out of the Rents payable to the Landlords and Owners of the said Premises the said Two-third Parts of such Rate or Assessment so to be made and collected; and the said Landlords, mediate or immediate, according to their respective Interests, are hereby required to allow to such Tenants, such Deductions and Payments accordingly: And every Tenant paying such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, for and upon the Landlord’s Account, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from so much Money as the same shall amount unto, as fully and effect tually as if the same had been actually paid to any such Landlord or Landlords, or other Person or Persons to whom his or her Rent was or should have been paid or payable.

Collectors of the c

XX. And, for the more perfect, exact, and certain making and collecting all and every the Assessment and Assessments, hereby authorised to be made,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector or Collectors for the Time being of the Land-tax, rated and charged upon every or any Part of the said Parish, and every of them, upon Two Days Notice to him or them respectively given, or left at his or their respective Place or Places of Abode, by any Servant or Agent, to be employed by the Trustees herein-before named, shall, nd they are herrby required to attend with, and to produce and shew the several Land-tax Assessments, in the Custody of each of them respectively, at the Time and Times of making the Assessment or Assessments, pursuant to this Act, to the Trustees herein named, or such of them, as shall be assembled and met together for that Purpose.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That they the said Trustees, and the Survivors of them, or any Seven or more of them, shall be, and are hereby impowered to demand, receive and take of and from the Collectors, the Monies arising by the Assessment or Assessments hereinbefore mentioned, which Monies shall be by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, paid and applied to and for the several Uses and Purposes aforesaid, and in such Manner as herein after is /*" ment*oned: And in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay such Assessment or Assess-v jr jitiefi. then {jjiH anj may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them,

for the Time being, or any Person or Persons whom they, or any Seven or more of them, shall, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint and authorise, to levy the said Assessment or Affcfl-tnents upon every or any of the Person or Persons liable to pay the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels belonging to the Person and Persons *iegleding or refuting to pay the same; and the Goods and Chattels lo distrained to detain and keep until such Assessment or Assessments, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall be paid; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and Persons so distraining, after the Space of Three Days next after such Distress taken, to fell the Goods and Chattels so distrained, r turning the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Assessment or As'efiments,; nd the reasonable Charges for or by reason of distraining, keeping, and felling the same, shall be deducted.

Sit Allowance

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Collector or Collectors for ior(hoTTrouble Time being, and every of them, shall have and be intitled to such Allowance, for all such Sum and in colkaing. Sums of Money, as he shall so collect as aforesaid, for his Trouble in collecting the same, as the Trustees, or any Seven or more of them shall appoint, so as the same shall not at any Time exceed Sixpence and pay to the in the Pound; and shall, from Time to Time, pay over all and every Sum and Sums of Money, by them. Rates to the r». respectively collected and received, after deducing or retaining such Allowance, as herein last before men-i* the Trufleau t*on.e^» to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall, by any y # Writing or Writings under their Hands, authorise and impower to receive the same, (such Treasurer or

Receiver giving a reasonable Security to the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, for his due and faithful Execution of his said Office), to be for the Purposes of, and according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and not otherwise: And that every such Collector shall fairly enter, or cause to. be entered, in One or more Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose, all and every Sum and Sums

le wa fyjoney^ they, and every of them, shall have respectively received or collected, by virtue of this

Ad, or by virtue of any Power or Authority, in pursuance thereof, with the respective Times of their receiving the same; and shall, upon Oath, as often as required by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to be made before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Liberty of Saint Alban^ in the said County of Hertford^ (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby im- powered and required to administer), give a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing, under his-or their Hand or Hands, of all the Monies which he or they shall have collected, levied, or received.

Lottes hew to be

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Monies col-juadtgood. lecded or received by virtue of this Act shall be loft by Insolvency, or otherwise, the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may make a new additional Rate or Assessment, or Rates or Assess-

dnents, for suppling and making good such Deficiencies, and the Charges occasioned by or on Account

1 of

Receiver to give

Security. Colleton to enter Sums col-

and to account Aipon Oath.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 28. 44.7

of the same, which shall be collected and levied in Manner aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the

Contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Assessment or Assessments Rate*celle&e<f herein directed to be collected and paid, shall be charged and chargeable with and for the Payment c

the Annuity or Annuities so granted or fold; and in case of Default of Payment of the said Annuity or

Annuities wirhin the Space of Forty Day$,next after the Time or Times when the same shall beconv qgDefaait©f due and payable, the Monies due on such Assessments shall be from thenceforth vested in the Person or Payment, the Persons who shall have contributed, advanced, and paid such Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit Ra»estovefti* of this Act, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, and all Costs and Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment of the same; and such Per- Costs bcfuljj son and Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay the said Monies, or his, her, or their paid. Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall, in case the same Annuity or Annuities shall be unpaid for the Space of Forty Days as aforesaid, and until full Payment thereof, with all Costs and Charges aforesaid, have the same Power, Rights, and Privileges of assessing, collecting, distraining for, and levying the said Assessment or Assessments, payable by virtue of this Act, as the said Trustees, or any of them, could have had, in case the said Annuity or Annuities had been regularly and fully paid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Assessment or Assessments to Commencement to be made in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, shall take Place from such Time as shall be appointed and Continuance by the said Trustees, or any Sev< n or more of them; and that the like Assessment or Assessments shall then after be made yearly, and Once or oftener in every Year and be collected and levied in such Manner and Proportion as the First Assessment or Assessments is or are herein-before directed to be made* collected, sad levied, and shall be and continue for and during the natural Life or Lives only of such Person or Persons respectively as shall have contributed, advanced, and paid, any Sum or Sums of Money pursuant to this Act (if any such shall be contributed, advanced, and paid as aforesaid); and in case no such Annuity or Annuities shall be granted or fold, or no such Sum or Sums of Money shall be con-contributed, advanced, or paid, on Account thereof, then, during so long Time, and until the Charges and Expences of annexing or inclosing the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground to to be annexed to the said Church-yard, and making the same nt and commodious for the Burial of the Dead; and also until the Expences of erecting and furnishing the new additional Building to the said Workhouse, for the better Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish; and likewise the Expences of making the said new intended Road, and all other Charges incident thereunto; and also the Expences of applying for and obtaining this Act shall be fully paid and satisfied: And from and after the Determination of such Annuity or Annuities as shall be granted or sold as aforesaid, and Satisfaction made of all such Sum and Sums of Money so to be contributed, advanced, and paid as aforesaid; and also from and after tha Payment and Satisfaction of the Charges and Expences latt before mentioned, (in case no such Annuity or Annuities shall be granted or fold, or no such Sum or Sums shall be contributed, advanced, and paid on Account thereof), such Assessment or Assessments Audi cease and detexmine, any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from Time to Time, and at all Thirteet tying* Times during the Continuance of this Act, when any Trustee or Trustees appointed, by this Act, or to crrefii6o» be appointed in pursuance hereof, (other than and except the Vicar and Churchwardens for the Time being), shall die or refuse to Act, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, (other than and except the said Vicar and Churchwardens for the Time being), assembled at any Meeting.'in pursuance of this Act, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to nominate and appoint some other fit and able Person or Persons, being Inhabitants of or Owners of Land in the said Parish of Watford, to be a Trustee or Trustees for putting this Act in Execution; all which Persons so to be nominated and appointed shall be, and are hereby invested with the several Powers by this Act granted to the Trustees herein and hereby nominated and appointed.

XXVII. And, in order to provide a reasonable Recompence for the said Eight poor Women, inha-4®*-totht ‘ biting the said Alms-houses, and for the Alms-women elected and appointed to reside therein for the t#

Time being, for the said Court or Alms-yard so to be taken therefrom, and appropriated for the Pur- owfea/Jf tha poses of this Act/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful Poor for«?«. to and for the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Watford for the Time being, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to pay out of the Poors Rates of the said Parish the Sum of Forty Shillings yearly for ever, to be paid to and equally divided among the said Eight poor Alms-women for the Time being, on the Twenty-fourth Day of December in every Year, the First Payment thereof to begin and be made on the Twenty-fourth Day of December next after the passing of

thisAa.

XXVIII. Provided always, That no Tenant or Tenants of any House or Houses within the said NoT«n*t char* Parish of Watford shall be charged on his own Account to, or be liable to pay any Rate or Assessment to be swbic with the made pursuant to this Act, unless Inch Tenant or Tenants hold and occupy a House or Houses, of ^j0r,e^r*tejJ‘en^tcf the yearly Value of more than Three Pounds, or be rated towards the Support of the Poor of the stud aoithcProprie- Parish, but the Landlord or Landlords of such House or Houses shall not be excused from paying his ion of empty and their Two-third Parts for the tame: And that no Landlord or Proprietor of any House or Houses, Houses to b© shall be rated for, or liable to pay, any Tax or Assessment for any Houli: or Houses, during the Thne a^cffed*-such House or Houses shall be empty and unoccupied*

XXIX.

448 C. 29.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 177?.

Houses let to different Fami-

XXIX. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That in case any House or Tenement shall be set, let, or occupied in different Apartments, Rooms, or Lodgings, to or by distinct and separate Fa-

with the*© Lodgers, or Inmates, the whole House or Tenement so let and occupied shall be charged with the whole Rate assessed, or to be collected, for or In respect of the same: And in case of Non-payment, the said Rate shall and may be levied and recovered upon and from any of the Inhabitants or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such House or Tenement, in such and the same Manner as the other Rates, directed by this Act to be raised, are appointed to be levied and recovered.

XXX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall find him or themselves aggrieved by any. Order, Direction, or Appointment of the said Trustees, or by Means of the said Assessment or Assessments, in pursuance or under Colour of this Act; then.

upon Appeal to the next Quarter Sessions, to be held for the Lid Liberty of Saint Aiban, within the

New Ground.

Person* aggrieved may Appeal to the Quarter-fef-:£oab.

{aid County of Hertford, it {Kail and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the greater Num-Justice* Order to ber of them then and there assembled, to make such Order therein, as to them shall seem meet, which be find. Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

The accudomed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Vicar of the said Parish of

Dues to be paid Watford for the Time being shall be intitled, from Time to Time, for ever, after the said Grouad for Bnjriaismtfat fQ to bc annexed to the said Church-yard shall have been consecrated, to have, hold, exercise, and enjoy the same Rights, Liberties, and Privileges, over all the Ground to be annexed to the present Church-yard, _as he now lawfully hath, or can or may lawfully claim over and in respect to the present Church-yard: And also that the said Vicar, and the Clerk and Sexton for the Time being, shall, for ever after such Consecration, have, receive, and take the like Rates, Dues, Fees, and Profits, for and on Account of Burials, in any Part or Parts of the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground, so to be annexed to the said Church-yard, as by them, or any of them respectively, now are taken and received, for and on Account of Burials in the present Cosmetery or Church-yard.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of passing this Act, and all other Ch rges incident to the obtaining thereof, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of the First Monies arising by virtue of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Appointment, without Sump*. Information, Order, Judgment, Conviction, Warrant, Assignment, Transfer, Deed of Grant, or

other Security for the borrowing of Money, or other Writing whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done, or to be done, ;in pursuance of this Act, every such Suit or Action shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought and tried in the County of Hertford, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Suits or Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to be -so done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and-upon such Verdict, or if the Plain-tift'or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedies for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cases by Law.

XXXV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, Thkt this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, in all Courts and‘Places whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Expenc<* of the Alt how to be

paid.

Writings to be

Limitation of Actions.

Genets! Ifloe.

Treble Cod*.

[Publick Act.]

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and removing certain now standing

near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber; and for treeing other ft and convenient Light-houses instead thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

Att6 Geo. III. y/y jesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and removing certain Light-houses now Jlartding near tht

Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber; and for erecting other fit and convenient Light-houses instead thereof; after reciting, amonest other Things, That it was absolutely necessary for the Safety of the

Northern Navigation that Two new Light-houses should be erected in a proper Place nearer to the

Spurn Point than the Place where the then Light-houses stood; and that John Angel, then of Stocks well, in the County of Surrey, Esquire, as Owner of Three-fourth Parts of the said Light-houses, Revenues, Duties, and Profits, having had frequent Applications made to him, or his Agents, by the Corporations of the Trinity Houses of Deptford Strond and King/hn upon Hull, and also by Leonard Thompson, therein named, and all possible Means having been used to prevail on him to change the Situation thereof, in such a Manner as that they might answer the good Ends and Purposes for which they wers originally deligned, had, from Time to Time, wholly neglected or refused so to do, or to

' A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 29.

contribute his Proportion of the Expence of taking down and removing the said then Light-houses, and of erecting and building others in the Stead thereof as aforesaid, whereby, and by Petitions to € His Majesty for that Purpose, and by References thereon, the said Corporations, and also the fail Le- cnard Thompson, had been put to conriderable Charges and Expences; and also reciting. That the said Leonard Thompson was ready and willing to take down and remove the said then Light-houses, and to erect and build others instead thereof, in such Place or Places near to the present Point of the Spurn, and in such Manner and Form, as should be thought most proper and convenient by the said Corpo- ration of the Trinity Hou/e of Deptford Strond, and under their Inspection and Direction, upon his be- ing enabled to borrow and raise Money for that Purpose, ^and fhr repaying to the said Corporations of the Trinity Hotfes of Deptford Strond and Hull, and him the said Leonard Thompson respectively, their said respective Charges and Expences incurred concerning the said Light-houses, and also for defray- ing the Charges of soliciting and obtaining that Act, and so that the Three-fourth Parts of the said

Revenues, Duties, and Profits, belonging to the said John Angdl, might be a redeemable Intered in him, or the Person or Persons intitled thereto, on his or their paying the whole Amount of the said Expences of the said Corporations of Deptford Strond and Hully and of him the said Leonard Thompson, and the Intered thereof, and Three-fourth Parts of the Expences of obtaining that Act, and removing and rebuilding the said Light-houses, and the Intered of such Three-foui th Parts, to the Person or Persons who should advance and lend the same, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; bu* by reason of the Edate and Intered which the said John Angell had in the said Three-fourth Parts of said Lands, Light-houses, Revenues, Duties, and Profits, and by reason that the said Leonard Thcmp- son was only Tenant for Life, with such Remainders over as in the said Act is mentioned, in the said Fourth Part of the said Premises, the Purposes aforesaid could not be effected without Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore, for promoting a Work so conducive to the Safety of His Majesty's Subjects, and to remedy so great a detriment to Trade and Navigation, it was enacted, That it should be lawful for the said Leonard Thompson, and other the Person and Persons who should for the Time be* ing be intitled to his Fourth Part of the Duties and Profits by the said Act granted or continued by or under the therein recited Will of Edward Thompson, and he and they were thereby authorised and reT auired, with as much Speed as conveniently might be, after the Fird Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built, Two new and sufficient Light-houses, with suitable Offices and Conveniences, at or near the said Spurn Point, and according to such Plan and Edimate as the Mailer, Wardens, and A Aidants of the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond should, by Writing under their Common Seal, specify, appoint, and approve of; and for that Purpose to take down the then present Light-houses, and to make use of all or any Part of the Materials thereof, or other wise to sell and dispose of the same, and to apply the Money arising thereby towards building such new Light-houses; and in the mean Time, and un- til such new Light-houses shall be completed, to erect and continue Two temporary Light-houses as near as might be to the respective Places where the said new Light-houses should, as aforesaid, be appointed to be built, and also to keep sufficient Lights and Fires continually burning in the Night Season, so as to answer the Purposes intended by the said Act, for the Benefit of Navigation; and from "rime to Time to enlarge, contract, alter, or remove the said new Light-houses, or either of them, as Occasion might require, with the Consent and by the Direction of the same Corporation, to be signified as aforesaid; and for any of the Purposes aforesaid, to enter upon and use such Part or Parts of the Land at or near the Spurn Pointy as the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond should, from Time to Time, by Writing -under their Common Seal, appoint: And to the End that the Completion of so necessary a Work might not be obstructed by the said John Angcii's per- fitting in his Refusal to co-operate with the said Leonard 7hompfon therein, and for enabling the said Leonard Thompson, or other Person or Persons who should come into Possession of his Share or Intered in the said Premises, to discharge to the Corporations of the Trinity HouJ'c of Deptford and Hully and to him the said Leonard Thompson respectively, the Expences which he and they had been put to on the Occ fions aforesaid, and to enfeharge the Expences of obtaining the said recited Act1 (such Expences to be ascertained as therein is directed), and to raise Money filtfieient for taking down the then p;c- font Light-houses, and ereiSting and building the said temporary Lights and new Light-houses, it was by the said Act further enacted, That it should be lawful for the said Leonard Thompf.n, or other Person or Persons in Possession of his said Fourth Part, to borrow and raise any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of the aforesaid Expences and Edimate ascertained in Manner as aforesaid; and for securing the Repayment thereof, to mortgage, lease, or demise, the Ground which should be appointed in Manner aforesaid, together with the Light-houses which should be eiedted thereon, with their Appurtenances, and the Duties and Profits thereby granted, for any Number of Years, not exceeding Five hundred Years, under and subject to such Provisoes, Covenants, and Conditions, as well for Redemption as other Purposes, as in the said Act are particularly mentioned and expressed: And it was by the said Ati further enacted, That if the said Leonard Thompson, or other Person or Persons who should come into Possession of his Share and In- tcrelt in the said Premises, should neglect or retufe to perform the Works above mentioned within Two Years after receiving such Plan and Eliimatc as aforesaid, that then the said Corporation of the Trinity Horse of Deptford Strond should cause the same to be completed; and from and after the Erections of such Light-houses, and placing Lights therein by the said Corporation, the said Duties thereby granted or continued, with the Powers and Authorities for demanding, collecting, a d rc- ceivii g the same, should immediately vest in the said Corporation, in Manner and for the Time

449

45© Ci 29. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 177 a.*

therein mentioned: And whereas, in pursuance of the said Act, the said Leonard Thompson hath pro- cecded to take down the said old Light-houses, and at his own Expence hath erected Two temporary Lights $ but the said Leonard Thomson not being able to borrow a Sum of Money sufficient to enable him to erect and build Two new Light-houses at the said Spurn Pointy for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was constrained to apply to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, to take upon them, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, the erecting and building such Two new Light-houses, with suitable Offices and Conventencies, at or near the H said Spurn Pointy under their Care and Management, which the said Corporation, after furnishing a proper Plan and Estimate for thatl^urpose to the said Leonard Thompson, did accordingly undertake and agree to do, and, in pursuance thereof, have contrafted and agreed with able and experienced Surveyors and Workmen for the erecting and building such Two new Light-houses, according to the said Plan and Estimate approved of under their Common Seal, as by the said Act is directed; and the said Corporation are now proceeding, with all due Diligence, to construct and finish the said Two new Light-houses, and for that Purpose have already expended and laid out several large Sums of Money, and will be under a Necessity of expending a dill further considerable Sum before the said Light-houses and Works can be completed: And whereas the Duties granted or continued by the said former Act are not to become vested in the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, under the Powers contained in the said recited Act, until the said Two new Light-houses shall be erected, and Lights placed thereon by the said Corporation: And whereas the said Corpo- ration, and the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Hully and also the said Leonard Thompson% have expended very considerable Sums of Money on the Occasions in the said Act mentioned, as also in the obtaining the aforesaid Act of Parliament, (all which Expences have been ascertained by the Commissioners therein named, according to the Directions and Authority of the said Act), and since the passing thereof, in pulling down the said old Light-houses, and erecting the aforesaid temporary Light-houses, and in carrying on the present Works towards building and completing the said Two new Light-houses, which Sums they have at present no Means of being reimbursed; and the 14 Agents of the said John Angell have also greatly obstructed the Workmen employed by the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, in erecting the said new Light-houses: And whereas it is highly necessary to the Navigation of this Kingdom, that the said new Light-houses should be erected and completed as soon as may be; and it is also very fit and reasonable that the said Corporations of the Trinity Houses of Deptford Strond of Hully and also the said Leonard Thompson,

should be severally paid their aforesaid Charges and Expences; may it therefore plealc Your Majesty,

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Tcmpomy ‘assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day ofjunry

Light-hous«t one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, the said Two temporary Light-houses erected as afore-

tested^Trinityan<* *ke Upholding, Maintenance, Management, and Care thereof, until the said new Light-Mmife of Dept- houses shall be erected and completed, and also all and every the Duties granted in or by all or any ford strond, on- the Letters Patent in the said recited Act mentioned or referred to, or by the said Act continued*, til all Expences confirmed, or granted, together with the Powers and Authorities by the said Act, or Letters Patenr,

be paid, 8cc. given or granted for demanding, collecting, and recovering the same, shall immediately vest in the said

Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and their Successors, who may, from Time to Time, appoint proper Light-keepers, and other Officers and Servants, for the Care and Management of the said temporary and new Light-houses, and also proper Persons to receive the same Duties; and the said Corporation shall and may, and is hereby required and impowered, by and out of the Three-fourth Parts of the said Duties belonging to the said John Angelly in the First Place, to discharge and reimburse to the said Corporations of the Trinity Houses of Deptford Strond and Hully and to him the said Leonard Thompson, all the Expences which they have respectively been put to on the Occasions in the said Act mentioned, and which are, by the said recited Act, directed to be wholly borne and paid by the said John Angelly together with Interest for the same; and also by and out of the Whole of the said Duties, to discharge and reimburse to the said Corporations and Leonard Thompson all the Expences which they have respectively been put to in obtaining the said recited Act of Parliament, as the same several Expences have been ascertained, settled, and allowed by the Commissioners therein named, as herein-before mentioned; and, in the next Place, to discharge, satisfy, and reimburse to the said Leonard Thompson, all such Sum and Sums of Money as he shall have laid out and expended in, about, or incident to the said Two temporary Light-houses, together with the interest for the aforesaid fe*-veral and respective Sums of Money; and after Payment and Satisfaction thereof, then to satisfy and reimburse to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond all such Sum and Sum of Money as the said Corporation hath already or shall hereafter expend or be put unto in maintaining and repairing, and also in the Management and Care of the said Temporary Lights, and in the erecting and completing the said Two new Light-houses, and all Charges and Expences incident thereto respectively, together with the Interest of the same; and also the Expences of soliciting and obtaining this and ifter S3 if- prc^cnt Act: And from and after full Satisfaction of all and every the Sums of Money, Charges, and fast onofaiiMo-kxpences herein-before mentioned and enumerated, and hereby intended and directed to be paid by r?y due. Light Receipt of the said Duties, and also after payment of the Charges and Expences of collecting the same, house*, &c, to be then the Power of the Receiver or Receivers to be appointed by the said Corporation shall cease and formerP r!^ determine, and the said Duties shall from thenceforth re-vell in the said John Angell and Leonard Thomp* zr ,pnC* fin respectively, according to their proportionate Shares and interests therein, or in the Persons for the

Time

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 29. 451

'lime being in titled to the same, together with the Powers and Authorities by the said Act granted for demanding, collecting, and recovering the same.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and mayLiffet-hou

be lawful for the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strong until such Time as theb*ltCf^ m c,t* said Two new Light-houses shall be completely erected, and Lights placed therein, from Time toofNcct Time, in case of absolute Necessity, to alter, or remove the said new Light-houses, or either of

them, and for any of the Purposes aforesaid, to enter upon and use such Part or Parts of the Land at or near the Spurn Pointy be it the Soil or Ground of the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or of any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate; and that the Charges and Expences of such Alterations or Removal of the said new Light-houses, and in the mean Time of ere Cline temporary Lights, if the same shall be found necessary, shall and may be detained, from Time to Time, by the said Corporation, out of all or any Part of the said Duties, in Manner aforesaid.

III. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if after the said new Light- PrMifion* fcr houses shall have been built and completed, and the same shall be re-vested in the said Leonard Thomp-fotnreRepwrs* son or John Angelly or either of them, or in any other Person or Persons intitled to their or either of

their Shares therein, the said new Light-houses, shall at any Time thereafter be out of Repair, so as not to answer the Purposes hereby intended, and shall not be put into sufficient Repair and Condition within the Space of Forty Days, after giving or leaving Notice or Warning in Writing from the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond with the Keeper or Keepers of the said Light-houses, requiring such Defeats or Wants of Reparations to be remedied and amended;

then, and from thenceforth, the said Corporation shall, and they are hereby required to cause the said Light-houses to be repaired, and from thenceforth the said Duties hereby granted or continued, with the Powers and Authorities for demanding, collecting, and recovering the same, shall immediately again vest in the same Corporation, who may from Time to Time, appoint proper Persons to receive the same Duties, and thereout reimburse themselves all the Expences, Costs and Charges which they shall have sustained in or about the repairing the said Light-houses, and all other incident Charges; and from and after Payment and Satisfaction thereof to the said Corporation, the Power of the Receiver or Receivers so to be appointed as aforesaid shall ccafe and determine, and the said Duties shall thenceforth re-vest in the said Leonard Thonffon and John Angelly according to their proportionate Share or Interest, or in the Persons for the 'J irnc being intitled to the same, with the Powers and Authorities hereby granted for demanding, collecting, and recovering the same,

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties to be demanded andriw Dotif* (halt raised in respect to the Light-houses to be erected by virtue of this present or the said former Act, be ptyaUe in the shall he demanded and payable in like manner, and to as full Extent as the same were due and pay-f*»* Manner at able in respect of the said former Light-houses, which have been pulled down and abated by virtue °ld

of the said former Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. ouc,#

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case either of them the said John On Payment by Angell and Leonard Thompson, or the Person or Persons intitled to their respective Shares of the said Mr* Angcii or Light-houses and Duties, shall at any Time pay and reimburse to the said Corporation of the 7H-JJr^®jPtfon nity House of Deptford Strond, his or their respective Parts and Proportions herein-before ascertained

the several Sums charged upon the said Duties to be vested in the said Corporation for the Purposeafpeait* Share* herein-before directed, that then the said Light-houses and Duties shall, from thenceforth immediately of Expene*, &c. rc-vest in either of them the said John Angell and Leonard Thompson, or the Person or Persons intitled as the La^u-botifei aforesaid, according to their proportionate Shares and Interests in the said Light-houses and Duties, JJeTrftLm who shall have so paid his or their respective full Shares and Proporuons of the said Sums of Money; c f any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas it would be unreasonable that the Proportion of the Expene e charged by the Mr. Thompfoa said former and this present Act, upon the Fourth or such other Part of the said Light-houses and in#P°wered to Duties, whereof the said Leonard Thompson is so Tenant for Life, should be raised and paid out ot m9rTSJ£ef or during his Life Estate therein, in Exoneration of the Person or Persons who shall be intitled to the same Fourth Part, expedant upon his Deceasebe it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Leonard Thompson, and he is hereby fully authorised and impowered, by Morrgage, Grant, Lease, or Demise of the said Fourth or other Part of the said Light-houses and Dunes, and the Reversion and Inheritance thereof, to borrow and raise any Sum or Sums of Money sufficient to pay and discharge, and not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of the said several Expences, to the Payment whereof the said Fourth Part is made chargeable, and subjected by the said former and this present Act; and such Mortgage and Mortgages shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding the said Light-houses and Duties being^ invelted in the said Corporation, and notwithstanding the said Leonard Thompson % being only Tenant for Life as aforesaid; so nevertheless that such Mortgage or Mortgages shall not defeat or obstruct, or be construed to defeat or obstruct, the Purposes for which the said Duties are hereby directed to be vetted in the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond; and so as every such Mortgage shall contain a Proviso, that the Person or Persons who shall, upon the Decease of the said Leonard Thompson, become intitled to the Reversion or Remainder of the same Fourth or other Part, shall not, on his, her, or their coming into Possession thereof, be liable to any larger Arrear of Interest than for One Year preceding the Time when the Title to such Possession shall accrue and commence; or in Default of railing by Mortgage as aforesaid the Amount of the said several Expences, where to the said Leonard Thompson $ said

45* C. 30. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Fourth or other Part of the said Light-houses and Duties is charged or subjected by the said former or this present Act, for the Purposes herein-before enumerated, the same shall be a Lien and Charge upon the Reversion or Remainder of the same Fourth or other Part, expedant on his Decease, and shall be payable to such Person or Persons as the said Leonard Thompson shall by Deed or Will, to be duly executed by him in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, direct and -appoint, or in Default thereof, to the Executors or Administrators of the said Leonard Thompson, at the End of Six Months next after his Death, together with Interest for the same, from the Day of his Decease, by the Person or Persons who shall thereupon become intitled to the Reversion or Remainder of the same Fourth or other Part of the said Light-houses and Duties.

Saving Mr.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be

Constable't construed to extend, to prejudice William Constable Esquire, his Heirs or Assigns, or such other Per-

Jogms. son or persons who now is or hereafter shall be Owner or Owners of the Soil or Ground whereon

such new-intended Light-houses, Offices, or other Conveniencies, shall be built, with respect to the Satisfaction and Recompence made to him or them by the said former Act, nor to defeat, lefTcn, or prejudice the Right, Title, and Interest, of the said William Constable, his Heirs or Assigns, as Lord or Lords of the Manor of Kilnfca, in the said County, or as Lord or Lords of the Seigniory of Hob dernfs; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Saving the

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein con—

Right* of the tained shall exte nd, or be construed to extend, to prejudice, lessen, or defeat, any of the Powers, Pri-Gorporation. vilcges, Immunities, or Jurisdictions or belonging to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud.

Limitation of

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Act on or Suit shall be Aftien*. commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this Act, that then, and in every such Case, the Action or Suit shall be brought within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and shall be laid in the County of York, and not elsewhere \ and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit so to be brought shall and may plead the General Issue, General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff Treble Cost*. or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants shall and may have in any Cases by Law. publick Act. X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed* and taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such in all Courts, and by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for the further Augmentation of the Salaries of the Justices of, and the

.< Great Sessions for the Counties in,

WHEREAS it is highly reasonable and expedient that a further Augmentation should be W made to the Salaries of the Justices of Chester, and of the Great Sessions for the Counties ia Wales: And whereas the several Stamp-duties, granted by divers Acts of Parliament made in the Thirty-Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Second duties rra ted c an(] Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and appropriated for the Payment of the augmented

ildl&^ Geo Salaries of the respective Judges therein mentioned, have for the last four Years, produced annually

5 4 a considerable Surplus; and the same is, by the said several Acts, reserved for the Disposition of Parliament be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice from April 2, and Conient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem-1772, t:> be ap- bled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of April, One thousand pUcd a afuther seven hundred and seventy-two, there shall be issued, paid, and applied, in every Year and out of ofan> lhe Surpluses which shall arise upon the several Stamp-duties granted by the Acts aforesaid* Justices3; after the Payment already charged thereupon, shall, from Time to Time, have been Satisfied, the viz. 300’!. per Sums of Money following to the several Justices herein after mentioned, as an Addition to, and in Ann. *0 the further Augmentation of, their respective Salaries; that is to say. The annual Sum of Three hundred

Chief Justice of Pounds, to the Chief Justice of Chejhr for the Time being; the annual Sum of Two hundred

pc^Ann* trTrhc Pounds, to the Second Justice of Chester for the Time being; and to each of the Justices for the Tirne Second^uftite; being of the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales: Which said several and respective Sums of and to every Juf- Money shall be, and are hereby charged upon the Surpluses of the several Stamp-duties aforesaid, and tice of the Great shall be p id thereout, in every Year, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as the Salaries ScfTionscfvVaUsj t|ie faij J Lift ices now are or have been used to be paid.

o be paid is

lfTh-Sm ’uflVt Provided al ways, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Surplusses of

prove^infuffiacat Duties shall prove inefficient, in any Year, to make good and answer the Sums herein be-

in any Year, a fore appointed to be paid and applied yearly, in further Augmentation of the Salaries of the said

rateable Abate- Justices j then, and in every such Year, a rateable Abatement or Deduction, in Proportion to such

men: to be nude. Deficiency, shall be made out of the Several aunuai Sums hereby directed and appointed to be paid for

that

[Preamble.]

Surp 11* arising from Stamp-

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. €.31, 32, 33. 453

that Year to such Justices respectively; and if any Surplus shall remain, in any Year, of the Produce of the said Duties, after Payment of the Monies hereby charged thereon, the same shall be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, in the same Manner as it was directed to be reserved before the making of this Act,

Cap. xxxr.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or miilaiJ, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped, and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted Co make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty's Colonies in America for a limited Time.

WHEREAS the allowing the free Importation of Rice from any of His Majesty's Colonies in preamble*

America into Great Britain for a limited Time, may be of great Advantage; may it there- fore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into Great Britain, Rkemtybeim from any of His Majesty's Colonies in America, at any Time or Times before the First Day of May, ported Duryfree, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, any Rice without the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom- «y T,n* before duty, or Imposition whatsoever, any Thing in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the Contrary ay *’ thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and upon all Rice which shall be Subsidy of 6d. imported into this Kingdom Duty-free by this Act, and which shall be again exported thereout, per Pound on all there shall be paid and answered to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, a Subsidy of Poundage of Rice imported. Sixpence in the Pound, according to the Value or Rate upon Rice imported, in the Book of Rates, to^c!*,£h ac" referred to by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King Charles the Second; which said Subsidy of Six- vliuc^hcreo^ pence in the round, upon such Rice so exported, shall be raised, levied, collected, and recovered, by to be levied as’ such Ways and Means, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Subsidy the Subsidy of or Poundage, for any Goods or Merchandise exported from Great Britain, may be raised, levied, col- ^undageon ledted, or recovered, by any Act of Parliament now in Force, as fully and eft'edtually to alls Intents ot"r Goodi* and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures relating thereto,

were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties granted by this Act Duti« hereby

upon Rice exported, shall (the necessary Charges of Management excepted) be paid into the Receipt to be of His Majesty's Exchequer, and be there reserved for the Disposition of Parliament. R^jptof X*.

chequer.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, and Indian Corn, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, Rye, and Rye Meal, from any Part of Europe, or from any of His Majesty's Colonies in America, and also the Importation of In- than Corn, from any of His Majesty's Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time,

free of Duty, may be advantageous to His Majesty's Subjects *, may it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aftcn.bled, and by the Authority of the same That it shall and m^y be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to import into Great Britain, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, at any Time or Tinus before the First Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, and Rye Meal, from any Part of Europe, or from any of His Majesty's Colonies in America \ and also any Indian Corn, from any of His Majesty's Colonies in America, into Great Britain, without the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom-duty, or Imposition whatsoever; and may also be carried Coastwise, under such Regulations as Wheat and Wheat Flour, Rye, and Rye Meal, of the Growth of this Kingdom, are now allowed to be carried Coastwise, at all Times before the said First Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; any Thing in any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Flour, Rve, and Rye Me.il, may be imprrtrd, without Payment of Duty, at any Time before Dec. 1, 1771, from any Part of Europe or A* xncrica.

454 C. 34, 35. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Due Entry to be

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a due Entry shall be made at the Cuf- made, in such Manner and Form as were used or practised before the making of this Act, of all Wheat, jomhouse Wheat Flour, Rye, and Rye Meal, and Indian Corn, which shall be imported or brought into this Por8t?nto°whkb Kingdom, by virtue of this Act, before the said First Day of December, One thousand seven hundred <be fame Hull be and seventy-two, at the Custom-house belonging to the Port into which the same shall be imported or ijnpoited, on brought in; or otherwise, in Default of making such Entry, such Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, and Rye P-ityofbcin, Meal, and Indian Corn, shall be liable and subject to such and the same Duties as were payable upon the'ufu^Dut^ Importation thereof before the making of this Act, any Thing herein contained to the Contrary formerly ^akd. notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Workhouse in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City of Westminster3 in the County of Middlesex.

*mnible.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-Jtd 10 Geo. III. 4 W jesty, the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, are appointed Trustees for building a Work- house within the said Parift, and for executing the several other Purposes of the said Act: And where-*4 ns the said Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but are unable to complete the several Works aforesaid, by reason of a Clause therein, by which they are restrained from borrowing more thart the Sum of Six thousand Pounds for the Purposes of the said Act: In order therefore to The CUufe In enable the said Trustees to carry the said Act into Execution, May it please Your Majesty that it may the former Act be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-^rhieh reftrama sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the borrowing the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the Clause in the Trakdn 6°°01, recite<l act as restrains the said Trustees from borrowing more than the Sum of Six thousand Pounds * for the several Purposes of the said Act, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void,

rncetando^

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may faTth^ meet together in the Vestry-room belonging to the said Parift o f Saint Martin in the Fields, or in some Sum of Monty other convenient Place within the said Parift, upon Monday next after the passing of this Act, and shall shall be raised and may then, or at any other Meeting or Meetings to be held by them from Time to Time, by virtue former Act, and this Act, ascertain, order, and direct, what further Sum or Sums of Money *tin» rajfccl within the Limits of the said Parift for finishing, furnishing, and completing the said

Workhouse, and other Buildings directed to be built and completed by virtue of the said Act, and for defraying the several Expences attending the carrying into Execution the several Purposes of the said former Act and of this Act; which said Sum and Sums of Money so authorised to be raised, from Time to Time, as aforesaid, shall and may be raised by the same Methods, and by such Ways and Means, as ftFe prescribed in and by the said recited Act for raising Money for the several Purposes thereof.

ExpeflCAAf

III. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act of hJw ^bc de- Parliament shall be defrayed out of any Money already raised, or which shall hereafter be raised by vir-frgyed. tue of the said former Act, and this Act.

*«blkkAct

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whonifo-ever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for enabling Their Majesties to enfranchise of Lands holden of the Manor of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and for enabling His Majesty to shut up a Lane leading from Richmond Green to the River Thames, and to fell and exchange certain Lands within the Manors of Richmond and Wimbleton.

WHEREAS His Majesty, being seised in Right of His Crown of the Manor of Sheene, otherwise West Sheene, otherwise in the County of Surrey, did, by Letters Patent under

the Great Seal, bearing Date the Fourth Day of October% in the Tenth Year of His Reign, grant the ‘ said Manor to His Royal Consort Queen Charlotte, during the Term of Her natural Life, at the ancient reserved yearly Rent of Twenty Pounds: And whereas it may be convenient to Their Majesties to enfranchise the of Estates, holden of the said Manor, but such Enfranchisement cannot be made without the Aid of Parliament: And whereas His Majesty, in Right of His Crown, or some A Person or Persons in Trust for His Majesty, is or are seised of a Farm confiding of a Messuage, Out- buildings, and Thirty-eight Acres of Land, or thereabouts, situate within the Manor of Wimbleton^ in the said County of Surrey; and it would be convenient to His Majesty to have a Power of felling or exchanging the said Farm, and also divers Estates belonging to His Majesty in the said Manor of f Sheene^ aotherwise West Sheene, otherwise Richmond, for other Estates more conveniently situatebe it

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

c. 35- 455

Their Majestie* may, at any Time during their Lives, enfranchise of Messuages, c* halden of the Manor of Rich* mood-

Inftnimenti of Enfranchise-menu, by virtue* hereof, to be, ac One of the General Courts Baron holden at Richmond, duly entered on the Court Roilsj, otherwise void.

therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for Their Majesties, and the Survivor of them, at any Time or Times, during their Lives, and Life of the Survivor of them, by any Writing or Writings to be by Their Ma jesties, or the Survivor of them, subscribed, in the Presence of Two or more Witnesses, to enfrarcchife all or any of Messuages, Landr-, Tenements, or Hereditaments, holden of the said Manor of Sheene, otherwise West Sheene, otherwise Richmond, and to acquit and discharge the same Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, and the respective Tenants thereof, of and from all of or customary Tenure, Rents, and Services whatsoever; and such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall, from the respective Times of such Enfranchisement, be, and be deemed Freehold Estates, holden of the same Manor, any Statute or Law to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Instrument of Enfranchisement made by virtue of this Act, shall, at One of the Two general Courts Baron which shall be holden for the aforesaid Manor of Sheene, otherwise West Sheene, otherwise Richmond, next after the Date of such Enfranchisement, be duly presented and entered on the Court Rolls or Books of the said Manor: And also within the Space of Six Months after the Day of the Date of such Enfranchisement be inrolled before the King's Auditor of the County of Surrey for the Time being, or his Deputy, and not beine so presented, entered, and inrolled, within the respective Times aforesaid, shall be void, and of no Eftest.

and, within Six Months after Date enrolled before the Ring's Auditor of Surrey; or Hull be

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, at His Majesty,d*.

any Time or Times during His Life, to make Sale of all or any of the Freehold or of Messuages, rin* L»fcr

Lands, and Hereditaments, of which His Majesty, or any Person or Persons in Trull for His Majesty, a*

are or is now seised within the aforesaid Manors of Wimbleton and Sheene, otherwise WestSheene, otherwise within the Ma-Richmond, or either of them, for such Price or Prices as can be obtained for the said Freehold or of nor of Rkh-Estates, or to exchange the same, or any Part thereof, for the Fee-ftmple and Inheritance of any other mood, in which Freehold or of Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, as to His Majesty shall, from Tinie to Time* or

seem most convenient; any Statute or Law to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding* ?art therwff

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority afore laid, That all Sums of Money Sums arising which shall be raised by any Sale or Sales of His Majesty's aforesaid Estates within the said Manors of from x^c $a’e of Wimbleton and Sheene, otherwise West Sheene, otherwise Richmond, or of any Part thereof, shall be paid said Estates, to br to the Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer for the Time being, and shall, with all convenient Speed; pa«d to the

be laid out and applied by Order of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in the Purchase of the Fee-

Ample and Inheritance of such Freehold and of Lands or Tenements, as to His Majesty, His lhfE*chc^ucr#

Heirs or Successors, shall seem convenient, to be conveyed and allured to the Use of, or In Trust for.

His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

V. And whereas there is at present a Lane or Foot-path leading from the Green in Richmond to the Aftefrthfpa*jn* Side of the River Thames, which Lane divides certain Grounds within the said Manor belonging to £*in * Their Majesties, which Lane might be (hut up without any Inconvenience to the Inhabitants RichmondCrteu. within the said Manor, there being another Lane leading from the same Green to the River Side to the Thame*.

called Palace Lane: And whereas it would be a great Improvements the said Grounds if the first- to bclhut u?.

mentioned Lane or Foot-path was (hut up: And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty hath been graciously pleased to signify His Royal Intention of causing Palace Lane to be amended and kept in good Repair for the future, and also to cause to be raised, made, and to be kept in good Re*

pair, a Foot-path and Towing-path from the End of the said Lane, along the Side of the said River, to Two Ferries belonging to His Majesty, One called Railhead Ferry, and the other Isleworth Church Ferry^ which will be advantageous to Persons having Occasion to pass from the said Green to the said berries be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, at His and Their Costs and Charges, to cause the Lane or Foot-path from the House now in the Occupation of Lewis Shepheard Wine-merchant, near Richmond Green aforesaid, to the Side of the River Thames, to be (hut up and discontinued; and it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, at any Time after the passing of this Act, to make Use of the said Lane or Foot-path, or any Part thereof, on Foot, or otherwise, from the said House in the Occupation of the said Lewis Shepheard to the Side of the River Thames; any Right, Claim, Usage or Custom, to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided, That the King's most Excellent Majesty do and shall, at His own proper Costs and Palace Linc

Charges, cause the said Lane called Palace Lane, from Richmond Green aforesaid, to the Side of

River Thames, to be well and fuflkicntly amended and made commodious; and also do and shall cause HisowaChv*«s

a convenient Foot-path and To wing-path to be raised and made from the End of the said Palace Lane, fee.

next the River Thames, along the SiJc of the said River, to the said Ferri s called Railfsead Ferry and

Ijhworth Church Ferry; and that His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or any Person or Persons

claiming by, from or under, or hi Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors* who shall, for the

Time being respectively, hold, occupy, possess, or enjoy Richmond Lodge, Park, and Gardens, do

and shall keep the said Police Lane from Richmond Green to the Side of the River Thames, and also the

Foot- path and Towing-path along the Side of the said River, from the End of the said Palace Lane to

the said Ferries, in such good and sufficient Repair a* that the tunc shall be convenient at all Times

456 C. 36. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

hereafter for Passengers on Foot, and that the said Foot-way along the Suk of the said River shall and may be used as a Towing-path by Persons on Foot, Towing and Haling Bargee, Boats, and other Vessels along the said River.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for completing a Building intended for a new Church or Chapel at Richmond, near Everton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster\ and for other Purposes.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of the Vill of Everton near Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Diocese of Chester, are now become very numerous, and continue to increase:

And whereas the said Inhabitants, and many others in the Neighbourhood, are situated at the Distance of a Mile and an Half from any Church or Chapel, and the Parish Church of lValtony in the same County of Lancaster, in which Parish the said Vill of Everton lies, by reason of the Increase of Peo- pie, is become insufficient to accommodate with Scats the Inhabitants of the Parish and Neighbour- hood, who are inclined to attend Divine Service there: And whereas it would be of great Benefit and Utility to the Inhabitants of Everton aforesaid, and others that dwell in the Neighbourhood thereof, if another Church or Chapel was built in some convenient Part near to Everton aforesaid, for the cele- brating of Divine Service according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England: And whereas Thomas Dobby Richard Dobby and Henry Northy of Liverpool aforesaid, Gentlemen, being sensible of the Evils and Inconveniencies attending, and which may arise to the said Inhabitants from the Want of such additional Place of Worship, and being desirous to remedy the same, and to pro- mote, as far as in them lie, the Service of Almighty God, have allotted and set out a Part of a certain Field or Piece of Ground at Richmond, near Everton aforesaid, but within the Liberties of the Town and Parish of Liverpool aforesaid, of which Ground they are seised^ to them and their Heirs in Fee- simple, containing in Length Forty-two Yards, and in Breadth Thirty-eight Yards, as and for the Scite of a new Church or Chapel, together with a Yard for a Burial place or Cemetery thereto; and have already begun to erect, and are now, at their own Expence, carrying on a Building, which if in the Form of, and intended for, a new Church or Chapel on the said Ground, and propose to erect and make Pews or Seatfc within the said intended Church or Chapel, and Vaults under the Floor thereof, and in all Things to finish and complete the said Church or Chapel, in a proper, decent, and commodious Manner, fit for the performing of Divine Service therein: But although such the Inten- tions of the said Thomas Dobb, Richard Dobb% and Henry North, tend to promote the Worship of Air mighty God, and the Good of the Inhabitants of Everton aforesaid, and its Neighbourhood, yet as the same cannot be effectually carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Thomas Dobby Richard Dobb, and Henry Korthy do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted :* and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com* Power to allot mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be Ground for the lawful to and for the said Thomas Dclb, Richard Dobby and Henry North, and their Heirs, to allot and r'chapel, and *ncl°fe with a Wall the said Piece of Ground, Parcel of the aforesaid Field, containing Forty-two Yards Tjhuvch or Cha- in Length, and Thirty-eight Yards in Breadth, as and for the Scite of a Church or Chapel and Church pel Yard, or Chapel Yard, and to hnish and complete the Building now carrying on and intended for a new Church or Chapel, on Part of the said Piece of Ground, and therein to make, ere£l, and set up, or cause to be made, erected, or set up, Pews and Seats, a Clock, Bell or Bells, and other Requisites, Conveniencies and finiftithe and Ornaments, and also to complete and linish the several Vaults now making and carrying on under Buddings intend-the Floor of the said inte nded Church, and which said Church or Chapel, when built and completed, td for a church. may bc fct apart, consecrartd, and dedicated, to and for the Service of Almighty God, as a Place of Divine Worship, according to the Usage of the Church of England, for ever; and shall, w hen and so loon as the same shall be so consecrated and dedicated as aforesaid, be, and it is hereby declared to be from thenceforth a local and perpetual Cure and Benefice, and shall be called by the Name of Sa'nit Anne j, Richmond, Church or Chapel.

Pew» and Vaults

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Pews and Seats to be ere£led and set up in the said Church or to be numbered, Chapel, and also all the Vaults to be made under the Floor thereof, shall be marked with and distinguished by different Numbers and Figures, to be carved or painted on the Door of each Pew or Vault respectively; and all the said Pews and Scats shall be, and the same are hereby vefieJ in the said Thomas Dobu, Richard Doth, and Henry North, and their Heirs and Aillgns, and the Churchwardens for the Time being, of the said new-intended Church or Chapel, and their Successors; and it shall and may be lawcul to and for the said 7bunas Ddb, Richard Dobb, and Henry North, and their Heirs and Assigns, and to and for such Churchwardens, and their Successors, and they are hereby authorised and impow-cred, after the Consecration of the said new Church, to fell, dispose of, and convey aii or any of the said Pews and Seats, together with the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the same respectively, to any Person or Persons willing to become Purchasers thereof; in Trull nevertheless, that such Churchwardens for the Time being, and their Successors, shall apply and pay the Purchase-monies arising, and which they or either of them shall receive, from Time to Time, from the Sale of any of the said Pews and Seats, to and for the Lie of the ...id Thomas Dobb, Richard Dobb, and Henry North) and their Heirs, and to and for no other Use or Pui pole whatsoever.

A.D. 177a.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 36. '457

III. Provided always, That on every such Sale of the said Pews and Seats to be made as aforesaid, JUatitf Pewit*

there be on each Pew reserved and made payable to such Churchwardens, and their Successors, a certain yearly Rent or Sum not exceeding the Rate of One Shilling and Four-pence for every Twenty ShiU lings, which shall he paid by such Purchaser or Purchasers as aforesaid, as and for the respective Purchase money of such Pews and Seats, so as the Rents of all the said Pews and Seats, so to be settled and ascertained as aforesaid, do not amount in the Whole to less than the yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds, and so as the several Rents so to be fixed and ascertained for and upon every such Pew be entered in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, and subscribed by the said Churchwardens for the Time being: Provided, moreover, that every such Purchaser or other Person or Persons being seised of a Pew or Seat in the said. new Church, shall pay the Rent thereof, ascertained as aforesaid, at Two equal Half-yearly Payments, to t«//V, at Christmas and Midsummer, the First Payment thereof to begin and be made at and upon the Christmas Day which shall next happen after the Consecration of the said new Church or Chapel: And in case the Rent of any such rew or Seat shall happen to be behind or unpaid by the Space of Thirty Days next after the same shall become due, then the Churchwardens for the Time being, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, and their Successors, shall and may either enter upon such Pew or Seat, or Pews or Seats, and let and dispose of the same to any other Person or Persons on the Terms and in the Manner above directed, until the Rent in Arrear shall be duly paid and satisfied, or else may shew for and recover the same Rent so in Arrear by Action of Debt, or by Action upon the Case, for the Use and Occupation of such Pew or Seat, in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster% in the Court of Common Pleas held for the said County Palatine of Lancaster% or in the Borough Court of Liverpool aforesaid, with full Costs of Suit.

IV. And be it further -enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Thomas Dolby Appointment Richard Dobb and Henry Worthy and their Heirs, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, upon £burdiwatde®»« or immediately after the Consecration of the said intended Church or Chapel, to nominate and appoint

Two such Persons as they in their Discretion shall think fit, being Proprietors of One or more Scat or Seats in the said intended Church or (Chapel, to be and Ad as, and in the Nature of Churchwardens of the said intended Church or Chapel, until Thursday in Easter Week next after such Appointment, and from thenceforth upon Thursday in Easter Week yearly, during the Second and Third Years next ensuing the Expiration of such First Appointment, and in like Manner to nominate and appoint Two such other Persons as they in their Discretion shall think fit, to be and ail as or in the Nature of Churchwardens of the said intended Church or Chapel for the Time being 5 and that from and after the Expiration of the said Three Years, Two fit Persons shall, upon Thursday in Easter Week yearly for ever, be.nominated and appointed out of the Owners and Proprietors of the Pews or Seats in the said intended Church or Chapel, to be and ail as or in the Nature of Churchwardens of the same for the Time being, the One of such Churchwardens to be nominated by the said Thomas Dolby Richard Dobby and Henry Worthy and their Heirs, and the other by the Owners and Proprietors of the Seats and Pews in the said intended Church or Chapel, or the major Part of them, to be therein assembled for that Purpose; and as well the Persons to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid by the said Thomas Dobby Richard Dolby and Henry Norths and their Heirs, during the Time above specified, as also the Persons to be afterwards nominated and appointed in Manner and by the Persons above mentioned, shall respectively be, and shall act as or in the Nature of Churchwardens for the Time being of the said intended Church or Chapel, and shall continue in the said Office, till Thursday in Easter Week, in the next ensuing Year after such respective Appointments: And they and their Successors, and the Survivor of them, are hereby authorised and required to collect and receive the Renrs of the said Pews or Seats, and in case of Nonpayment to enter upon the same, or else to sue and bring Actions for the Recovery of such Rents in Manner aforesaid, by the Name of the Churchwardens of the Church or Chapel of Saint Anne'sy Richmond; and also to pay the Minister, Clerk, Sexton, and Verger, and other necessary Officers and Attendants of the said intended Church or Chapel for the Time being, their respective Salaries, Stipends, and Wages 5 ls likewise to furnjfti Books and Surplices, to provide Bread and Wine for the Holy Eucharist, with other necessary Things; and farther, to support and keep in Repair the said intended Church or Chapel, and Church-yard or Cemetery, with the Walls,

Gates, and other Appurtenances thereto, as also the Organ, Clock, Bells, and other Things to the said intended Church or Chapel appertaining, or to appertain, and to do and perform all other Matters whatsoever, which may be necessary or expedient for or concerning the Management, Support,

Ornament, and good Order of the said intended Church or Chapel: And such Person and Persons so to be nominated and appointed to act as Churchwardens as aforesaid for the Time being, and their Successors, shall, and they are hereby respectively required and enjoined to keep true and perfect Entries, in a proper Book or Books to be }A*ovided for that Purpose of all and every Sum and Sums of Money by him or them received, on account of the Rents of the said Pews or Scats as aforesaid, and otherwise, and of all and every Sum and Sums of Money by them issued and paid, and of all Debts and Credits <Juc or owing, and of all Contracts made in pursuance of this Act; and all such Books and Accounts shall and may be inspected at all convenient Times, by all Owners and Proprietors of Seats, and by the Minister of the said intended Church or Chapel, and the said Thomas Dolby Richard Dolby and Henry Norths and their Heirs, and all other Persons interested therein.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Vaults under the Floor of the said intended Church

or Chapel shall he, and the same are hereby vested in the said Thomas and Richard Dobb, and Henry North ttvcir Heirs and Assigns, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to sell, dispose of, and convey, trjth,

45s c. 3&

Anno duodecimo: Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

the Corporation of Lirerpoole.

infumhtut ab-

all or any of the said Vaults as and for Places of Burial, together with the Inheritance of the same, to

any Person or Persons willing to become Purchasers thereof.

Nomination of

VI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said intended Church or Chapel shall the First, Second, completed and consecrated, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Thomas Dobb, Richard Dobb,

nmen^Meli* ai^ Henry North* and their Heirs, and they are hereby authorised ai>d impowered to nominate the First, £>obb*'&c. and, in case of Death, Resignation, or Avoidance of the Minister, to nominate the Second and Third

and of all future Ministers or Chaplains successively to the said Church or Chapel; and from and after the Death, Re-

Incumbent* by signation, or Avoidance of such Third Minister or Chaplain, then the Patronage, Advowson, free Dif-position, Nomination, and Donation of and to the said intended Church or Chapel, shall forever appertain to, and the same are hereby vested in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Liverpool aforesaid, and their Successors; and that the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the same Town, and their Successors for the Time being, or the major Part of them, in Common Council assembled, shall and may, upon every Vacancy or Avoidance after the Third of the said new Church or Chapel as aforesaid, present a Minister or Chaplain to officiate in the same, under the Common Seal of the said Corporation; and every Minister or Chaplain of the said Church or Chapel shall be thereto admitted and licensed by the Bishop of the said Diocese for the Time being; and the said intended Church or Chapel, and the Minister or Chaplain thereof for the Time being, as also the Persons who shall act as or in the Nature of Churchwardens thereof for the Time being, to be respectively appointed as above directed, shall be under and subject to the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Bishop of Chester, and his Successors, and shall be visited in such Manner as other Churches in the Diocese of Chester are visited.

femia for ?o

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Minister or Chaplain of the said intended Church DaylTmatei the or Chapel, to be nominated in Manner above mentioned and declared, shall not continue resident in the Church (Sick- Town or Parish of Liverpoole aforesaid, or within Two Miles from the said intended Church or Chapel, oefs exempted) but shall be absent therefrom for the Space of Eighty Days, unless prevented by Sickness, or other unavoidable Accident, in any One Year, to be judged of and determined by the Ordinary for the Time beinjg, then, from and immediately after such Non-residence as aforesaid, the Office or Place of Minister or Chaplain of the said intended Church or Chapel shall be adjudged to be void to all Intents and Purposes; and the Persons or Body Corporate aforesaid, to whom the then next Nomination shall appertain by the Authority of this Act, shall, according to their respective Rights, nominate and appoint some other fit Person to be Minister or Chaplain of and to the said intended Church or Chapel, in the same Manner as if the Minister or Chaplain, so absenting himself as aforesaid, was then dead; any Licence or Dispensation to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Vacancies not

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Office or Place of Minister or Chaplain of the said flltd up in usual intended Church or Chapel shall be suffered to remain void for the Space of Six Calendar Months, with-Nom^nation\o out an^ Nomination or Presentation thereunto, by virtue of this Act; then, and in such Case, the No-lapfcTn usual mination or Presentation to the said Church or Chapel shall lapse to the Ordinary, and from him to the ^rder. Metropolitan, and from him to the Crown, according to the Course of Law in presentative Livings or

Benefices, and the Right of Nomination and Presentation to the said intended Church or Chapel shall and may be recovered, and the Office and Place of Minister or Chaplain thereof may and shall cease, and be determined*in like Manner as the Presentation, toior Incumbency in any presentative Benefice may now be recovered or determined, .

Uinifter’* Duty.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Minister or Chaplain of the said intended Church or Chapel for the Time being, shall himself every Sunday Morning, with an audible Voice, read in the said Church or Chapel the Morning Prayers prescribed in the Book of Common Prayer, or publick Liturgy of the Church of England; and in the Afternoon of every Sunday, in like Manner read therein the Evening Prayers prescribed in the said Book of Common Prayer; and shall on every Tuesday and Thursday, weekly, during the whole Year and on every other Day which is set apart for that Purpose by the Church of England, in like Manner read in the said Church or Chapel the Morning Prayer prescribed in the said Book of Common Prayer for such Days respectively; and shall on every Sunday throughout the Year, as well in the Morning as in the Evening, and on every Christmas Day, Good Friday, and Ascension Day, in the Morning after Divine Service performed, preach a Sermon in the said Church or Chapel; and shall also on every Easter Sunday, Whitsunday, and Christmas Day, and also upon the last Sunday in every Months (except in the Month of December, and the Months in which Easter Day and Whitsunday shall happen; administer the Holy Sacrament in the said Church or Chapel: And if the said Minister or Chaplain shall be prevented or hindered by Sickness, or any other reasonable Cause, from performing the Duties above respectively required and enjoined, or any of them; then, and in every such Case, he shall find and procure some other duly qualified Minister or Curate to do and perform the same respectively.

Churchwardens X. And be it further enacted, That for the Maintainance of the Minister or Chaplain for the Time to pay Minister’* being of the said intended Church or Chapel, the Persons who shall be appointed to act as Churchwar-vaiar7* dens thereof for the Time being, in pursuance of this Act, and their Successors, shall, by and out of the

Rents of the Pews or Seats which shall be erected therein, and the Monies to arise from the Burying Ground in the said Church-yard only, as hereafter mentioned, yearly and every Year, well and truly pay, or cause to be paid to such Minister or Chaplain, for the Time being, the Sum of Seventy Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, without any Deduction or Abatement for Taxes, or otherwise howsoever, at the Feasts of the Nativity of our Saviour Chi ft and of Saint John the Baptist, by even and ’ equal Portions, the first Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Feasts as shall happen next after z the

.1».»-

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 36. 45

the Consecration of the said Church orha; and the Money so to be paid shall be allowed to such Churchwardens in their Accounts.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if Default shall be made in Payment of the said yearly Sum of Minister’iRe-Seventy Pounds, or any Part thereof, to the said Minister or Chaplain for the Time oeing, by the me^Tor^ccovc,f Space of Thirty Days next after any of the Days of Payment whereon the same ought to be paid, rhen#t tuiSlhr3r' it shall and may be lawful so and for such Minister or Chaplain, and their respective Executors and Administrators, to sue for and recover the same, with full Costs of Suit, against such Churchwardens for the Time being, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, for so much Money had and received to their Use, or for Work and Labour, in the Court of Common Pleas to be held for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, or in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the said Borough Court of Liverpoole, wherein respectively* no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Arrears of the said yearly Sum of Seventy Not Pounds to be had and recovered against any succeeding Churchwardens, which shall have accrued in '*

the Time of any of their Predecessors, shall exceed in the whole One Half-yearly Payment of the said from folding

?early Sum; and that every Action for the Recovery thereof be made and commenced against such Churchwirdeni. ucceeding Churchwardens, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after their first entering upon and being sworn into the Office of Churchwarden.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Minister or Chap- M!n' lain for the Time being of the said intended Church or Chapel, to nominate and appoint such Per-SelSon anA fons as he shall think fit, to officiate as Clerk, Sexton, and Verger, in the said Church or Chapel,‘VciKr! and also, from Time to Time, to displace and remove such Clerk, Sexton^ and Verger respectively, upon just and reasonable Cause; the Wages or Stipends of such Clerk, Sexton, and Verger to be fixed and ascertained according to the Direction of the said Thomas Dobb, Richard Dobb, and Henry Norths and their Heirs and Assigns, who shall and may, from Time to Time, use the like Methods for the Recovery of their -respective Wages as are herein before given to the Minister or Chaplain of the said intended Church, for the Recovery of his Maintenance or Salary.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Surplusage Money, arising by and from the Rents AppUcatidii of the said Pews or Seats, shall remain after payment and Distmrfement of the several Salaries or Surpjni of Sums henein-before directed to be issued and paid thereout unto or for the Minister, Clerk, Sexton. Reau* and Verger, and other Officers and Assistants as aforesaid, and for the Repairs of the said intended Church or Chape), and Church-yard, with the Waifs, Gates, Organ, Clock, Bells, and other Things to the same respectively appertaining or to appertain, and for other the Purposes herein above mentioned, the same shall be laid out and applied by the Churchwardens for the Time being of the said intended Church or Chapel, and their Suceuors, in augmenting the Salary of the Minister, Clerk, or - '

Sexton, or in the ornamenting or otherwise improving the said Church or Chapel. c f.

XV. Provided always, That the Salary of the Minister or Chaplain for the Time being of the said j^eferk, Sec] intended Church or Chapel, shall not at any Time be less than Seventy Pounds 5 nor the Salary of the not\o be left Clerk be less than Four Pounds; nor the Salary of the Sexton be less than Two Pounds; nor the Sa- thin ccruia Btry of the Verger be left than Two Pounds per Annum respectively.

AVI. And it 19 hereby also enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, impeach, Saviag Ri^tnf defeat, lessen, or abridge, or be construed to prejudice, defeat, lessen, or abridge, the Right* Title, Liferp^okfc, Interest, Claim, or Demand, of the Redors of the said Parish of Liverpoole, of, in, or to, any Duet,

Duties, Offerings, Oblations, Obventiona, or any other Ecclesiastical Rights, Benefices, Perquisites, or Advantages, or any other Right, Title, or Interest, within the Parish of Liverpoole aforesaid, which were or are vested in them, or which they can or may respectively claim, demand, or be intitled to, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for making and eroding the Town of Liverpoole into a Parish, separate and distinct from that of Walton, whereof it was then rart, and wherein it was formerly comprised; and that nothing in this present Act contained shall charge, or be construed to charge, any of the Burgesses or Inhabitants within the said Town and Parish of Liverpoole, or the Liberties thereof, in any other Manner than as in and by the said former A6\, and this present Act, they are already cjjarged or chargeable to the Parish Church of Saint Peter, and the Parochial Chapel of our Lady and Saint Nicholas, within the said Town.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to and into the Hands of the Minister of Double Feeit# the said new-intended Church or Chapel for the Time being, for the Performance of the several and ^P*dfor respective Offices of Minister, Clerk, and Sexton there. Double the Fees, Dues, and Perquisites, rw*es'*c# which are usually and of Right ought to be paid for every Marriage, Churching, Burial, and opening the Ground for Graves, in the Chapel-yard or Cemetery at the said Parish Church and Parochial Chapel of our Lady and Saint Nicholas; and that the Minister of the said intended Church or Chapel shall, from Time to Time, collect and receive such Double Fees, Duties, and Perquisites, and account for and pay, by equal Half-yearly Payments in every Year, on every Twenty-fourth Day of June and Twenty-hfth Day of December, One Moiety or Half-part thereof to and into the Hanas of the Redors of the said Parish Church and Parochial Chapel of our Lady and Saint Nicholas for the Time being, to be divided among them and the Clerks and Sextons of the same Parish Church and Parochial Chapel within Ttn Days after such Redors shall have received the same, in such Shares and Proportions as the Fees payable at the same Church and Chapel are divided; and that the remaining Moiety shall, on the said Half-yearly Days, be divided between the Minister, Clerk, and Sexton, of the said new-< 3 N a intended

460 C. 37. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

No Burnli within the Church*

Llmintien mt AAioBi*

Ceaertl Iffbe

ftefcle Cods, Niblick Aftf

intended Church or Chapel, in such Shares and Proportions as Fees of tht like Nature, and for the like Services, are usually, or of Right ought to be divided among the Rectors, Clerks, and Sextons, of the same Parish Church, or the said Parochial Chapel, of our Lady and Saint Nicholas, the First of which Payments to the said Redors, Clerks, and Sextons, of the said Parish Church } and the same Parochial Chapel shall bc^in and be made at and upon such of the said Half-yearly Days as shall first happen afterj the Consecration of the said intended Church or Chapel; and in case of Nonpayment thereof at any Time or Times within the Thirty Days after either of the said Half-yearly Days, One Moiety of such Fees, Dues, and Perquisites, shall and may be sued foriand recovered from the Minister of such intended Church or Chapel for the Time being, from Time to Time, by and in the Names of the Rectors of the Parish of Liverpoole, by Action for Monies had and received for their Use, in any of the said Courts.

XVIII. And to the End that the said new-intended Church or Chapel may be kept clean and decent,’ " be it further enacted, That no Graves or Burying-places shall be made or allowed within the Body of the said new-intended Church or Chapel, but only in the said new-intended Church-yard or Cemetery to be inclosed and consecrated as aforesaid; and that all Christenings and Marriages to be had and solemnized in the said new intended Church or Chapel, and all Burials in the said new Church-yard and Vaults, shall be registered as usual in the Register of the said Parish Church of Saint Peter.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing cone in pursuance of this Act, then, and in every such Case, such Action or Suit shall be brought within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the lame was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to be done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be Nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Demurrer, then, and in any of the said cases, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath on have by Law for Costs in any other Case.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed to be a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for draining and preservina certain Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars in the Parish of Market Weighton, and other adjacent Parishes in the East Riding of the County of York, y and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from Market fVetghtm to the River Humber.

WHEREAS certain Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, within or near the Villages, Town

ships, or Parishes of Market JVeighton, Blacktoft, Everingham, HarfewelL Seaton, Ross, Holme* upon Spalling Mcory Foggatbrope, Gribtbropey Spaldington, Burjea, Hasfooltn, tVbolfcar North Cliffe%

South Cliff*) Hotham, Houghton, Bromjleet, Faxjiecty Shipton, Sanftony and also a certain Common*

called IVailing Ftny in the East Riding of the County of York, containing Twenty thousand Acres of Land, or thereabouts, are subject to be overflowed, or other wise annoyed with Water, and1 by that Means rendered in a considerable Degree unprofitable to the Proprietors thereof: And whereas the draining of the said Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, and the making the Main or Principal Drain* navigable from the River Humber, at or near a Place called FoftUike Clough, situate on the Banks of the-. said River, to or near a Place called Bow Bridge, at or near the Town of Market Weighton aforesaid,

will be of great Utility to the Publick, and tend to the considerable Benefit and Advantage of the Pro— prietors of the said Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars; but the same cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and*

CaamrittoEws Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Jelm Lund of the City of York, Rebut Foster of Button Constable, in the County of York, John Raines of Button Con ft able aforesaid, John Dunnington of Yhorganhy, in the said County of York, and Edward John— Jon of the ! own of Kingston UjO.t Hu//, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be appointed as herein after is e.\p elled, shall be, and they a e he.cby appointed Cornmiflioiiers for draining the said Commons, Low 1 Grounds and Cars, and for making the Main or Principal Drain navigable, and for executing and completing all and Gngular the Works, Matters, and Things which shall be necessary or proper for the carrying those Purposes into full and perfect Execution; and all and Angular the Powers, Authorities, and Traits by this Act given to and reposed in the said Commissioners hereby nominated as aforesaid, and their Suet efiors, to be appointed as herein after is expressed, shall remain and continue in them for all the Purposes hereafter exprdled, until the Drainage and Navigation aforesaid shall be completely made, effected, and perfeded, and the Award herein~alter mentioned shall be signed and fcakd by the said 1 Comm idiom rs.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 37. 4*6*

Commissioners, or their Successors, or the mcjor Part of them respectively, without being subject to any*

Controul from the Trustees herein after constituted and appointed, or any of them, in the Direction and Management of the said Drainage and Navigation, or any of the Works to be by the Order of the said Commissioners made, constructed, or carried on for or towards the effecting those Undertakings and*

Purposes respectively.

II. And for the preserving, supporting, and perpetuating such Drainage and Navigation, when the same shall have been effected and perfected by the said Commissioners or them Successors, and for the executing in the mean Time the several Powers and Trusts herein after mentioned to be granted to and vested in the Persons next herein after named, and their Successors, to be chosen and appointed as herein after mentioned ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right Honourable George Cavendish, commonly called Lord George Cavendish-, the Right Honourable Frederick Cavendish, commonly called Lord Frederick Cavendish, the Right Honourable John Cavendish, commonly called Lord John Cavendish, the Right Honourable Richard Cavendish, comi monly called Lord Richard Cavendish, [the Right Honourable George Cavendish junior; commonly called Lord George Cavendish, the Right Honourable William Lord Viscount Gallway in the Kingdom of Ireland, Sir William Anderson, Sir Griffith Boynton, Sir Charles Hot ham, Sir Digby Legard, Sir James Penny+ mart) Sir Joseph Pennington, Sir William Saint ffhtintin, Sir Savile Slingsby, Sir George Strickland, Baronets $ Sir George Montgomery Metham Knight, the Reverend John Fountayne Doctor in Divinity, William.

Anderson, Almar, Amjly, Francis Be ft, Thomas Bat kcr, Thomas Bowman, Thomas

Constable, William Cayley, John Cayley, Francis Drake, John Dealtry, Thomas Ellisy John Emjfon, Robert Evans, Thomas Eglin, James Fofter, Fordy Richard Geey Henry Goodricky John Fioltnes, Ran-

dle Hancock, Samuel Johnson> Thomas Leaky Robert Midgley, Francis Matson, Thomas Moseley, John PreJlony Ponsonby, John Robinson, Robert Robinson, James Stillingfleet, John Si hip Jon, Isaac

Thompson, Francis Tongy Thomas Wakefield', John Whaley, William Wardy James IVtlloughby, William Wel/ty Sey moury Clerks; Charles Anderson, Robert Appletony Teavil Appletony William Ayre4

Bobert Athorse, George Athorte, Jonathan Acklon, John Arthur, Jvhn Arthur the younger, Thomas Athorpr%

Hugh Bethel, William Bethel, Christopher Bethely Francis Boynton, Francis Bcft, John Bowman, Isaac Broadley\ Thomas Broadlry, Richard Beatniffe% Lenyns Bolder0 Barnard, Henry Barnard, Leuynr Barnard' the younger, Robert Burton, William Brown, John Broadley, Richard Belly Francis Bailby, Thomas Bar--Jiowy Christ other Bayles, Joseph Blyth, John Banks, William Battle, George Brook, John hr own y William Breighton, Richard Battle, Richard Burton, Cornelius Caley, William Constable, William Haggerston Conr Jlable, Marmaduke Constable, Marmaduke William Constable, William Middleton Constable, John Courtneay, James Collins, Nathaniel Cholmley, John Chambers, Robert Clark, William Carr, Stethanus Caister, William Caister, John Croyfer, Michael Clarkson, Henry Brewjler Darley, Richard Darley, William Dixon, William Dennison, John Drink row, Henry Drinkrow, Robert Dtwjberry, John Dunn, Jo Jim a Dunn, William Dickens, John Danser, Roger Manwaring Eller her, William Ellerker, Edward Eller ker, Henry Etherington, Samuel Everingham, John Edwards, Amaziah Empson, Barnard Foot'd, George Flint, John Grimston, Robert Grimston, Chrfhpher Goulton, Roger Gee, Thomas Goulton, James Gr abouth, E lit tier Gar ton, Cary Gill, Cary Gill junior, Marmaduke Guy, George Gibson, Athorpe Garten, Stanhope Harvey, John Hudson,

Randolphus Hewit, John Hewit, Thomas Haffale, John Hodrfon, John Harland, William Flail, William

Hilly Thomas Hilly William Hudson, Burton Hall, Paul Harr if on, Richard Hodgson, Abraham Haighy,

Robert Jefferson, Peter Johnson, Ingram, John Johnson, Henry subb, Simon Jewitt, Thomas

Johnfin, Robert Knowtejly, Thomas Knowlton, Luke Lillingston, Philip Langdale, Charles Langdale,

William Langdale, Ralph Button, James Leighton, John Laming, Charles Ley bourn, William* Ley bourn, Henry .1 Maifler, Jonathan Mtdgley, William Meek, Carlton Monkton, George Montgomery Metham, John Millington, William Mountain, Timothy Mortimer, Thomas Musgrave, Christopher Af g/'ony Richard Mount on, Michael Newton, Marmaduke Nelson, John Nicholl, Edward Nixon, Thomas Nixon, Timothy Newmarsh, Humphry (Jjbaldeston, John Oldfield, William Ombler, Charles Anderson Pelham, William Pre/lon, Charles Pool, William Paul, Shermar Roo [/by, Charles Robinson, John Kickaby, Henry Disney Woolhouse Roebi/cky John Raper, Rudston Caverley Rttd/lon, William Reed, William Richardson, Jams Richardson, Thomas*

Rhodes, John Ramsey, William Sotheron, William Sotheron the younger, Philip Saltmarf\ Arthur Salt-marsh, Philip Saltmarsh the younger, John Shale field., Philip) Shcle field the younger, William Strickland\

Thomas Sutton, Savage, William Stephenson, WiUiitm Scoulcroft, William Son ley, Richard Sterne,

Charles Slingsby, *1 bo mas Turner Slingsby, Robert Stockpile, Robert Spojfovth the younger, Humphry Tr afford, B lby Thomffon, Richard fThomjjon, Lillington Thoa.pjbn, It iliiam Vauf r, Henry Willoughby, Tho+ mas Worsley, Banajlre Walton, IVAiiam WilberJ'orce, William IVilLerforce junior, William Wilberforce the youngest, Samuel Watson, William Wed lei, Charles Witty, Thomns William son, Joseph Williamson, Thomas Waldby Thomas Walker, John Wakefield, Ralph Wife, William Whittaker, jolm Whittaker4 Willi nn Williamson, and William li ’aines, and their Successors, to be appointed as herein after is ex-pfdied, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for the Drainage and Navigation aforesaid, with such Powers and Authorities as aie herein after expreyed for the due and effectual Execution of their said Trust.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person flv.ll act as a Trustee in- the Execution of* this Qjulififvltij Act, unless he shall advance the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or more, towards carrying ch the ^luit<t5, said Navigation, or being a Person to whom such Subscription shall be aiiignal, or unltls he shall be assigned, or unless he shall at the Time of such aUtng be fcised of, or intit 1 cd to, an Lllute of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Poftcdion for ins own Life, or the Life of another Person, of the clear yearly Vralue of Fifty Pounds above Riprizes, or shall be Heir-apparcm to jonx? Fedon having an Ellate in Lands, Tcmmtms, and Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Three hundred.

462 C. 37. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Peniityont&iagdred Pounds. or possessed of a Personal Estate of the Value of Two thousand Pounds: And in case \i not qualified. any Person mall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, who has not subscribed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or been the Assignee of such Subscription, or not having a real or personal Estate, as aforesaid, or not being Heir-apparent to some Person having such Estate as aforesaid, every such Person so acting, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same; to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, in which it shall be sufficient to declare for so much Money due to such Profc-cutor by virtue of this Act; and no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed to the Defendant in any such Action; and the Proof of such Qualification shall lie on the Person so prosecuted, and no other Proof shall be requisite on the Part of the Prosecutor than. that the Defendant in such Action has acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

fakTThefollow- Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commis-

ingOith#0 ° " fioiier or Trustee in the Execution of any of the Powers given by this Act, (unless it be the Powers hereby given of administering Oaths), until he shall have taken an Oath to the Effect following;

ct T A.B. do swear. That I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice, truly and im-<c partially, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform the Powers and Trusts given to and reposed in me, by virtue of an Act for draining and preserving certain Commons. Low Grounds, and Cars, in the Parish of Market Weight on, and other adjacent Parishes in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a navigable Cut or Canal from Maria " JVeighton to the River Humber

So help me G OD"

Notice to to given for elect-

Which Oath One of the said Commissioners, or Trustees respectively, is hereby authorised and ira-powered to administer to any other Commissioner or Trustee, at any Meeting of such Commissioners or Trustees respectively held by virtue of this Adh 1

i V. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Disqualification, or Refusal, or Neglect to ingnew Commif- a<^> after such Notice as herein after mentioned, of any Commissioner hereby nominated, or to be

fionmi, elected and appointed as hereafter mentioned, the Trustees hereby nominated, or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, at any Meeting or Meetings in pursuance of this Act, (Twenty Days Notice at least being given in the

Weekly Newspaper called The York Courant, and in case there shall be no such Paper, then in some other Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of York, of the Time and £lace of such intended Meeting), elect One other Commissioner, not interested in the said Commons, L«w Grounds, or Cars, or any of them, in the Room of every such Commissioner who shall happen to die, or be disqualified, or neglect or refuse to act, or who, after Notice in Writing, signed by th& rest of the then acting Commissioners, or the major Part of them, of his being required to attend at any Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall decline or neglect to attend at such Meeting, without assigning any reasonable Cause for the same, to be approved by the rest of the said Commissioners j and every Person so to be elected, and signifying his Acceptance of such Trull under his Hand, within Ten Days after such Election, shall have the same Powers, and Autho-Commissioner* rities, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been named a Commissioner in this Act: Provided "VV !^at anV Commissioner, hereby nominated as aforesaid, or who may be elected by virtue of this incapTblc#of tft- ^dt as aforesaid, shall at any Time hereafter become in any Manner interested in the said Commons, ing. Low Grounds, and Cars, or any of them, such Commissioner, immediately after he shall so become

interested therein, shall be, from thenceforth, incapable of acting as a Commissioner by virtue of this Act, and another Commissioner, with such full Powers as aforesaid, shall and may be elected in his Room, by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of such Notice as aforesaid, in the same Manner as if such Commissioner so becoming interested was dead; and if any such Commissioner, after he shall become interested in the said Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, as aforesaid, or any of them, shall presume ta*act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, such Commissioner shall forfeit and pay to the then acting Trustees, by virtue of this Act, the Sum of Fifty Pounds j to be recovered in the same Manner, and by the like general Manner of Declaring and Proof, as the Penalty for acting as a Trustee under this Act, not being qualified as this Act directs, is herein-before directed to be recovered.

1. And n fort^er enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Neglect to act, after such, Notice as others to\t1 # herein after mentioned of any Trustee hereby nominated, or to be elected and appointed as hereafter mentioned, the Trustees hereby nominated, or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, at any Meeting or Meetings in pursuance of this Act, (Twenty Days Notice at the least being given in the Weekly Newspaper called The York Cou-rant9 or other N ws-pspers as aforesaid, of the Time and Place of such intended Meeting), elect some other Person, ^qualified as herein before is required) to act as a Trustee under this Act, and such Person so elected shall be from thenceforth a Trustee, by virtue of this Act, for the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby given to, and vested in the Trustees herein-before named, in the Room of every such Trustee who shall happen to die or refute to act, or who, after Notice in Writing, signed by any Two or moic of the then acting Trustees, of his being required to attend at any Meeting of the said T rufices, to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall decline or neglect to attend at such Meeting, without aliening any reasonable Cause for the same, to be approved by the said Truf-

tecs,

the lea

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 37. 463

tees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act; and every Person so to be elected a Trustee, shall have the same Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been named a Trustee in this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, in or by virtue of this Act, ns shall be a Justice or Justices of the Peace, may and is, and are hereby authorised 1 M Ju and impowered to act as a Justice or Justices of the Peace within the Limits of his or their proper Jurisdiction respectively, in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby given to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, notwithstanding his or their being such Trustee or Trusteees; provided such justice or Justices i$ or ar* otherwise qualified, and not interested in the Matter in question, other than as a Trustee or Trustees.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall meet Time aaJ PJi*e within Six Weeks after passing this Act, at the House of William Vaivfer, known by the Sign of The j^rnmUTwattf BUick Swan, in the Town of Market Weighton aforesaid, or at some other House in the said Town, and shall then proceed to the Execution of this Act; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, may, from Time to Time, agree upon, and hold any future Meetings, with or without Adjournment, at such Times, and Place or Places, being within Twelve Miles distant from the said intended Navigation aforesaid, as they, or the major Part of them, shall think most convenient, for putting this Act in Execution.

IX. Provided always, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall, and are hereby Conuninioiiento-required to hold One General Annual Meeting, for the Purposes herein after exptefled, at Market j*a° Mist* U’cighton aforesaid, on the Fifth Day of May in every Year, not being Sunday, and in case the same shall happen to be Sunday, then on the Day next following, until all and every the Powers and Authorities given to the said Commissioners by this Act shall be fully and completely executed and performed.

X. Provided also, That nothing shall be done by the said Commissioners or Trustees, in the Execution of this Act, but at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, or in Consequence of some Order or Orders made at such Meeting or Meetings.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any How Meetings Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, both be-to be W4* fore and after the Excution of the Award by this Act directed to b? made, to hold any Meeting or Meetings, with or without Adjournment, at such Time or Times, Place or Places, being within Twelve

Miles distant from the said Navigation, as they the said Trustees, or any Seven of them, shall think most convenient; and if at any Meeting or Meetings appointed to be held by virtue of this Act there shall not, appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or to adjourn to another Day, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall, from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall so happen, by Notice to be given in The York Courant, or some other Newspaper as aforesaid, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the said Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to be held, within Thirty Days after the Day for which such last Meeting was appointed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, Ypilee of during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act; and that the said Trustees, and every Profit.

of them, at all*and every the Meetings to be held for the Execution of this Act, shall bear and defray Trustee* it Meet-their own Expences; but that all other Charges and Expences they, or any of them, shall or may be tog* to defray put unto, by executing the Powers vested in shem by this Act, shall be repaid or allowed to them, and lheif E*"

they Ihair be indemnified against the same,v by and out of the Monies arising from the Drainage or Navigation respectively by virtue of this Act. piUj ay 0thtt

Charges when executing their Powers, ftc.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, until the said Drainage and Naviga- Commissioners to

tion shall he finally completed, and the said Commissioners shall have made their Award as herein after directed, shall have the Direction and Survey of all the private Works of Drainage within the said of DraAna*e* Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any of0utrinB an* the said Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, or any Part thereof, to which any Leading, Outring, fc^Top^n!,l0 or Division Dike or Dikes, doth or shall belong, hath or have filled up, or shall fill up, or make any

Dam, Heading, or Way over the same* without laying a sufficient otock, Tunnel, or Bridge, in,

uoder, or over it or them, or shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to reed, road, scour, cleanse, open, or repair such Leading, Outring, or Division, Dike or Dikes, after Twenty-one Days Notice given to him, her, or them, for that Purpose, by the respective Surveyor or Surveyors, Collector or Collectors, for the Time being, appointed by virtue of this Act, so that such Outring or Division Dikes may at all Times be made and kept of such Size and Dimensions as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall direct and have a free and open Communication with the main or Mother Drains, to be made in pursuance hereof; then it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors,

Collector or Collectors, to cause such Dike or Dikes to be reeded, roaded, scoured, and cleansed, or enlarged in a sufficient Manner as aforesaid; and where there is not a sufficient Stock, Tunnel, or Bridge, in, under, or over such Dams. Headings, or Ways, to cause such Stock, Tunnel, or Bridge, to be taken up, and made so wide and deep ns the same ought to be; and by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, (which they, or the major Part of them, are hereby impowered to grant), to levy the Charge thereof upon the Goods and

464. C. 37. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Chattels of such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale thereof, (over and above the other Rates and Taxes chargeable, or to be charged upon the same Ground and Premises, by virtue of this Act), rendering the Overplus, (if any), to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, when demanded, after all Charges paid.

<All Lands to be

XV. And be it fu^her enacted, That for the more effectual Execution of this Act, all the Lands wirki of Drain-anc^ Grounds whatsoever, within the said Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, and all Works what-. a^cor Navigation ^oever already made, or to be made, or erected by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of the said tubcundcrthe Drainage or Navigation, or the Improvement thereof, and also all Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, and Direction of and all other Matters and Things whatsoever within the said Commons, Low Grounds, and Cal's, shall, Commissionera, from anj after the pjrft Meeting of the Commissioners hereby appointed, be subject to the Controul, charged from the Direction, Survey, Order, and Jurisdiction, of the said Commissioners and their Successors, and, from jori^iftion of and after the Execution of the said Award, to the Controul, Direction, Survey, Order, and Juris-any Commission diction, of the said Trustees and their Successors, and not to the Controul, Direction, Survey, Order, or of Seareri. Jurisdiction, of any Commission of Sewers, or any Law or Statute relating to Sewers; any former Law or Statute to the Contrary notwithstanding.

CommidtoBeft

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, for the effectual draining, preserving, and keeping dry the miy make Cuts, said Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, and for making, preserving, and maintaining the said Na-;Drains, &c. and vigation, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the maior Part of them, ’2mc.U atbC and they are hereby authorised and impowered, at any of their Meetings to be held by virtue of this Act, in, upon, or through, the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, to make, dig, cut, ered, set up, enlarge, open,

remove, alter, and maintain, or order and cause to be made, dug, cut, erected, set up, enlarged, opened, removed, altered, and maintained, and, from Time to Time, to be repaired and kept in Repair, all v such Cuts, Trenches, Passages, Gutters, Watercourses, Bridges, Tunnels, aqueducts, Sluices, Locks, Weirs, Pens for Water, Staunches, Reservoirs, Drains, Wharfs, Quays, Landing-places, Weigh-beams, Cranes, Banks, Fences, Cloughs, Engines, Paths, or Ways for towing or haling with Men, Jrlorfcs, or other wise, and other Works, Ways, Roads, and Conveniencies, in such Manner, Order, and Form, as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall think necessary and convenient, or to purchase any Cloughs or other Works which they shall think fit or proper for accomplishing the Drainage, and other Purposes by this Act intended; and also for making and keeping the said maia Drain navigable and passable for Barges, Boats, Lighters, and other Vessels, to cleanse, scour, open, deepen, enlarge, or make straight the same; and also to cleanse, scour, open, deepen, enlarge, alter, divert, or xonduft any other Streams, Brooks, or Watercourses, which do come or may be brought into the same, or made to communicate therewith (so that no Water in any Stream, Brook, or Wa-tercourse, flowing from Londtjbrough into the Foulncy, be diverted or turned into the said navigable Canal before the lame Water shall nave entered the Foulney); and to dig, cut, or raise the Banks thereof as they shall see Occasion, and to make such new Cuts, Canals, and Frenches in, upon, or through, any Lands or Grounds, as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall think necessary or convenient for carrying on and completing the said Drainage and Navigation; and also to get, dig, take, and carry away Soil, Clay, Gravel, or Stone, and other Materials proper, requisite, and convenient for making, carrying on, altering, and continuing the said Works and Undertakings in or from any Grounds of any Person or Persons adjoining or lying contiguous to the said Works, or any of them, or in any other Places where such Materials can be most conveniently got (not being a House, Orchard, Garden, Yard, planted Walk, or avenue to a House); and also to carry and convey the said ‘Materials in, over, and upon such and all other Lands and Grounds necessary for the Conveyance thereof, and to place and lay any Earth, Clay, Gravel, Stone, or other Materials or Things necessary

or convenient to be got or used in or upon account of the several Matters and Works aforesaid, on tho Lands or Grounds near to the Place or Places, where such Works, or any of them, shall be making, erecting, altering, or repairing; and also to do and perform all such other Works, Matters, and Things, as the said Commissioners, or the major ^art of them, shall, from Time to Time, adjudge proper or convenient for the Purposes of this Act; and to make Contracts with any Person or Persons for performing any of the Works, Matters, and Things, that shall be thought necessary in the Execution of this Act, Fourteen Days Notice being given by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, The York Courant, or such other Newspaper as aforesaid, of the Time and Place of their receiving Proposals for such Contracts, they the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, their Agents, Workmen, or Servants, first making Satisfaction to the respective Owners of, and Persons interested in such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall be used, removed, or prejudiced, in or by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, in Proportion to their several and respective Interests therein, in Manner herein after directed.

ri4gtst«be

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if by the making any Drain, Ditch, or other Work, made over by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, ahe Passage of any Person or Persons to or from any Part of his,

Dxams. her, or their Grounds with Cattle or Carriages shall be prevented or interrupted, the said Commissioners,

or the major Part of them, shall, and they are hereby required, before or immediately after such Work shall be completed, to cause proper Bridges, Gates, Stiles, Fences, Passages, and Tunnels, to be made, erected, set up,.and for ever after to be supported and maintained, for the convenient Passage of the Occupier or Occupiers respectively to and from the same with his, her, and their Cattle and Carriages, and to defray the Expences of erecting, making, and maintaining such Bridges cut of any Monies arising by muue of this Act from die Drainage and Navigation respectively*

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 37. 465

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, for the raising and levying such Sum or Sums of Money as charges of the the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall adjudge to be necessary for defraying such pe-Act to culiar Share of the Charges of obtaining this Act> as herein after mentioned and directed to be paid, byp*,d* or out of the Assessment upon Lands, and for carrying on and completing the said Drainage, and every incidental Purpose relating thereto, it shall afnd may be lawful to and for the £Ud Commissioners, or the major Part of them, from ime toTimc, as they shall see Occasion, so assess, tax, and charge the respective Owners and Occupiers of such of the said Low Grounds and Cars as are occupied and enjoyed in Severalty, and which shall be benefited by the said Drainage, by an Acre-tax with such gross Sum or Sums of Money as to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall seem requisite, so that the Whole of such gross Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed for the carrying on and completing the said Drainage, shall not exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Acre, and so in proportion for a Ids Quantity than an Acre: And the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall, and t^cy are hereby required to Rate and Proportion such respective Acre-tax, or Taxes, according to the Benefit arising from, and the Expences occasioned by, the Drainage of the respective Lands and Grounds so to be aflllTcd; and shall make, or cause to be made, and fairly written upon Paper, a separate Acre-tax or Taxes for each of the Townships or Parishes, the Lands whereof are to bcaliefied and taxed as aforesaid, which shall contain and express the Names of the several Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the said Townships or Parishes respectively, for his, her, or their Number of Acres so to be a lib fled, and the Sums at which the same are so afiessed, and shall therein cause to be inserted Thirty Days previous Notice of the Time and Place when and where, and of the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom the Payment thereof shall be made; to which Paper so written the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall respectively subscribe their Names, and then cause the same to be affixed upon the Church Door of the respective Parish or Parishes so a fib lied and taxed: And also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, from Time to Time, to tax and charge all and every the said Commons, and such of the said Low Grounds and Cars which are not possessed or enjoyed in Severalty, but are subject to Rights of Common or Pasture, and which shall be benefited by the said Drainage, with such respective gross Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of the herebf-intend* d Damage, lo that the Whole of such grols Sum or bums shall not exceed the Rate of Forty Shillings for every Acre; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall cause a Paper or Papers in Writing, specifying and expressing the gross Sum or Sums so respectively to be taxed and charged upon the said Commops, Low Grounds, and Cars,

‘subject to the Rights of Common of Pasture as aforesaid and signed by them, to be affixed upon the Church Door of the Parish or Parishes within which the said Commons and the last mentioned Low Grounds and Cars do lie; and in the said Paper shall insert Notic£, not being less than Thirty Days, of the Day and Place when and where the said respective gross Sum or Sums are to be paid to them, or the Person or Persons they shall appoint to receive the same, which said Paper shall be a sufficient Notice to the several Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds so charged with such gross Sum or Sums for the Payment of the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any the Enforcinj pty-said Low Grounds and Cars, so occupied.and enjoyed in Severalty, shall refuse or neglect to pay such meat of Taw*, Sum or Sums, Rate or Rates, Taxor Taxes, charged upon him, her, or them respectively, within

Thirty Days after the Time or Times appointed for the Payment of the same, as aforesaid, it mall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, by v irtue of any Warrant or Precept to him or them directed, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, (which Warrant or Precept the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby impowered and required to grant, as Occasion shall require) to raise and levy the Sum or Sums so rated, taxed, or charged, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons making Default as aforesaid, wherever the same shall be found, and also of any Goods and Chattels, which shall be found on the Lands and Premises, in respect whereof such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so assessed and charged; and if such Lands and Premises shall at any Time hereafter be untenacted, or unoccupied, or no sufficient Distress can be found for levying the said Taxes or Assessments, then the said Lands and Premises shall remain a Security for the Payment of the same; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, in such Case, shall, (after Default of Payment for Six Calendar Months, having first given Three Calendar Months Notice in Writing to such Owner, or his Agent, or left at his, her, or their Place of Abode)* and they are hereby authorised and impowered to let the said Lands and Premises from Year to Yeas, at the heft Rent that can be procured for the same, and to take the Rents and Profits thereof, until the said Taxes and Affi Aments, and all Arrears thereof, and all Expences occasioned by the Non-payment thereof, Avail be fully paid and satisfied; and the Residue, if any, (b ill be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Commissioners, and by him paid to the Owner or Owners of such Lands, or his, her, or their Agent when demanded. t

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, A Part of the or the major Part of them, upon the Request of a Majority in Value of the Proprietors or Persons in-Common* may terested in any the said Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, subject to Rights ot Common, as afore-^inc!ofc^J®r said, or in case the said gross Sum or Sums, taxed and charged as aforesaid, shall be in Arrear or unpaid x^tyiD

for the Space of Thirty Days next after the Time to be appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, to indofi*, or cause to be inclosed such Number of Acres of and from the said Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, taxed or charged with such gross Sum or Sums, as they shall think sufficient to defray the same, and also the Charge of making such Inclosure, the Residue of the said Lands and Grounds (in

466 C. 37.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Whan any Part

of Walling Fen

case the said inclosed Part shall not be sufficient to raise and pay the said gross Sum or Sums) still re* maining liable to pay the said gross Sum or Sums, so that the Whole of such inclosed Lands do not exceed One Tenth Part of the Whole of such Commons and Low Grounds and Cars; and that the said Commissioners, in whom such inclosed Part or Parts are hereby declared to be veiled, shall and may, from Time to Time, grant a Lease or Leases of the Part or Parts so to be inclosed unto any Person or Persons, at and for the bed Rent they can get for the same, for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years; and that the Rent or Rents arising from such inclosed Part or Parts, after the aforesaid erofs Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid, shall be applied, so far as the same will extend, towards defraying the Expences of erecting and making Banks, Engines, Drains, and other Works necessary for the Purpose of Drainage; or it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums as shall be equal to the said gross Sum or Sums, and the Charges occasioned by such Inclosure or Inclosures as aforesaid, and for securing the Re-payment thereof, with Interest, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their Hands-and Seals, to grant and demise such inclosed Part or Parts, to such Person or Persons as shall advance the Money so to be borrowed, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for any Termor Number of Years, as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall think fit; every such Grant and Demise to be made with a Proviso to cease and be void on Payment by the respective Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Lands so to be mortgaged, his, her, or their Heirs or Af-signs, of the principal Money so to be borrowed, with Interest for the same, as aforesaid, within Six Calendar Months after such principal Money shall be so borrowed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Part of the said Common called Walling Fen shall

A*ll be inclosed, be inclosed for the Purposes of this Act, the Proportion of Lands liable to pay Tithes to each Parish, L^T^iTt00* Township, or Place, having Right of Common on the said Fen, shall be settled and ascertained by pay Tithe* Hull t*le Commissioners, or the major Part of them, according to the Proportion of the Land-tax pay-Ce settled aceor- able by each and every such Parish, Township, or Place; and such Determination shall be entered and ding to the Pro- signed by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, in One of the Books to be kept for the

portion of the entering of the Byc-laws, Orders, Constitutions, and Proceedings, of the said Commissioners ani

Land Tax paya- Trustees. hie by each Pa- 1 rUUCCS#

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Rector of the

Parish of Hotham for the Time being, and he is hereby authorised and impowered, by and with the Consent of the major Part of the said Commissioners, and after the Execution of the Award herein'

directed to be made, by and with the Consent of Seven or more of the said Trustees, to charge the

Glebe Lands and Grounds belonging to the said Rectory, and which shall be assessed, taxed, ani charged with any Rates and Taxes by virtue of this Act, with any Sum or Sums of Money fordefraying the said Rate and Taxes, not exceeding the Sum or Sums charged on such Glebe Lands and Grounds, for the Purposes of this Act; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest, to grant, mortgage, lease, demise, or other wise subject the said Glebe Lands and Grounds, unto such Person or Persons as shall advance and lend such Sum and Sums of Money, respectively, fof any Term or Number of Years* so as every such Grant, Mortgage, or Demise, be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied, and so as every such Grant, Mortgage, or Demise, contain a Proviso that the Rector of the said Parish for the Time being shall not be liable, upon becoming Rector of the said Parish, to the Payment of a further or larger Arrear of Interest than for One Year preceding the Time of the Death, Refigru* tion, or Cession of the last Incumbent.

XXIII. Provided always, That the Rector of the said Parish for the Time being shall not only keep down the Interest of such Sum or Sums of Money so-borrowed upon the Credit of the said Glebe Lands and Grounds, but shall also annually pay off and discharge One Tenth Part of such Sum or Sums of Money, until the Payment of the whole Sum or Sums so borrowed shall be completed; any Thing to the Contrary thereof, notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Mortgages to be made or granted as aforesaid, shall be dwrm-d personal deemed personal Eftntcs, and shall and may be respectively assigned, transferred, and assignable, from

*U5’ ' Time to Time, by Indorsements without stamps; and that a Memorial of all such Mortgages and Mo-

nies from Time to Time lent thereon, and Assignments thereof respectively, shall be entered in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners, who shall, at the Re-efueft of every Mortgagee, Grantee, or Assignee respectively, enter the same, without demanding or receiving any other Fee or Reward than the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence for every such Entry. Surrey to

XXV. And be it enacted, That a true and distinct Survey shall be made of all the several Lands and

in Writing, and Grounds which the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall adjudge and determine to be liable to be rated and taxed by virtue of and within the Meaning of this Act, by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall appoint; and such Survey shall be reduced into Wriling; and the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, within the said Commons, Low Grounds and Cars, or other Grounds to be benefited thereby, shall be therein specified and described; and such Su.vey shall be delivered to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, within Thirty Days after the same shall have been completed, and shall be verified upon the Oath oif tire Person or Persons so

making

rifli. Sec.

The Rector of Hotham may fcortow Money n hit Glebe Loads, &c.

Proviso,

Mortgage* to be

delivered to Commissioncii.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 37. 467

making the same; which Oath any One of the said CommiAoners it hereby unpowered and required to administer.

XXVI. And whereas some Doubts may arise as to the exact Extent of the Commons liable to be Commissionm taxed by virtue of this Act,' be it further enacted, That where the Boundaries between any Two to determine or more Commons now lying open, and in common adjoining to each other, £re doubtful, and not at Bo®®*1 present certainly known, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of K'09m ftl* them, and they are hereby authorised and required to meet and view the said Commons, Ten Days Notice of such Meeting being given in the Parish Church or Chapel of each Town interested in the said Commons, on some Sunday immediately after Divine Service and by Notice, in Writing, fixed on the Church or Chapel Door, by the Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby impowered to administer) or by such other Evidence as they shall think material, to settle, fix, determine, and ascertain the Limits and Boundaries of such Commons; and such Determination being expressed and declared by some Instrument in Writing, under the Hands and Sefcls of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall be final and condusive to all Intend and Purposes; which Instrument in Writing shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the executing the same, be inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the East Riding of the County of York.

XX

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case it shall be alledged by any of the said Pro- Commissionen prictors, that any specifick Lands belonging to him, her, or them respectively, and which shall be comprehended in, and charged or chargeable with any such Rate, Tax, or Assessment, as aforesaid, are or 'toXt over-ought to be deemed High Lands, and that the same have not been subject to be overflowed or otherwise flowed, annoyed by Water, the Truth and Justice of such Allegation shall be determined by View of the major Part of the said Commissioners; and no Tax or Assessment shall be paid or payable, or liable to be raised or levied, in respedi of such Land so charged, until such Determination shall be made by the said Con>-inissioners; and such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall set forth their Determination in Two or more distinct Writings, and shall sign the same, and One of such Writings shall be delivered to the Owner of such Lands, or his known Agent; and in case of more Owners than One of such Lands, then such Writing shall be delivered to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Parishes, Place or Places, in which such Lands do lie, and the other of such Writings shall be delivered to the Clerk of the said Commissioners.

XX

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case it shall be alledged by any of the said Pro- what *?*naer prietors, (within Twenty-four Days after Notice given, of the Sum or Sums at which his, her, or their h.g^Und* shall respective Lands or Grounds are taxed and assessed as aforesaid) by the Determination, upon View of settle*, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that any specifick Lands belonging to him, her, or them respectively, and which shall be comprehended in, and charged with, any such Rate, Tax, or Assessment* as aforesaid, are or ought to be deemed High Lands, and that the same have not been subject to be overflowed or otherwise annoyed by Water, or being flridlly within the Description of Low Lands, and having been subject to be annoyed with Water, shall be charged or chargeable with any greater or higher Tax than the due Proportion that such Land ought to bear contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; that then, and in cither and every of such cases, the same shall be settled and determined by a Jury in the same Manner, and under the same Powers, Directions, and Penalties, as are herein given and granted in Cases of Dispute* concerning the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act; and in case the said Lands shall be deemed Low Lands liable to be taxed, or in case the said Lands shall not be deemed to be overcharged,

then, and in either of the said cases, the Person or Persons so alledging as aforesaid, shall pay all the reasonable and necessary Expences of summoning and maintaining such jury and the Witnesses, and the other Expences attending the same.

XXIX. And be it further eadled. That the Taxes to be charged and assessed as aforesaid, by virtue of Tenants to piy this Act, dull be paid by the Tenants of the Land charged with the same respectively; and such Te- diift*h*fcme©ut nnnts shall and may retain and deduct the same out of the Rents payable by them respectively, to the.of their Rems, Owner or Owners of Inch Lands.

XXX. Provided always, That in c.»fc any Tenant shall hold any Lands so to be taxed by virtue of except Tenintf

anu under any Lease for any Term of Years which will not expire until the End of Seven Years, to be whofcLcafct will computed from the Day of the passing of this Act, then such Taxes shall be paid by the Lefloror Leslie, not npire till or in such Shares and Proportions between the Lcflbr and Lcflce of such Lands, as shall be adjudged, Y«r« ascertiined, and determined by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them. ’ ' ca

XXXI. Provided also, That all Persons holding their Lands under any Bilhoo’s Lease, CollegeLeafe, and Tenant* or Church Lease, not at Rack-rent, shall pay the whole Taxes in respect of the Lands so taxed, and shall onder ^hurch not be inti tied to any Deduction out of their Rents in respect thereof. Lelfe*

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed Lord of Manor to extend, to restrain or hinder the Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, or the Owner or Owne s of any Land* or Grounds through which the said intended navigable Cut or Canal shall be made, under or by virtue of this Act, from making, electing, or uiing any Wharfs, Quays, Landing-places, Cranes, °U Weigh-beams, or Warehouseb, in or upon their respective own proper Lands, Grounds, or Wastes, adjoining or near to the said Cut or Canal hereby authorised to be made, or from landing any Goods or Merchant!ife, or other Things thereupon, or upon the Banks lying between the same, and the said new-intended Cut #r Canal, or lor making and using proper and convenient Places for Boats, or other Ycikls, to lie in, turn, or pass by each other, lo that the making, creating, or using thereof respectively,

468 C. 37.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

shall and do not obffrufl or prejudice the Navigation of the Yaid intended Cut or Canal, or tho Towing-paths, or Sides thereof; and all Rates, Dues, and Duties, that shall be paid for the Ufa and Benefit of the said Wharfs, Quays, Landing-places, Cranes, Weigh-beams, and Warehouses respectively, shall be #nd the same aie hereby veiled in such Lord or Lords of such Manor or Manors, or the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds or Wastes, who shall make and erect such Wharfs, Quays, Landing-places, Cranes, Weigh-beams, or Warehouses, upon their own respective Lands, Grounds, or Waites respectively, his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns, so that the Rates, Tolls, or Duties granted to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, for Tonageand Wharfage, shall not be thereby reduced or altered.

Cernmissionew

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any such Lord or Lords, Owner or Owners, »ay build atter shall not, within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after Notice given in Writing by or on Be MonthaVotee of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that any Part or Parts of such Lands, given c/the Grounds, or Wastes, is or are intended to be used by them for the Purpose of erecting Warehouses

Owner*. apd Buildings for the Use of the said Navigation, make, ered, and maintain, in substantial Repair, in

the Opinion of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, proper and sufficient Warehouses and Buildings agreeable to a Plan or Plans thereof, which is and are hereby required and directed to be delivered to such Lord or Lords, Owner or Owners, at the same Time or Times when such Notice or Notices shall be given as aforesaid, on the respective Part or Parts of the Lands, Grounds, and Wastes, con prised and described in such Notice; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall have full and absolute Power and Authority, without any

Hindiance or Restraint whatsoever, to make use of such Lands, Grounds, or Wastes, for erecting,

such sufficient Warehouses and Buildings, agreeable to such Plan or Plans so delivered as aforesaid, making Satisfaction for the same in such Manner as is directed with respect to other Lands or Grounds which shall be taken and used for the like Purposes.

AnfcrDam,

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons liable to cleanse and scour the several Thornton Dam, Drains and Sewers called Anfer Damy Thornton Damy Tempie Damy and Hodlet, and also to maintain and keep in repair the feve; at Cloughs belonging to the said several Drains or Sewers, and Handing Clouiths, may be llP°n the Banks of the said River Humber and the River Ouze> in the said East Riding, and their several taken away wiib and respective Heirs and Assigns, shall, at the Expiration of Three Years, at any Time or Times Content of Com- after the said Drainage and Navigation shall be completed, by and with the Consent of the said Com-T*Uft^SOr missioners, or the major Part of them, during the Continuance of their Authority as aforesaid, or of ii etfc the said Trustees, or any Sever* of them, after the Authority of the said Commissioners shall be determined (as the Case shall happen to be) at any of their Meetings to be held by virtue of this Act, but not o herwife, be exonerated and discharged of all further Charges and Expences of cleanfine or scouring the said several Drains or Sewers, and also of maintaining and keeping in repainthe said several Cloughs for the Purposes of Drainage; and that then and from thenceforth it shal] and may be lawful to and for the said several Persons, and their several and respective Heirs and Assigns respectively,

, to take up and remove all the Brick, Stone, Iron, Timber, and other Materials of or belonging to the said lev; rai Drains and Cloughs, and to sell and dispose of the same respectively at their own Will and Pleasure, and for their own respective Use and Benefit, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the Conti a: y thereof notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, during the Continuance of their slid Authority, or the said Trustees, or any Seven of them, Oral), after the said Cut or Canal shall be made from the said River Humber through a Place called Ojniiidike Marr, at any of their Meetings as aforesaid, think it expedient or proper to make use of and continue the said Clough and Sewer leading thereto, called Hodlctj for the Purpose of an assistant Draite.ige, for the Benefit of the several Townships and Places intended to be drained by virtue of this Act, that then, and at all Times thenceforth, the said Clough and Sewer shall be maintained, repaired, and kept open by a general Charge, in such and the like Manner as all the other Works to be made by virtue of this Ai\ for the Purposes of the said intended Drainage are to be maintained and supported.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Estate and Property of and in the several Locks, Cloughs, Engines, and all and singular other Works to be made use of for the Purposes of such Drainage or Navigation respectively, and of the Materials of which the same shall consist, and also all Materials which shall be actually got or collected to be made use of in such Works, shall be, and they are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and their Successors, to be appointed as aforesaid, until they shall have tinned and sealed their Award, as herein after directed; and from and after the signing and sealing of !uch Award the same shall be, and are hereby vested in the Trustees herein-before named, or to be elette d, as aforesaid; and they the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, during the Continuance of their said interest therein, and after the Determination of such Interest, then the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby in.powered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to pr*fer or ofder the preferring of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall injure or disturb them the said Commissioners or Trustees respectively in the Possession, Use, or Enjoyment of the Premises, or any of them.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised, and shall have Power, from Time to Time, to remove, or cause to be removed, all Impediments, Annoyances, and Obstructions whatsoever, from Time to Time, being in or near any Drain or Work, subject to their Power, Ordering, or Direction, by virtue of this Actj and in case the Person or Persons who shall occasion any such Impediment* Annoyance, or Obstruction, shall refuse or

negkik

Jf the Commissioners shall continue Hodlet Clouth, the same shall be Maintained r in the same Manner at the other Works

‘Vorks vested in Commissioners ontil their A ward, and then-in Tfufttef*

Commi Wooers ruy umoTC Ob* stru&joas.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 37. 469

neglect to remove the same in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, or their Agents, Officers or Workmen shall require, by the Space of Six Days after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, every such Person or Persons so neglecting or offending, on Conviction before any Justice of the Peace for the East Riding of the County of York, by the pa'h or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings $ to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice; and for want of sufficient Distress such Offender or Offenders lhnil, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Twenty-one Days, or until such Penalty shall be paid, or otherwise compounded for; which Composition the said Comem f-sioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby impowered to make.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them. The Course of shall begin the said main Dra;n or navigable Canal at or near the said Fofs Dyke Clough, fitiute upon the Navigation, the Banks of the said River Humber, and shall carry on, complete, and finit'h the lame, and all and

singular the Works to be made or erected thereon from or near the said Fc/s Dyke Clough progressively upwards, before the said main Drain or navigable Canal, or any the said Works shall be begun in or upon the higher Parts of the intended Course of the said main Drain or navigable Canal.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Works shall be done for effecting or perfe£l- WaTj6S fa ing the said Navigation in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities in this Act contained, which shall vigation not to* be the Means or Occasion of Detriment, Prejudice, or Hindrance, to the draining of the aforesaid prejudice the Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, or to the Works to be made for such Drainage, or to the con- Drainag*. veying or discharging the Water and Floods from any of the Lands lying within the said Commons,

Low Grounds, and Cars, which shall be rated or taxed for the Purposes of this Act.

XL. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Lock or Staunch shall be erected for the Purpose Mo Lock to pei> of Navigation which shall pen up the Water higher than within Three Feet of the natural Surface ofuPthe w*ter any of the Lands and Grounds above such Lock or Staunch; and such Lock or Staunch shall bother opened or pulled up whenever the Water shall run above Four Inches over the Top of such Lock or JeWof the Snr-' Staunch. farc of the Lan<J*

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con- Owner* may tnined shall extend, or be construed to extend, in any Way to restrain or prevent the several Owners makcGuts» c*-and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within any of the said Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, hereby intended to be drained from making such Cuts, Canals, or Watering-places, in, over, ana*1’* upon, their respective Lands and Grounds, as they shall, from Time to Time think proper, so as such Cuts, Canals, or Watering-places, do not damage or prejudice either the Drainage or the Navigation intended to be made and effected by this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Owners of any Lands or Grounds, or the Ma- Qwacrtof *» jority of the Owners of, and Persons interested in, any Commons in the said East Riding of the County jacent Ground* of York, adjoining or lying near the said Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, intended to be drained by virtue hereof, though not within the Parishes, Townships, or Places mentioned in this Act, shall a-

signify in Writing to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, or the said Trustees, or any gre^nt with Seven of them, at any of their Meetings, their Desire that such their respective Commons, Lands or Commissionerwt Grounds, should be admitted to the Benefit of Drainage through all or any of the Cuts, Drains, other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of thelh, during the Continuance of their Authority, and after the Determination thereof, for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at their annual Meeting, to extend the Boundaries of this Act, so as to take in and comprehend such Commons, Lands, or Grounds; and aUo to rate and tax such Commons, Lands, or Grounds, with such yearly or gross Sum or Sums of Money, or otherwise, as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Owners and the said Commissioners or Trustees, as the Case may happen to be; provided that it shall appear to the said Commissioners or Trustees that such Extension shall not be to the Prejudice of any other Grounds or Lands the Owners whereof shall not have joined in such Application, or to the Prejudice of the Drainage hereby intended, Notice thereof having been given in the weekly Newspaper called The York Courant, or some other Newspaper as aforesaid, Twenty Days at the leall before such annual Meeting.

X.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Sum or Sums of Money so agreed upon to be paid for every Acre so admitted to the Benefit of Drainage, shall not exceed the highest Rate or Proportion of the Rates and Taxes charged by this Act upon an Acre of Land or Ground within the Boundaries of this Act; and that alter such Admission and Taxation such Commons, Lands, and

Grounds, shall be, and be deemed and taken to be within the Boundaries of this Act, and be Part of the Lands intended to be drained thereby; and that all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Limitations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, in this A<fl contained, as well in respedi of Works and Drainage, and the imposing, levying, collecting, and Application of Taxes, and the raising of Money on the Credit thereof, or otherwise, shall extend, and be construed to extend to such Lands and Grounds, and the Rates and Taxes to be laid thereon; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall Coimniffyntr* have full Power and Authority, and are hereby impowered to agree with the Proprietors of, and Persons {^rcluleb interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, on which they the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall judge necessary to build Houses for Persons looking after the Locks, or to Lcck.kcrfc

be *c.

470 C. 37.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D.

1772

Where Petfoai shall refuse or neglect to treat*

be made use of in any Manner, in Whole, or in Part, for the Purposes of this Act, either for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or for the Recompence to be made to such Proprietors, or Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may respectively sustain; and also to settle and ascertain in what Proportion the Sum or Sums to agreed for shall be paid to the several Persons interested in the Premises; and it shall be lawful for ail Bodies Poiiw tick. Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, <or Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs, and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Celtuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes covert, or Persons under any other legal or natural Disability; and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in, any such Lanas, Tenements or Hereditaments, tQ contract for, fell, and convey, unto the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or the major Part of them, shall appoint, the Fee-simple and Inheritance, or the whole Estate and interest of such Person or Persons, or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, or other Persons whomsoever, of and in such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Purposes aforesaid; or to agree with the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, for any Recompence to be made for any Damages occasioned by the Execution of any of the Powers of rthis Act and all such Contrafts, Sales, Conveyances, and Agreements, shall be valid and effectual in >the Law, to all intents and Purposes, not only so as to alienate, convey, and transfer, the Estate and interest of the Person or Persons actually entering into, making and executing the same, but also all Rights, Estate, interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, both in Law and Equity, of their several and respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes covert, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim, by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding 5 and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever so conveying as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for what they, or any of them, shall do in pursuance, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act* XLV, And it is hereby further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons, interested or concerned as aforesaid, for the Space of Thirty Days after Notice in Writing given to the principal Officer or Officers of such Body Poli-tick? Corporate, or Collegiate, or to Uich Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at his, her, or their respective Place or Places of Abode, or at the House of the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier, or Occupiers, of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, intended to be cut, altered, dug, or used for any of the Purposes in this Act as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, or, by reason of Absence, shall be prevented from treating, touching the Matters aforesaid; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to issue issue a Warrant out their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the County of fa the Sheriff, york for the Time being, or in case such Sheriff shall be immediately interested in such Matter in Question, then to One of the Coroners of the said County, commanding such Sheriff or Coroner to impanel, summon, and return a Jury; and the said Sheriff or Coroner respectively, to whom the said Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, is hereby lequired accordingly to impanel, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm, to be returned for Trials of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at JVefiminj}ery to appear be- fore the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, at such Time and Place, as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, not being less than Twenty-one Days after such Warrant shall be served upon the said Sheriff or Coroner respectively, upon Pain to forfeit, for every Default in not making such Return, Five Pounds; to be sued for and recovered in the Manner herein after directed; and also to return in Issues upon every Person so impanelled and returned, not appearing, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Sum of Forty Shillings; which shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person not appearing as aforesaid, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them: And ig

case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at such Time and Place, the said Sheriff or Coroner shall return other honest and indifferent Men that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, being qualified as aforesaid, to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby impowered, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before them all and every such Person or Persons as shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witnesses, touching the Matters in question; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, may order and authorise the said Jury, or any Six or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter in question; which Jury upon their Oaths to be administered by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, (which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby impowered to administer; shall inquire of, afiefs, and ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or the Recompence to be made for such Damages as may or shall be sustained as aforesaid, and to settle and ascertain in what Proportion the Sum or Sums so assessed shall be paid to the several Persons interested in the Premises; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall give Judgment for such Purchase-monies or Recompence so to be a fife fled by such Juries; which said Verdict and the Judgment thereupon pronounced by the said Commissioners, or the ma- jor

Trustees may

Ac. to summon Jury.

Jurors may be hal leaped. "WitnessV. may be summontrd, zni examined ’Upon Oath.

‘Verdin to be coixclusive.

A.D. 177a. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 37. 471

)or Part of them, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposei* against all Partiei, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever,

XLVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons, summoned as aforesaid to give Evidence, shall neglect or refuse to appear at such Time or Times, Place or Places, as shall be appointed in the Warrant or Warrants granted by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them; or appearing shall refuse ro be sworn or examined by, or give evidence before the said Commissioners or Commissioner* the major Part of them; or if any Person, summoned as a Juryman as aforesaid, shall after his Appearance refuse to be sworn, or being so sworn refuse to give, or not give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act* every Person so offending, having no reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall, for every such Ostence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five rounds; to be levied on the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the said acting Commissioners, or the major Part of them, by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, rendering the Overplus, (if any), to the Owner thereof, after such.

Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted.

XL

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury, to be summoned and sworn, as aforesaid, E*pws«tfthe shall give a Verdict for more Monies, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands, Tenements, j"J 0W to or Hereditaments, or for any Damages to be done thereto, than what shall have been offered by or on '

Behalf of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, before the summoning of any such Jury for such Recompence or Satisfaction, that then all the reasonable and necessary Expences of summoning and maintaining such Jury and the Witnesses, and of taking such Inqutft, shall he paid and defrayed by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, out of the Monies to arise by virtue, of this Act; but if any such Verdict shall be given for no greater Sum^or a less Sum thanihall have been so previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, for such Recompence or Satisfaction, that then the Expences of Summoning and maintaining such Jury ' and the WitnessVs, to be fetctled by the said Commissioners, r the major Part of them, shall be borne and defrayed by the Owners of, or Persons interested in, the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (b in Question; and the Expences so ascertained shall be deducted and taken out of the Monies so assessed and adjudged, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder.of.fuclr Monies shall be deemed t within the Intent and Meaning, of this Act to be a full Satisfaction for such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Damages respectively.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sunroof Cdtanrifltenm Money as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, and the Party or Parties interested, or of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be assessed by any such Party or Parties, or to the principal Officer or Officers, Treasurer or Receiver, of any such Bodies Politick,

Corporate or Collegiate, or if he, she, or they, cannot be found, or refuse to accept such Money upon Payment thereof to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Commissioners for the Use of, and to be paid upon Demand, without Fee or Reward, to such Party or Parties, Principal Officer or Officers, Treasurer or Receiver respectively, the said Commissioners and all Persons employed or authorised by them, or the major Part of them, shall have full Power and Authority to enter upon die Lands, Tenenunts, or Hereditaments^, in respect whereof such Monies were so agreed for or assessed, and to make use of (tich Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act; and they shall be, and are hereby indemnified for so doing; and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate*, and Collegiate whatsoever, shall from thenceforth be, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right,

Title, and Claim, Interestvand Property, to and in the same.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, ChmrnrflTona*. r the major Part of them, or such Person or Persons as they, or the major Part of them shall appoint, to enter upon, without any previous Payment or Tender of Recompence, to enter upon, and take a Survey and Level Sufm

of, and to mark out any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which they the said Commissioners, T*?8 of L>nd,> or the major Part of them, shall think necessary to be used for any of the Purposes of this Act, doing thereby as little Damage as may be, and making Satisfaction as soon as conveniently, may be, for all Damages which shall be thereby occasioned, in case such Damages exceed the Sum of Five Shillings; and in case such Damages shall not amount to the Sum of Five Shillings, then no Satisfaction shall be paid or recovered, or sued for on account thereof, in any Court whatsoever.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, or Corporate, at any Time after the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons employed or authorised by them, shall have &c. to have sal begun to carry this Act into Execution for making the said Drainage and Navigation, or shall have com- tisftflion fbi. pitted the same, shall happen to sustain any Damage or Injury in his> her, or their Lands, Grounds, D'®* or Hereditaments, for which they shall have had no Recompence or Satisfaction, through any Neglect or Default of the said Commissioners, or their Agents, Workmen, or Servants, or by reason of any Alteration which shall be made by them, or any or either of them, on account of the Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or from any other Cause v then, and in every such Case, if the said Commissioners, or the major Part of (hem, and the Parties by whom such Damages shall have been sustained, shall not agree touching such Damages, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall inquire of and ascertain such Damages by a Jury, to be impanelled and returned as aforesaid, and give Judgment for the Party or Parties aggrieved, who shall recover the same accordingly, in the same Manner and Form as the Damages and Recompences are hereby appointed to be addled and adjudged for any Lands, Tenements,

WItntUVi or Jurymen nM*f iB be (Worn, be Ancd by the

472 C. 37.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Laadi.

, ToU«f

ments, or Hereditaments, which shall be in an^wife made use of, cut, or damnified, in the Execution of any the Works by this Act directed and authorised.

AllVentifti, fee.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Verdicts and Judgments which shall be made and given in to be tnrotted, relation to any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be used for the Purposes of this Act kWfw,2lrt,e as aforesaid, (such Verdicts and Judgments being signed by the major Part of the said Commissioners Peace.° who shall he Pre^cnt at the taking of such Ingueft,) shall be delivered to and filed by the Clerk of the Peatfe for the East Riding of the County of York\ and the same, or a true Copy thereof, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the same, and take Copies thereof, upon paying for every such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, and for every such Copy, not exceeding One hundred Words, the Sum of Twopence, and so in proportion for ary greater Number of Words.

For Exchange 0 4 lh. And whereas the Lands and Grounds of several of the Land-owners may, by the Execution

of the Powers of thrs Act, be so separated as to render the Occupation thereof inconvenient ;’ be -it ‘further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and other Land-owners under any Disability, by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, or of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to be tef-tified by any Writing or Writings to be by them sealed and delivered in the Presence of, and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to contract for, fell, and dispose, or to convey in Exchange, in lieu of other Lands, all or any Part of such Lands or Grounds so separated to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Price or Prices in Money, or other Equivalent, as to the said Commissioners, or the ' major Part of them, or to the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall seem reasonable; so as that such Price or Prices be not less than after the Rate of Thirty Years Purchase; and that all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Exchanges, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding: And all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Pelfons whomsoever, so conveying and exchanging as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for what he, she, or they, or any of them shall respectively do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and that all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, so to be made as aforesaid, shall, at the Expence of the said Commissioners or Trustees, be inrolled in the publick Register Office for the said East Riding; and true Copies thereof, attested by the proper Officer, shall be allowed to be gMd Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, for which Inrolment, or Copy thereof, shall be taken the Sum of Twopence for every One hundred Words, and so in proportion for a greater or less Number of Words, and no more.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in consideration of the great Charges and Expences which must necessarily be sustained in making, maintaining, and supplying with Water the said Main Drain or Cut, intended to be made navigable as aforesaid, and in making and maintaining all other Works for the Use and Purpose of the said Navigation, there shall be paid, from and after the Feast of Saint Michael next coming, at such Place or Places, upon or adjoining to the said Main Drain or navigable Cut, as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall,' by any Instru-nient in Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint, unto the Collector or Collectors, (to be nominated as herein after is directed) by all and every Person or Persons who shall carry or convey any Goods, Wares, Merchandises, or Commodities whatsoever, up or down the said navigable Canal, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Four Shillings for every Ton of Grocery Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, Two Shillings for every Chaldron of Coals, (containing Thirty-two Bushelsto the Chaldron); One Shilling for every Ton of Stone; One Shilling and Sixpence for every Chaldron of Lime, (containing Thirty-two Bushels to the Chaldron); Sixpence for every Ton of Manure of all Sorts; Two Shillings for every Thousand of Tiles; One Shilling for every Thousand of Bricks; and Eightpence for every Pack of Wool, (containing Sixteen Stone to each Pack); and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity: Which respective Sum or Sums of Money, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall, by any Instrument in Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint, to be paid in due Proportions, according to the Expences attending or occasioned by the making navigable such specihc Distance of the find navigable Cut or Canal, as any of the said Goods, Wares, Merchandises, or Commodities, shall be carried or conveyed upon; and the said Sum or Sums., or any Part thereof so proportioned, shall and may be demanded and taken as a 'Foil, for navigating upon the said Cut or Canal, from the said River Humber to Market Weighton, at such Place or Places as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall in such Instrument direct: And in case of Neglect or Denial of Payment on Demand of such Tolls, or any Part thereof, such Collector or Collectors is and are hereby authorised and required to seize and detain any such Goods, Wares, Mer-chandises, and Commodities, or the Boats or Vessels conveying the same; and in case such Tolls, shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure made, it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors to fell such Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Commodities, Boats, or Vessels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners, after the said Tolls together with the reasonable Charges of such Seizure. Detention, and S lie, shall be satisfied and paid,

LIV. Provided always, That nothing her. n before contained shall extend to charge with any of the said Tolls or Pates any boats wuch (had oe upon the said navigable Cut for Pleasure only, or anykBoat or other Vessel, laden wit.i Materials for the Purposes of Drainage or Navigation hereby directed to be made.

Exemptions.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 37. 473

LV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That for every Quarter of Wheat, Rye, Beans, Pease, Rlt«krCotn, Lcntiles, Barley, Malt, Oats, or other Grain, or Seeds whatsoever, patting or repatting upon the ibid navigable Canal, there shall be paid the Sum of Eightpence; and for every Sack of Hour (containing Eive Bushels to the Sack) Sixpence, and no more; and so in proportion for any greater or leis Quantity: Which respective Sum and Sums of Money so appointed to be paid as aforesaid, shall and may be demanded, taken, recovered, and applied, in such Manner, and at such Place or Places, as the other Tolls or Rates herein-before specified are "herein directed to be demanded, taken, recovered, and applied.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Per- p°rfon» t?k7 Persons shall claim or take any Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being intitled B*t# «t 'e*. to the same, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty emption* ill*.

Shillings; to be recovered, levied, and applied, in such Manner as other Forfeitures and Penalties gaily,

are directed by this Act to be recovered, levied and applied.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Money which shall be raised, levied, and collected, Ta,te5V^olls

by virtue of this Act, for or towards the carrying on and completing the Drainage of the said Com-

inons, Low Grounds, and Cars, herein-before mentioned, and also all 'Lolls and Duties to be raised by r> virtue of this Act for or towards the carrying on and completing the Ibid.Navigation, shall be, and the same are hereby vetted in the said Commissioners, or their Successors, to be nominated as herein-before mentioned, until such Drainageand Navigation shall be finally completed and perfected, and the Award of the said Commissioners shall be executed as herein after mentioned; and from and after the signing and sealing such Award, all the Money which shall then have been raised by the said Commissioners for those Purposes, or any them, by virtue of this Act, and also all the Monies which (h.J! then have been taxed and aflcITcd by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, by virtue of this Act, but shall not have been then received, and all and singular the Powers and Authorities herein before granted to the said Commissioners for the collecting, raffing, and levying the same, shall, immediately from and after the signing and sealing of the said Award by the said Commissioners, be vetted in the said Trustees here- .

in-belore named, and their Successors, to be chosen and appointed as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised,*in the Firth Place, and before any other Dil-burfements, to pay and discharge all the Charges and Expences of soliciting and obtaining this Act, and other mccliary Expences relating thereto; which said Charges and Expences shall be divided between the Proprietors of the said Lands so intended to be drained and the Subscribers to the said Navigation, in such Proportions as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall think just and reasonable; and also all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, and all other Charges and Expences which are indiscriminately eccafioned by the said intended Drainage and Navigation; but with Lindi!* respeff to all the peculiar Charges and Expences, as well of carrying on and fini thing the said intended Drainage as of maintaining, preserving, and keeping in Order, for all Times to come, all the Drains to be made or enlarged for that Purpose, other than the maintaining the main Drain or navigable Canal, the same shall be and are hereby directed to be borne and defrayed wholly out of the Money to be raised by such rateable and proportionate Taxes and AflHTments as aforesaid, upon the said Commons, peculiar Charges Low Grounds, and Cars; and with respect to all the peculiar Charges and Expences, as well of the of Navigation making, carrying on, and completing the said main Drain or navigable Canal, as of maintaining, pre- upon the Cuutxi* serving, and keeping in Order, for ail Times to come, such main Drain or navigable Canal, and all buors* and singular the Works which shall be made, done, or constructed, for the Purpose of effecting, completing, and carrying on the said intended Navigation, or any Thing relative thereto, and the Charges and Expences of all Purchases of Lands or other Hereditaments to be made for the Purpose of the said intended Navigation, and all Monies which shall be paid as a Satisfaction for D images done to any Lands or Hereditaments which shall be used for the same or the like Purpose, and all *jther incidental Charges and Expences which shall be occasioned by or by Means of the said intended Navigation, the same shall be and are hereby directed to be borne and defrayed wholly out of the Money subscribed, or to be subscribed, by the several Contributors to the said intended Navigation; and for that End the To keep Bo«k« aforesaid Commissionen?, by their Treasurer or other Officer, are hereby required to procure and keep k’r that Purpose# One or more Look or Books of Account, in which shall be entered fairly and dil!inc4Jy the several Sums of Money which shall be received from Time to Time by virtue of this Act, to be applied towards the carrying on and finishing the said intended Drainage, and the Works relating thereto, and the several Sums of Money which shall be paid and disposed of for the same Purpose; ai d One or more other Book or Books of Account, in which shall he entered fairly and distincUy the several Sums of Money which shall be received from Time to Time by virtue of this Act, to be applied towards the carrying on and linishing the said intended Navigation, and the Works and Expences relating thereto, and the lc* veral Sums of Money which shall be paid and disposed of for that Purpose.

LVIII. And be it hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, Surveyor*mt# at their several annual Meetings herein-before mentioned, shall be attended determined by the Surveyor or Survey- attend Cormruf-rs of the Works of such Drainage and Navigation respectively, with the Plans, Surveys, and o'her *ioLC,> *c* Means of Information in his or their Custody relating to such respective Wot kb, and shall also be then,

attended, if they then think fit, by all and everr other Person or Persons appointed or employed by the said Trustees as aforesaid, in the Execution of this Act, who shall then also produce all such Books and Papers in their Custody relating to the said Drainage and Navigation respectively, as shall be requir'd by the said Commissioners so assembled, or the major Part of them, to be so produced; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall, at such respective annual Meetings, examine the Stale Vet.*

47+ C. 37.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Commissioneri te compute the Charges of

and Progress of all such Works respectively committed to their Care and Direction by this Act* and the State of the several and respective Funds hereby provided for the said intended Drainage and Navi* fair A^co*t^f* Sat'0115 ai*d &a^ then cause a f^ir Account to be drawn out of the gross Sums of all Receipts and Dif-all Receipts and burfements to that Time had and made on account of the said Drainage and Navigation respectively; Disturfcments on and the said Trustees, or their Successors, to be appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, may be present, n account of if they think fit, at any such annual Meetings of the said Commissioners, and may call for and inspect or an^ Accounts, PaPefs, and Writings, relative to the said intended Drainage and Naviga-

tion respectively, without any Controul or Hindrance from any Person whatsoever.

Trustees may

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said-Trustees, or any vetae the Toll* Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be had for that Purpose, in pursuance of Notice to*>s given Twenty-one Days before such Meeting, by Writing, to be affixed upon the Dwelling-house of the Collector of the said Tolls and Rates for the Time being, and also to be inserted in The York Courant% or such other publick News papers as aforesaid, Four several Weeks before such Meeting, with th# Content of the Proprietors of at lead Two thirds of the Shares of the said Navigation, to leiten or reduce the said 'Polls and Rates hereby granted, or any of them, as they shall think proper, of which Reduction the like publick Notice shall be given as aforesaid; and may afterwards, from Time to Time, at any such Meeting (of which such Notice shall be given as aforesaid), advance the said Tolls and Rates, or any of them, again to any Sum or Sums of Monty, not exceeding the Tolls and Rates here* in-before specified; and that no such Reduction of the Tolls and Rates hereby specified shall be confined to any particular Part of the said navigable Canal, but that such Abatement of the said Tolls and Rates shall take place, or be made in such Proportion and Degree as herein-before directed for collecting the same.

LX. And whereas several of the Trustees herein-before named, and several other Persons, have tinder- taken and agreed, at their joint Charges and Expences, to advance all the Money which shall be necessary Drainage and Na- for Purpose of completing the said intended Navigation, and making and perfecting the several Works vigation respect c which shall be found requisite for the carrying on with Effect the said intended Navigation in such navi* tivciy, and allot gable Canal, in consideration of their having, and being intitled to, such Shares of the Tolls and Rates each 'roprieror c to be collected and paid for Goods passing upon the said navigable Canal, when so made, as shall be tht proportionable to the Share which each Undertaker shall bear of the Charges and Expences attending the same be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them,

shall, as soon as may be after the said intended Drainage or Navigation shall be completed, compute and ascertain the whole Charges and Expences of the said intended Drainage, and of all the Works which shall have been made, done, or constructed, for the Purpose of making and completing the said intended Drainage; and shall also separately and distinctly compute and ascertain the whole Charges and Expences of making and perfecting the said intended Navigation, and of all the Works which shall have been made, done, or constructed, for the specifick Purpose of the said intended Navigation, and all the Money which shall have been laid out and expended in purchasing Land, or making Satisfaction for Damages to Lands, requisite to be had and used for the same specifick Purpose, or on account thereof, and all other Charges and Expences whatsoever relating thereto; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall also, upon a careful Examination of the several Sums contributed and paid by each and every Person towards the Charges and Expences occasioned by the said intended Navigation, allot and assign to each such Contributor such Share of the Tolls and Rates to be so collected and paid by virtue of this Act, for Goods passing upon the said navigable Canal, as shall be fairly and justly proportionable to the several and respective Sums of Money so to be contributed and paid for the making and perfecting the said intended Navigation; and shall cause to be fairly entered, by their Clerk, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, the Christian and Surnames, at Length, of all the said Contributors, in One Column, and shall set in another Column, over against the Name of every such Contributor or joint Contributors, the gross Sum so advanced by him, her, or them respectively, and in a Third Column the Share of the said Tolls and Rates so to be by them allotted and assigned to him, her, or them, as aforesaid; and the respective Shares of the said Tolls and Rates, so to be allotted and assigned as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vested in the several and respective Persons to whom the same shall be so allotted and assigned, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to their o*n proper Ule and Benefit respectively 5 and all and every the said Shares shall be deemed tobcpeifonal Estates, and transmistable as such; and a Transcript of the Name or Names of each Contributor or joint Contributors, and of the gross Sum by him, her, or them, so contributed and paid as aforesaid, and of the Share of the said l olls and Rates so allotted or assigned to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, and signed by the Clerk to the said

Cottmiflifirr*

tOf^y Intere'l of Money subscribed u til the Works are conv plcied.

Commissionrs, shall be sufficient Evidence of the Share belonging to each and every such Contributor of the said Tolls and Rates, in all Courts whatsoever.

LXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, out of the Money so to be contributed for the making and perfecting the said intended Navigation, until the same shall be cunplcted, to pay all and every Person and Person who shall teverally subscribe and pay in the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or such Sum or Sums of Money as shall, from Time to Time, be demanded in rjfpcCl thereof, towards carrying on and completing the said intended Navigation, Inter if for the same, after the Rate of l ive Pounds for every One Hundred Pounds by the Year, from th: Time that each of such Sums shall be respectively advanced as aforesaid, such Iiuereft to be paid and p^yabte at iVLirkct IVtighten aforesaid*

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 37. 4.75

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the said intended Drainage, Commissionert and also the said intended Navigation, and all the Works necessary or proper for those fevepal Pur-(*rtcr. w‘J?k,#fC poses, shall be perfected, then the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby aucho- fifed and required, as soon as conveniently may be, to divide, arrange, and distinguish the Nun ber the Numberoi of Acres of each and every Proprietor in thosaid Low Grounds and Cars so held in Severalty into such Acres of each and so many different Species or Denominations of Land, according to the Manner of proportioning Pr i>ricLoriDla the Tax as herein-before mentioned; and after such Survey and Arrangements shall be made, settled, and adjusted, as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall, by an Award or ,°ax Instrument in Writing to be signed and sealed by them, or the major Part of them, specifying such Singly, Arrangements, tax, charge, and assess the Lands of all and every such Proprietor in the said Low Grounds and Cars by the Acre, or otherwise, as they shall think most equitable (on Confederation of the said Surveys and Arrangements), with his, her, or their respective Quota or Proportion of the whole Expence attending the said, Drainage to that Time: And in case the Quota or Proportion of any if any Proprietor such Proprietor so to be taxed and aliened by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, as overpaid h» aforesaid, shall exceed what such Proprietor shall have been taxed or aiTelfed at and paid, or shall have Proportion, the been raised upon his said Lands, by virtue or in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities herein -before bcw*

given to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, then such Proprietor shall, within Twenty-one Days after Notice shall be given to him by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, in Writing under their Hands, of such Excess, pay the same to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners for the Time being; or otherwise, in case of Neofedt or Default of such Payment, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to railc the same Excess by Mortgage of the Lands of the said Proprietors in the said Low Grounds and Cars, by such Writing, and in such Manner, as herein-before is directed and mentioned; and shall pay and apply, or order to be paid and applied such Excess, when paid or raised as aforesaid, in or towards paying and refunding to such other of the Proprietors in the said Low Grounds and Cars, such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall have respectively p. id, or have raised upon their said respective Estates, by or in pursuance of the Methods herein before prescribed, over and above what their respective Quotas and Proportions, to be taxed and a lie fled by the said Commissioners, or the major Pa:t of them, as aforesaid, shall amount unto; and the Remainder of every such Excess (if any shall be) shall be applied towards the repairing the Works then made for the Pu pose of the said general Drainage, cr making and repairing such other new Works as shall be thought necessary for that Purpose; and in case the Excesses aforesaid shall not be sufficient to refund the said Proprietors, or any of them, what they shall have overpaid as aforesaid, then such Deficiencies shall be made good to them out of the next Rates and Afldlments to be made by virtue of this Act.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Award or Instrument in Writing, containing the Awar<J (con-Arrangements and Taxation of the said Low Grounds and Cars, and the Quota to be borne by the retaining Arrange* spective Commons, being ingrossed on Parchment, and signed and sealed as aforesaid, shall be kept by meat* and Tax-the Clerk to the said Trustees, along with the Hook or Books of the Orders and Proceedings of the said #tion) bc Trustees under this Act; and shall also be inrolled at the publick Regiller Office for the said E aft Rid- ilfo

ing of the said County of York, as a Rule or Precedent of Proportion for all future Taxations to be t,einrolled in tKe made and raised pursuant to this Act; and the said Register, or his Deputy for the Time being, is and publick Reefer are hereby required to inroll the said Award in the proper Book for inrolling of Bargains and Sales, a Office, true Copy of which Inrolment, or any Part thereof, under the Hand of the said Register, o^ his Deputy, shall be allowed as Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity, and the said Register, or his Deputy, shall be mtitled to such Fees for such Inrolment, and Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, as are allowed to the said Register for inrolling any Bargain and Sale, and Copy thereof, or Part thereof; and the said Register and his Deputy shall permit and Ajffer any Person whatsoever, from Time to Time, and at all Times within the Office Houj s of Attendance, to peruse and inspect the Inrolment of the said Award at the said publick Office, paying to the said Register, or his Deputy, for every such Perusal or Inspection, One bhilling, and no more.

LXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Tru- TmfWaemty ftces, or any Seven of them, by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be delivered to the Clerk and fp«a Commifli-Treasurer of the said Commissioners, or left at their last respective Places of Abode, to require the said oner’t Account; Commissioners, Once in every Year, during the Continuance of their said Trust, and also Once after °.n any their said Tiuft shall be determined, to produce, at a Meeting of the said Trustees, to be held at a Time and Place to be specified in such Notice, (which Time shall not be less than Three Weeks after the*

Delivery of such Notice) the Accounts of all the Money which shall at and before the'l ime of every such Meeting respectively have been received, paid, and expended, by the said Commissioners, or any of them, on the separate and distinct Accounts of the said Drainage and Navigation, with the Vouchers for the same (except as to such (‘mail Payments for which Vouchers are not usually required); and the Clcik or Treasurer of the said Commissioners, receiving any such Notice as aforesaid, signed by such Trustees, shall forthwith communicate the same to all the said Commissioners, who shall thereupon, and are hereby required to produce such Accounts and Vouchers at every such Meeting of the said Tru-ftees held for that Purpose, and to give the Trustees assembled at such Meeting all the reasonable Satisfaction in their Power, as well concerning the Particulars of such Accounts, as concerning the due Execution of the several Trusts reposed in the said Commissioners by this Act; and in case the said Commissioners,

476 C. 37.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Tates may be

laid to maintain Works, &c.

or any of them, shall refuse, or wilfully neglect to produce such Accounts and Vouchers as aforesaid before the said Trustees, or any Seven of them, at any such Meeting held for that Purpose in pursuance of such Notice aforesaid, or to answer to any reasonable Questions proposed to them by any of the said Trustees, at such Meeting, concerning the due Execution of the said Trusts, or any of them, or shall not answer any such Question or Questions to the Satisfaction of the major Part of the Trustees present at such Meeting, it shall and may be lawful to and for the major Part of such Trustees foaflembled, to cause Notice to be given in the said York Courant, or other such publick Newspaper as aforesaid, for a General Meeting of the said Trustees, to be held at a Time and Place to be prefixed in such Notice, Ten Days at lead before the Time of such Meeting; and also to cause a Summons in Writing, under the Hands of such major Part of the said Trustees so assembled as aforesaid, to be delivered to or left at the last Place of Abode of any such Commissioner or Commissioners so refusing or wilfully neglecting as aforesaid, whereby such Commissioner or Commissioners shall be required to attend at such General Meeting of the said Trustees, to shew Cause why he or they should not be amoved from being a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Execution of this Act; and in case a sufficient Number of Trustees shall not appear at the Time and Place to be expressed in such Notice, then another like Notice for such General Meeting of the said Trustees, and a like Summons to such Commissioner or Commissioners, to attend at such General Meeting, shall be delivered or left as aforesaid, and so, from Time to Time, until such General Meeting of Trustees shall be held in pursuance of such Notice; and in case such Commissioner or Commissioners so to be summoned as aforesaid shall not attend at such General Meeting ofihe said Trustees, in pursuance of such Summons, or shall not justifa his or their Conduct in the Execution of the Trusts reposed in him or them by this Act, to the Satisfaction of the major Part of the Trustees so assembled at such Meeting, or the major Part of them, may*, if they think fit, amove such Commissioner or Commissioners from his or their Office and Trust reposed in him or them by this Act, and feme other fit Person or Persons may be nominated as a Commissioner or Commissioners, in the Manner herein-before directed, in the Room of the Commissioner or Commissioners who shall be so amoved as aforesaid.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, and their Successors, or any Seven or more of them, shall have Power and Authority, and they are hereby required to raise, from Time to Time, upon the Lands and Grounds occupied and enjoyed in Severalty, such annual Sum or Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Purpose of maintaining and repairing all and" every the several and respective Works of Drainage which shall be then made and perfected, and for Payment of Salaries of Officers, and all other incidental Expences attending the said Drainage, by all such Ways and Means as the said Commissioners are herein-before authorised to raise the same, by and according to the Arrangement herein-before directed, so as the Sum or Sums of Money so to be raised by the said Trustees, or their Successors, shall not exceed, in any One Year, the Sum of Five Shillings per Acre of the Lands and Grounds so to be taxed and assessed; and also, from Time to Time, to tax the several and respective Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, subject to Rights of Common, with such annual Sum or Sums of Money as they shall find necessary for the Purposes aforesaid; to be raised in the Manner herein-before prescribed, as the Mode of raising the Money to be charged on such Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, subject to Rights of Common, by the said Commissioners, so as such Sum or Sums of Money so to be raised by the said Trustees shall not exceed, in any One Year, the Sum of Five Shillings/><?r Acre; any Thing herein-before contained to the Contrary notwithstanding^ |>ow«r for further

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That, in case the Money already subscribed for the Purpose of effecting and perfecting the said intended Navigation shall be found insufficient for the completing and maintaining the said navigable Canal, and the several Works hereby authorised to be made for the Uses 2nd Purposes of the said intended Navigation, and all necdTary Charges and Expences relating thereto mr then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the present Subscribers to the said Undertaking to raise and contribute among themselves, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, any farther or other Sum of Money, for completing and perfecting the said Navigation; and every Subscriber towards raising such farther or other Sum or Sums of Money, shall (land interested in all the said Tolls and Rates to be collected as aforesaid, proportionably to the Sum he or she may subscribe thereto, as beneficially, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such farther Sum had been originally subscribed to the said Undertaking; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may be, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, at any Meeting to be by them held in pursuance and for the Purposes of this Act, from Time to Time, to appoint, by Writing under their Hands* such Person or Persons as they shall think fit to be Treasurer or Treasures, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, of the Taxes and Assessments, Rents and Profits of Lands which may be inclosed from the said Commons as aforesaid. Tolls and Rates, respectively granted, or to arise and become due and payable by virtue of this Act, and of any Money which may be raised by Mortgages, or otherwise* as aforesaid, for the several and respective Purposes of this Act, or which may in any Manner belong to the several and respective Funds of the said Drainage and Navigation aforesaid, or either of them* and to assign and appoint to each such Officer their several and respective Charges and Employments, and such Salaries and other Gratuities for performing the same, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall from Time to Time, think proper and reasonable, so as all and every such Trea-fu. er and Treasurers, Collector and Collectors, and Receiver and Receivers, do give Security to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, for the faithful and due Execution of their respective Offices; and such Collector or ColJeftois, Receiver or Receivers, and all other Persons

bubfuipiioa.

Tmflees n\*y appoint Offi-4C1S, &S.

A.D. 177a. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 37. 477

who shall receive any Money by virtue of this Act, shall, from Time to Time, and at all such Times as he or they shall be required by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, pay, or cause to be paid, into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Tfu-flees for the Time being, all and every Sum and Sums of Money which he and they shall respectively have received by virtue of this Act; and the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, may also, by Writing under their Hands, appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officer or Officers, as they shall think fit to employ in the Execution of this Act, with such Salaries or other Gratuities as they shall, from Time to Time, think reasonable; and it is hereby expressly directed, that the Salaries or other Gratuities so to be assigned or appointed to or for every such Treasurer, Collector*

Receiver, Clerk, Surveyor or other Officer, for or in respect of the said Drainage, be, from Time to Time, paid by and out of the separate and distinct Fund hereby appropriated for such Drainage, and the Salaries, or other Gratuities, so to be assigned ®r appointed to or for every such Treasurer, Collector, Receiver, Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer, for or in respect of such Navigation, be, from Time to Time, paid, by and out of the separate and distindfc Funds hereby appropriated for such Navigation; and that any such Treasurer, Collector, Receiver, Clerk, Surveyor, or other such Officer so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be, from Time to Time, removeable by the said Trustees, or any Seven of them, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Treasurer or Treasurers respectively, shall provide Separate Fork* One or more Book or Books of Account for the Purpose of keeping the Accounts relative to the said to be Acv

intended Drainage, and One or more Book or Books of Accounts for the Purposes of keeping the Accounts relative to the said intended Navigation; and shall fairly, in the proper Book or Books so to be provided, enter an Account of al] Monies by him or them received and disbursed for or in respect of such several Purposes respectively, specifying the Times when, and the Persons from and to whom such Monies respectively shall be received and disbursed, and on what Occasions, and for what Purposes and *ach such Book, or a true Copy thereof, signed by the said Treasurer or Treasurers, together with the Vouchers for such Disbursements, and also all Books and Papers in his or their Custody relating to £ the Execution of this Act, shall be produced to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, at their annual General Meeting, to be held as aforesaid; and also at any other of their Meetings, when the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall require the same; and also shall be produced to the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting of the said Trustees, when the same shall be by them required; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers, shall also verify the said Account or Accounts upon Oath, if thereunto required of them by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any such of their Meetings as aforesaid 5 (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, at any such Meeting, are hereby impowered to administer); and the said Trustees, or any Seven of them, are hereby authorised to give such Treasurer or Treasurers a Discharge for all such Monies as shall appear to them to have been truly accounted for 5 the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall also at such Time or Times, as they shall think proper, summon before them, and, if they think fit, examine upon Oath (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) all or any such Collectors, receiver?. Clerks,

Surveyors, and Persons employed in or intrusted with the Receipt or Expenditure of any of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, and all Collectors, Receivers, Clerks, Surveyors, and Persons employed in or intrusted as aforesaid respectively, shall attend the said Commissioners and Trustees at any of their Meetings, when their Attendance respectively shall be required, and shall render to the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, whensoever they be thereunto required, a true and perfect Account in Writing of all Monies so by them respectively received and paid, with the Vouchers for such Payments, and also all Books and Papers in their Custody relating to the Execution of this Act: And in case any such Treasurer, Collector, or Receiver, Clerk or Clerks, or other Officer or Person, shall be found in Arrear, or refuse to account or to pay the Money remaining in his Hands, according to the Directions of the said Commissions, or the major Part of them, or of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them respectively, according to the several Powers and Authoritites given to them by this Act, or shall not, after Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing, signed by any Seven or more of the said Trustees, and personally serv.d upon him or them, or left at his or their last Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to attend the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, at any of their Meetings, and the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at such Time and Place as shall be specified in such Notice, having no reasonable Excuse for such Non-attendance, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and shall not, at such Time and Place, produce and deliver up to the Trustees assembled at such Time and Place, or as and to whom they shall direct, all such Books of Account, and other Books, Papers, and Writings whatsoever, as shall be in his or their Custody or Power, concerning or anywise relating to the Office, vffiich any such Person or Persons shall then hold by virtue of this Act; in every such Case, it shall be law- £enalfy on of* ful for any Justice of the Peace acting for the said East Riding of the said County of York, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit every such Officer and Person so offending to the Common ua D*' Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall have truly accounted with the said Truf-tecs, or any Seven or more of them, and shall have paid to them, or to such Pei foil or Persons as they shall direct, all the Money which shall be due and owing on the Balance of such Account, by such Officer or other Person so offending, and also shall have delivered up to the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they dial direct, all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or compounded with or satisfied the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them,

478 CL 37. Anno duodecimo' GEORGII III. A.D. 1772

(which Conipofitidnthe said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to make*

as they shall see cause).

Maifaj to give

LXIX. And, for the more easy coliefling the said Tolls/ be it further enacted, That every Per-an Account in son having the Charge of any Boat or Vessel, passing on the said Cut or Canal, shall give a true Re-Writing of their port or Account in Writing, to the best of his Knowledge, signed by himself, to the Collector or Col-Coo*. Jestors of such Tolls, and at such Place or Places as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, or the Weight, Quantity, and Number of the Goods, Wares, Merchant clifcs, and Commodities, which shall be in, or belonging to such Boat or Vessel, and also of the Weighty Quantity, or Number of such Goods. Wares, Merchandises, and Commodities, as shall have been discharged or taken out of such Boat or Vessel, before the Arrival thereof at the Place where such Account or Report is to be given, and also of the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners thereof; and in failure of giving such Account or Report, or in case a false Account or Report shall be given, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two Pounds, over and above the Payment of such Tolls j and if any Difference shall arise between any Collector of the said Tolls and the Person having Charge of any Boat or Vessel, or the Owner of any Goods, Wares, Merchandises, or Commodities, or Persons afling in his or their Behalf, concerning the Weight, Quantity, or Number of the same, it shall be lawful for any such Collector, to flop and detain any such Boat or Vessel, and to weigh, measure, or gauge, or cause to be weighed*- measured, or gauged, all or any Part of such Goods, Wares, Merchandises, and Commodities; and in case the same shall appear to be of a greater Weight, Quantity, or Number, than fi^ch Person declared the same to be of, in every such Case, such Person shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, mea-furing, or gauging; all which said Costs and Charges, upon Refusal of Payment thereof on Demand, shall and may be recove red as the said Tolls and Rates are appointed by this Act to be recovered: But if any such Goods, Wares, Merchandises, or Commodities, shall appear to be of no greater Weight, Quantity or Number, than such Person declared the same to be of, then such Person shall pay such Costs and Charges, and shall also pay to such Person, or to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares, Merchandises, and Commodities, One Shilling for every Hour that such Boat or Vessel (balfe be so detained; and in default of immediate Payment thereof, the same shall be levied by Distress ano Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace afling for the said Euft Riding of the County of York, rendering the Overplus, (if any be), to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels: And the said rudees, or any Seven or more of them, may, if they think fit, out of the Money to be raised by the said Tolls and Rates by virtue of this Act, reimburse the said Collectors the Monies so paid by, or levied upon them, for the Detention of any such Boat or Vessel, but shall not be compellable so to do.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons authorised determined by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to measure any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel passing upon the said Cut or Canal, by putting Weights into the same, and to set Figures or^Marks at each End of every such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, on the Outside thereof, shewing how far every Ton Weight of Lading put into such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, will fink the same, and also, from Time to Time, as they shall feeOccasion, remeasure and mark again such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel; and if the Owner, Mailer, or any otr.er Person or rer-fons, shall refuse to permit, or shall obstruct the weighing, measuring, and marking of any such

Foar, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay

the Sum of Forty Shillings; or if any Owner, Mailer, or other Person, shall alier or deface such Figures or Marks, or shall suffer the lame to be altered or defaced, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; to be recovered, levied, and applied, in such Manner as other Forfeitures and Penalties are directed by this Act to be recovered, levied, and aj plied.

Matters of Vef- LXXI. And, for the beter preventing of Damages cr Mischiefs that may be done or committed by fwcra°b!^fort)a- any ru^c or disorderly Persons, towing, navigating, or managing any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other rn'ges (fonTby " Vciiil, within the Limits of the said intended Navigation; and to the End that the Owners and Ma-

*hcirC. 4 fters thereof may be more careful therein/ be it further enacted, That the Mailer or Owner of every

Boar, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, which shall pass up or go down the said Cut or Canal, shall be, and is hereby made answerable for, and shall make good any Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, that (bad be done by his, her, or their Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, or by any Boatmen, Bargemen, or Watermen, or by any of the Crew thereof belonging to, or employed in, or about the same respectively, or by hi*, her, or their Servants or Horses, unto any of the Bridges, Locks, Staunches, Dams, Sluices, or other Works, which shall be in, upon, or near the said navigable Canal, or by loading or unloading any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vefil), and also, for any Trespass o:* Damage which shall be made or done to the Owners or Poifdlois of any Buildings or Ereflicns, upon or near the navigable Canal, which now are or shall hereafter be eiefled and set up, or to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or " any Crop on the Ground adjoining to the same, or any of them, other than is provided for and autho-

1*1 fed by this Act; and if any such Damage, Spoil, or Mischief shall be done to any of the said Bridges, Locks, Staunches, Dams, Sluices, Cuts, Banks, or other Works, cr by loading or unloading such Boats, Barges, Lighters, or other VdTels, the same Hi a i be inquired into, anO determined by any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the said Fail Riding of the County of York. who are Ik < by author ifed and required, upon Complaint or Information made before them, to summon such Boatmaflers, Bargemasters, or Owners, to appear before them, and upon his, her, or their Appearance, or making Default to appear,

Boats shall be sieafurrd and marked.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 37. 479

(Proof being made upon Oath before such Justices that the Party neglecting to appear was personally served with such Summons, or that the same was left for him, her, or them, at his, her or their usual Place of Abode), such Justices shall proceed to examine into the Truth of the said Co nplaint or Information, and, upon Conviction of the Party complained of, or Proof upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall award and order such Sum of Money to be paid by such Boat-matters, Bargemasters, or Owners, as a Recompence for the said Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, lc> done as aforesaid, as the said Justices shall think proper, not exceeding Treble the Amount or Value of such

Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, to be paid to the rarty or Parties aggrieved; and in case of Non-piyment of such Sum o!' Money so awarded and ordered for the Space of Six Days, the said Justices are h.-reby authorised and required to levy the fume by Distress and Sale of the Boats, Barges, Lighters, Vessels, or other Goods and Chattels, of such Boatmatter, Bargemaster, or Owner, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, rendering to the Owner the Overplus, (if any be), after the said Penalty, together with the reasonable Charges of such information and Conviction, Distress and Sale, shall have been firtt’satisfied and paid.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Boatman, Bargeman, Lighterman, Waterman, or Roatmra ob» other Person, having the Care or Management of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, navigating ftiuckmgPrf-or working the same, shall lay such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, so as to obstruct the Pafftge to# of other Boats, Barges, Lighters, or other Vessels, and shall not upon Request immediately remove the10 en fame, or shall by any Means hinder the opening or (hutting of any of the said Locks or Slukes, such x Person or Persons offending as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings; to be recovered unon Conviction before any Justice of the Peace for the said East Riding of the County of York, by the Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Conftflion of the Party or Parties, offending, by Distress and Sale of such Boat,

‘ Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, or any of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice before whom such Offender or Often lers shall be convicted, rendering the Overplus (if any) after the reasonable Charges of such Information, Conviction, Distress, and bale first deduced, to such Offender or Offenders; and for want of sufficient Distress* such Offender or Offenders shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, be committed to the House of Correction^ there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, nor less than Ten Days.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, shall hap-Vessidi funfct* pen to be sunk in such navigable Canal, and the Owner or Person having the Command or Rulebc weigh* thereof, shall not, as soon as may be, weigh or draw up the same again, and hale the same out of the Way of other Boats, Barges, Lighters, or other Vessels, passing and repastine upon the said Navigation, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer of, or other Person acting by the Authority or Command of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to cause such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, to be weighed or drawn up, and to detain and keep such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, until Payment shall be made of all Expences and Damages to be occassioned thereby: And if such Payment be not made within Twenty-one Days after such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, shall be weighed or drawn up; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, by Order in Writing from the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, (which Older the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are in any such Case impowered to make), to sell the same^ for reimborfing the said Expences, Damages, and other incident Charges, rendering the Overplus, (if any be), when demanded, to the Owner or Master of such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel.

LXXIV. And, to the End that the Owners, Masters, or Proprietors having the Rule of any Vef- Maffcri to fcave fel navigating within the Limits of the said intended navigable Canal, may be better known,* be it their Name', on further enacted, That every Owner, Master, or Person having the Rule, Command, or Property, 2"*flJeafBow*-of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Veil'd, passing upon the said navigable Canal, shall cause his or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, at full Length, to be placed and set in large Capital Letters, Six Inches Jong at the least, and broad in Proportion, on the upper Part of the Bow, on both Sides of every such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, and painted White, so that pcn*r,i« for the same shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times, be plain and legible: And in case any such omitting Namrv, Owner, flatter, or Person, having the Command or Rule of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other or leaving open Vessel, passing upon the said navigable Canal, shall not at all Times have his, her, or their Name and Place of Abode, (o set and placed as aforesaid; or in case such Owner, Master, or Person, having w the Command or Rule of any Boat, B irge. Lighter, or other Veil'd, passing on the said navigable Canal, into or through any of the Shiiccs or Locks upon the said navigable (J^nal, shall wilfully set or leave open any of the Gates, Doors, or Cloughs, belonging to the said Sluices or Locks, whereby the Water of the said navigable Canal shall run watte; then, and in every of the said cases, every such Owner, Matter, or Person, so negWting or offending, on Conviction before any Justice of the Peace, a$ing for the said Ball Riding of the County of York* by the Oath or Oaths ot One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and p;ty any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings; to be recovered and levied by Dillrcfs and Sale of such Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hind and Seal of such Jutiico; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall, by Warrant under the HanJ and Seal of such.

Justice, be committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Lboar for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, nor less than Twenty Days, or until such Penalty shall be piiJ*

or other wise compounded for; which Compofuion the said ruttecs, or any Seven, or more of them, are hereby impowered to make,

4$0 C. 37.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Navigation free*

Tolls exempt from Taxes.

Peniftiment mi Persons Breaking Locks.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said intended Navigation, and the Works* Towing-paths, and Haling-ways, hereby authorised to be made and set out, shall be free for the use of all Persons, and their Boats. VcrTCs, and Horses, upon Payment of such Tolls and Rates, as shall be appointed to be taken by VJrtife of this Act; and that all Taxes, Tolls, Rates, and Duties, to be raisei by virtue of this Act, shall at all Times hereafter be exempted from the Payment of any Taxes, Rates* Assessments, or Impositions, whatsoever; any Law or Statute to the Contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVI. And, for preventing the breaking of Locks or Gates, or damaging any of the Works which shall be erected in pursuance of this Act,* be it enacted, That if any Matter or Owner of any Vetter, or any other Person or Persons, shall wilfully and maliciously break any Locks or Gates, or Cut, break down, damage, or destroy, any Banks or other Works to be erected or made in pursuance of this Act, such Offender or Offenders shall be judged guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in case of hclony; and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority to transport such Felon for the Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

GomrnifTS»ner*or

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, at smake*efliu-i. any their Meetings during the Continuance of their Authority as aforesaid, and when the Autho-ye" rity of the said Commissioners shall be determined, then and from thenceforth the said Trulbes, or any Seven or more of them, at any of their Meetings (Notice being firtt given of the Intention of such Meetings in the said weekly Newspaper called The York Courn/ity or other Newspaper as aforesaid. Twenty-one Days before such Meeting) shall, from Time to Time, have full Power and Authority to make Bye-laws, Orders, and Constitucions touching the Cuts, Drains, Sewers, Banks, Cloughs, En-

fines, and other Works now in being, or to be made and constructed by virtue of this Act for the ’urpose of the said Drainage, and for the preserving, repairing, and keeping the same in Order, and for the good and orderly using of the said Navigation, and for the well-governing of the Bargemen, Wa» termen, and Boatmen, who shall convey or carry any Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, on any Part of the said navigable Canal, and to impose and inflidi reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon those who shall violate such Bye-laws, Orders, or Constitutions, so as no such Fine or Forfeiture shall ex-oeed the Sum of Forty Shillings on any One Person for any One Off ence; such Fine or Forfeiture to be levied and recovered in such Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be levied and recovered \ which said Bye-laws, Orders, and Constitutions, being put in Writing under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners or Triillecs respectively making the same, shall he binding to, and be observed by, all Parties, and shall be fuflkient in any Courts of Law or Equity, to justify all Persons who shall act in purluaincc thereof, either in punishing such Persons as shall difo-bey the same, or in levying any Penalty or Forfeiture thereby incurred; but any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by ar.v Older or Judgment made or given by or in pursuance of any such Bye-law, Order, or Coniiituiion, may, within Six Calendar Months after Luch Order or Judgment shall be m>.de or given, complain to the Justice of the Peace at the General or Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the said Fait Riding of the County of York, who shall, in a summary Way, either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General or Quarter Sessions, or if they shall think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said Riding; and if they fee Cause, mitigate or discharge such Forfeitures or Punishment, and may order any Money, or Part thereof, to be returned, which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Bye-law, Order, or Constitution; and may also order further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, and also such Coils to either of the Parties, as they shall judge reasonable; but no Justjcc of the Peace shall act or vote in the hearing or determining of any such Complaint, whose Hand and Seal, as a Commissioner, shall appear to have been set to the said Bye-law* Order, or Constitution, which occasioned such Complaint.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bye-laws, Orders, Constitutions, and Proceedings* as well of the said Commissioners as of the said Trustees, made in pursuance of this Act, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Bye-laws, Orders, Constitutions, and Pro-cecdings, when entered, shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, or by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them respectively, and their Clerk or Clerks attending the said Commissioners or Trustees respectively, isand are hereby required to set his or their Name or Names as a Witness or WitnessVs thereto; and such Bye-laws, Oiders, Constitutions, and Proceedings, so signed and attested, shall be deemed and taken to be original Bye-laws, Orders, Constitutions, and Proceedings, and shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Caules of Appeal, Suits, Actions, or other Proceedings, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and such Book or Books shall and may be seen and perused, at all fealonable Times, without any Fee or Reward, and Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, may be taken by any Person or Persons, paying the said Clerk or Clerks Twopence for every One hundred Words.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Order which shall be made by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, and shall be entered in their Book as Standing Orders, nor any Order which shall be made by the Lid Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, by virtue and under the Authority of this Act, at any of the Meetings, shall be altered, reversed, annulled, or made void, at any subsequent Meeting, unltTs Nine or more of the said Trustees, present at such Meeting, be consenting thereto, nor unless Twenty-one Days Notice be pjbliflud in The York Courauty or other News-nnper, as afo refold*

Bye-laws to be cnicied in a Jioik*

may be read Jfl Evidence.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 37. 481

LXXX. Ami it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all the pecuniary Fines, Penalties, and P«nahi«, &c.

Forfeitures, hereby inflicted or authorised to be imposed, the Recovery whereof is not herein-before di- reeled, shall he recovered determined by Distress and Sale of the Offender’* Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or00^ Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Justice oc Justices of the Peace for the said E:tft Riding of the County of Yonf, who is and are hereby impowered and authorised to 2ct in the Premises; and also to hear and determine all other Complaints hereby referred to and made cognizable by any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, and to iflV-c such Warrant and Warrants aa is and are hereby required or necessary to be granted or iiiucd by any Justice or Justices of the Peace for any of the Purposes in this Act contained: Anri in case furTieient Distress shall not he found, it shall be lawful for any such Justice to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Mouse of Correction, th?«e to remain without Hail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until the Penalty shall be paid or otherwise compounded for; which Compoution the kid Trustees, cr rny Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered t make: And that all such Fines, Penalties, and Foiftit-ircs, and Corrpofuion-rnonies, nr any Part or Parts thereof, which are not hereinbefore directed to be applied* shall be paid inro the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said TrinLes, and applied for the Purpolls of Drainage and Navigation respectively.

LXXXL. And be it further enacted, That all Pci Tons who shall think themselves aggrieved by the Pfr n*

Order or Judgment of any Justice or Justices of the Peace upon account of any Offence committed,’or suppofvJ to be committed, against this Act, or any Penalties to be levied by virtue thereof, may appeal gonl, * e~ to the Justices of the Peace for the said East Riding of the County of York* at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the Jhid Riding after the Cnufe of such Appeal fb !l happen, the Person or Persons so appealing first entering into a Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices to prosecute fuc h Appeal with Ffreest, and to pay the Colt* winch shall be ascertained by the said Justices in the said General or Quarter Sessions, in call? such Order and Judgment shall be aflirnud; and the said Justices, in their said General or Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine such Appeal, and give such Colts to either Party as they shall think reason.ible, and to make such Order therein as to them shall appear just; which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or immoveable by any Writ of Certiorariy or otherwise, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at We}min(lsr% or elsewhere,

FXXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or other Proceeding to be made or had by pr Proceeding* not before ary Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of the Powers by this Act granted, shall be quashed * for or vacate ! for wint of Form only. want of Form.

LXXXIII. Provided always, That no Warrant, Mortgage, AflLnment, Transfer, or other Writing Exemption from whatsoever, to be made or written in pmfuance of or relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of StarnP dul,e* this Asst, shall be subject to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought ^,tIt,on or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of A lon* this Act, or in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities, or the Orders or Directions herein-before given or granted, every such Action, Suit, or Information shall he commenced and brought within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and no: afterwards, and shall be tried by a Jury of the County of YorL\ and not elsewhere; and the Person or Persons so sued or prosecuted shall Gcneni Issue. or may plead the General Issue; 2nd if in Replevin, may justify and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of CommiflDner; of Sewers are enabled to do, and’ give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same (other than as aforesaid), at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the lame, or shall be brought down to be tried in &ny other County, except the County -of York, then the Jury shall tind for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avow-ants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit.d, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Suits, or if any Verdict shall pass, or Judgment be given against him, her, or them upan Demurrer, or otherwise; then, and in any of the said cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, r shall iecover Trelfte Costs; for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as when Costs are re c 0 award d in other Cases by Law.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress kself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Damage.

Party or Patties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any DefevSt or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shill the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ah initio, on account of > any Irrcguiarity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aegfttved by such Irreguhuity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in any Action upon the Case.

LXXX

VI. And be it further enacted, That Accounts of all Monies which shall be received, raised. Account* to bt and borrowed by virtue of this Act, and of the Expenditure of such Monies respectively; and also all Debts, Contracts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, or of the said Trustees in the Execution of or relating to this Act, shall be, from Time to Time, regularly and fairly entered in proper Hooks, to be kept for that Purpose; and such Entries being ligned by the major Part of the said Commissioners, or by Seven or more of the said Trustees, and atulted by the Clerk to the said Commissioners,

48* C. 38. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

sioners, or Trustees respectively, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be admitted to be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

SavtagCJauTc.

LXXXVII. And be it further enm&ed, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice the Rights of any Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, so that the Exercise of such Rights shall not - A interfere with or interrupt the Execution of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act j and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other publick Passages and Places, within the ParUh of Chrifi Church, in Middlesex *r and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish.

Preamble* WHEREAS the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, and other publick € Passages and Places within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, are not properly paved, nor sufficiently clean fed, and are in general greatly obstructed by sundry Nuisances: And whereas it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of, and to all Persons resorting to, the said Parish, if Powers were given to new-pave and to maintain and preserve the Pavements of the said Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, and other Passages and Places, and for cleansing the same; and for removing all Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; And whereas an Act of Parliament was passed in the AS it Geo. II. Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for lighting the Streets, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish: And whereas it would be convenient to have the Provisions for those Purposes included in an Act with the Provisions for the said other Purposes herein-before mentioned: And whereas a Lane called Brick Lane, (feme Parts whereof only are within the said Parish of Christ Church, and the ether Parts in the respective Parishes of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, and Saint Mary Mdtfelony otherwise Whitechapel), is a great Thoroughfare for Carriages, and the only convenient one from the Water-fide, through Whitechapel, to Spitai Fields, Mile End New Towny Bethnal Green, Shoreditch, and Parts adjacent, and being much out of Repair and incommodious, it would be of publick Utility to have the whole of the said Lane properly paved, and cleared of Nuisances and Obstructions; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better enlightening the open Places, Street Sy Lanes, Passages, and Courts, and for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, within the Parish ^ChrilTChurch, in the County of Middlesex, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed. repealed.

ConmifioiKrt.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Lord Folkjlcney Sir George OJhurn Baronet, Sir Robert Ladbroke Knight, Sir Benjamin Truman Knight, the Honourable Henry Lowes Luttrell, Mr. Serjeant Glynn, Granville Wheeler, Hope Wilksy David Wilmoty George Keate, Samuel Whitbread, John Patterson, Clrjlotker Haley Richard Rufelly Charles Booth, Thomas Philips, Edward Hawkins, Esquires; the Reverend John Prichard Rector, and the Rector of the said Parish for the Time being; William Neale and William /^//^Churchwardens, and the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being; John Bakery John Spiller, Charles Merry, Thomas Tri^uety Guy Bryany John Baker junior, Esquires; Richard Picesy Thomas Hand ifydiy Peter Saubergucy Daniel Lardanty Richard Hewetty Isaac Dufrefy Da* vid Delavtally Alexander Chrifheyjohn Fremont fen ior, Nicholas Jourdainy John Thornton, Francis Chilly William Divertieyjohn Scholeck, James Turner, James Duthoity Robert Lumy Samuel Ireland, Francis Rancty Joseph Lindsey, Thomas Kinlyfidey Rupert Musgrave, David Thompson, Peter Ouvry, Daniel AshUy, James Ouvry, Christopher Pritchard, John Sabatier, Daniel Rojlotham, John Duplexy Thomas Vine, John Horton, John Sugary Thomas Lcachmany William Wolv$ridge, and James Mercerony Gentlemen; shall be, and they Commissionen. are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, lor Brick Lane

III. Provided always, That the said John Horton, John Sugary Thomas Leachmany William Wolveridge, oly* and James Mercerony and their Successors, to be chose in Manner herein after mentioned, being Pro-

prietors of Estates in Brick Lane, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be Commissioners for the Purpose of paving and rating that Part of Brick Lane which lies within the Parish of Saint Matthew, Comrt»fltoncu jBethnal Green, only, and to or for no other Purpose whatsoever,

kbw to bt «l«4i- jy. And be it further enacted, That when any Commissioner herein named, or who shall be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall die, or icfufe or neglect to act for the Space of Twelve Months, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect another Person, being a Resident Proprietor, or a Vestry-rnan of the said Parish, and not otherwise, to be a Commissioner in the Room of the Commissione/fo dying or refusing to act, Ten Days previous Notice of the Time and Place of fleeting for every such

A.D. 177a. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 38. 483

Election being given* by affixing the same in Writing upon the principal Door of the said Parifa Church of Chn/i Church; and all Persons who shall be so elected, are hereby veiled with the same Powers and Authorities as the Commissioners herein named are veiled with.

V. Provided al.ways, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Com- Verhn to hz

missioner in the Execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Place or Profit under the a CommUTicner fame, or have any Share or Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution of any of the Powers he hold* a of this Act, or shall sell Ale, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail; but such Commissioners as are Pkce ®f Profit. Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or for the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of Lon- '^contr^a; don. may, nevertheless, a ft as Justices in the Execution of this Act, except in such Cases where they but justice may* shall be personally interested: And in all Cases where Cognizance is given by this Act to any Justice a£ as such , un-or Justices of the Peace, it shall be lawful for such Justice and Justices to administer an Oath to any lef^whenper-Person or Persons, for more certain Information in the Matter depending: And in all Cases where the »otcte*« Commissioners are authorised or impowered to bring or institute Actions at Law, the same shall and

may be brought or instituted in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers appointed by vir- minister Oatj&a tue of this Act. when necessuy,

VI. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Com- q

missioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall then be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents, I(Tues, or Profits of Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or shall be Heir-apparent

to some Person having such Estate of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be possessed of a personal Estate to the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds: And if any Person not being

so qualified, or being rendered incapable in Manner aforesaid, shall nevertheless prefuir.e to act as a ing ifiLtqiuii-

Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and fed*

pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no

Eflbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted mall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty,

upon Proof given of his having acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to, or Majority atpuk-vested in, the Commissioners hereby constituted as aforesaid, shall and may, from Time to Time, be lick Meeting* to exercised by the major Part of them who shall attend any publick Meeting to be holden as herein-

after mentioned, the Number of the Commissioners present at any such Meeting not being less than Five, (except where a greater Number is declared necessary by this Act); and all the Orders and Pro- Five to be ceedings of the major Part of the Commissioners present at such Meetings shall have the same Force and Effect as if done or made by all the Commissioners constituted by this Act. pointed P

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall meet together in the Vestry-First Meeting of room in the said Parish of Christ Church on the Second Wednesday next after the passing of this Act, Commissionert. between the Hours of Tcivin the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall proceed to the Exe- Power to ad-cution of this Act; and shall then* and from Time to Time, afterwards adjourn themselves to meet

at the same or at any other Place or Places within the said Parish, as such Commissioners shall think proper or convenient for putting this Act in Execution; and of which Adjournment Notice in Writing, or printed, and fiened by the Clerk, shall be given, by affixing the same on the principal Door of the Parish Church Four Days at lead before such intended Meeting: And if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act, and to adjourn to another Day, or in case the said Commissioners assembled shall omit, neglect, or refuse to adjourn themselves; then, and in every such Case, the Cleric shall, and is hereby required to summon the Commissioners to meet within Ten Days after, at the same Place* such Summons to be ligned by trie Clerk, and to be delivered at the lad or usual Place of Abode of such Commissioners as aforesaid, at lead Two Days before such Meeting; and in case the said Clerk shall happen to die before such Summons blued, or shall neglect or omit to issue any such Summons in Manner aforesaid, then the

Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the Commissioners shall and may, and he or they is

and are hereby required to issue such Summons within Eight Days from the Time the said Commissioners Commissioners ought to have been summoned by the Clerk in Manner aforesaid: And the Commissioners to defray their shall at all their Meetings pay their own Expences: But no Act, Order, or Determination, of the said own Kxptntc*.

Commissioners shall be valid unless done or made at a publick Meeting to beheld by virtue of this No Order, &c.

Act, except as herein after is excepted; and all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, of the Commis- v^hdmade sioners shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and ligned by the Chairman at their next Meeting; and such Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, shall then be deemed and taken to be procerdinss to be Originals; and such Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence* and allowed as entered in a stich in all Courts whatsoever, Bcok, and read

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, by Writing under their «Evidence. Hands and Seals, from Time to Time. as they shall find necessary* appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers,

Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, and an Inspector, and such other rc-

Officers for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper; and may, move thou if

from Time to Time, discharge or turn off any or either of them; and out of the Money to be raised occt(f«y.

by virtue of this Act the said Commissioners may appoint such Salaries, and make such Allowances, to

such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed in the Execution of

this Act* as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and they shall take such Security for the Officfrf (e iye

484 C. 38.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 177 2*

Execution of the respective Offices by such Persons as aforesaid as the said Commissioners fllall think Officers to proper j and all such Officers and Persons shall, under their Hands, at such Times, and in such Man-if required, ner> as the said Commissioners shall direct, deliver to them true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies which

fhoil have been by them respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof has been paid and aifbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Com rtifiioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers and Per* Commissioners sons f° accounting as aforesaid shall, upon Oath, if thereunto required, (which Oath the said Comw impowered to missioners are hereby impowered to administer), verify their said Accounts: And if any Officer or Per-administerOaths son shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce to Officers or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make such Payment as aforesaid, or shall not Officersrefufing jcj£ver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they (bill appoint, within Seven Oath^oc^de- a^tcr being thereunto required by Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners*

liver Bookson all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, o? Seven Days No- shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as, upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts, shall tice, or refuting appear to be in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners, or as they shall direct or appoint;

to pay the Ba- ^en, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the said Commissioners may and are hereby authorised and

count,°fu^a to impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, he lut'd, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refuting as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies

that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose of any such Refusa! or Neglect as aforesaid to any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refuting or neglecting shall r have the Mo- be and reside, such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorised and required, by a War-»ey levied on rant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers,

their Goods, Person or Persons, so refuting < r neglecting to be brought before him or them, and upon his or their

appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Wit-nelies upon Oath before such Justice or Justices, it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or received by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of

r ecommi e, QjyJCer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice or Justices may, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, upon the Non-payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hc.nds and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, offending in the Premises respectively: And if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy such Money, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, or in case it shall < ppear to such Justice or Justices by the Confession of the Party so offending, or by the Testi-money of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Officer or Person, and he or they shall refuse to deliver the same as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, such Justice or Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County or Place. where such Offencer shall be and reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give

17111 kc a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the

of M: iiiej, or Comnrfrion wi h (he Com-Tnillioiif rs.

Cornini*ment not ro exceed 6 Months.

Exetun rs and

Hid Commissioners, and shall have paid such Competition in such Manner as they shall appoint; which Competition the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to make, and until he shall deliver up such Books, Pipers, and Writings, as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the Taid Cora-

nissioners.

X. Provided always, That noPerfoh'who shall be committed on account of his having no Goods or Chattels, shall be detained in Prison for any Term nger than Six Calendar Months.

XI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death of any such Treasurer, Collector, Officer, or

Ailigrues to at-other Person, to be appointed as aforesaid, or upon his becoming Bankrupt, before he shall have €0Lnti paid and delivered up all the Monies he shall have received by virtue of this Act, their respective Exe-

other Person or wenty-one Days Account in Writing,

under his, her, or their H ind or Hands, of the Monies collected or received by the Person so deceased* or become Bankrupt for the Purpose of this Act; and shall also deliver all Books, Papers, and Things,

pain anti delivered up an me monies ne man nave received ny virtue or this act, their cutors or Administrators, or the A fig nee or Assignees of his Estate and Effects, or Persons possessing the same, or in whom the same have or hath vested, (nail, within Tv next after such Decease or Bankruptcy, deliver to the ti id Commissioners, an Acco<

ant the M n? 1 rang ms to juen rcrion or i cnons as me laiu Commissioners in their Hands^ fn&ii appoint to receive the same; and such Money, if any due, shall I

to be paid in Administrators, nr Assignee or Assignees respectively, of the Person so deceati

be paid by the Executors or

c paid fctence.

concerning his Office, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, by Writing under their

pai

d or become Bankrupt, iifc Preference to ard before any of his or their other Debts are paid or satisfied; and every Executor or Administrator, Assignee, or other Person or Persons poTcfied of such Effects as aforesaid, may plead such Payment in any Action or Suit that may be brought against him, her, or them, on account of the tiud Estate or Eitefts, or give the same in Evidence: And in c.*fe of Nonpayment of such Monies, or Non-delivery of such Books, Papers, Writings, or Things, by the Space of Ten Days after the same shall be demanded, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to commence, biing, and maintain, an Action or Actions, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wejhninslery against such Executor or

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 38. 485

Administrator, Assignee, or other Person or Persons possessing the Estate and Effects which did belong to such deceased Person or Bankrupt, for Recovery thereof, together with Costs of Suit, or of Damages in lieu of such i ooks, Papers, Writings, and T hings.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be employed by the fail Commission- offices taking

ers, as Clcik, Surveyor, Trea finer, Collector, or any other Officer or Servant, in putting this Act, c*tl> r Fes ihn or any or the Powers herein contained, in Execution, shall exact, take, or accept, determined by any Ways or a’lowcj by th s Means, any Fee or Reward whatsoeser, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards, as

shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of, by the said Commissioners for or on account of any^J"5

I lung done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative to the putting fa, are tJ son'eit this Act in Execution, or shall be by any Ways or Means concerned or interested in any Bargain, xcoU Contract, or Agreement, made, or to be made, by the said Commissioners for any the Purposes of this Act, every such Person so offending shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed under this Act, and shall, over and above, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed, in which no EiToin, Protection, or Wager of Law* or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, as soon as conveniently Cmmlfiionefi may be, after their Fuff Meeting, and from Time to Time afterwards, cause the Streets, Rows, Lanes, rn.*y uuce cer-and Pieces herein after mentioned, within the said PariHi of Christ Church, and no others, except on the ta? >trr ts^5* Terms h-rem-alter mentioned, viz. Riven Ruu, Cri/oin Street, Limb Street, Line Court, Wheeler Street, repaired^ the Faff End or Part or bite Lion Yur-l or Street White R07 u, Oorjet Street, Pater no per Roiu, Red Lion

Street, F'-Jjun Street, Chm eh Street, Wood Street, Princes Street, Berivi s Lane, Lolftvorth Street, Pelham Street, JiJoHtnrve Street, Booth Street, East Street, JiYl Street, North Street, and South Street, or by what other Nr4mes they may have been called or known, and the several Courts, Yards, Alleys, Railages, and Places, opening into, or communicating with the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, and also the whole of Brice Lane, and the several Courts, Yards, Alleys, Railages, and Places, opening into, or communicating with such Fart of Brick Lane as is in the Parish of Chriji Church, whether Foot or Carriage W ay, to be new paved or repaired as they shall think proper; and for such Purposes, may, from Tunc to Time, cause to be dug, carted, and carried away, out of, or brought into the same, or any of them, or any Part or Paits thereof, such Gravel, Stouts, and other Materials, as they shall judye necessary; and may likewise cause the Ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the Courl'e of the Channels running in or through the same to be turned or altered, and the Water-pipes whf. h now lie, or hereafter shall be laid under Ground, to be taken up and new laid, in such Places, Manner and Form, as they shall judge belt; and may cause all or any Polls or Rails in any such Streets, Rows,

Lanes, Railages, or Places, as they shall judge ufckfs, or to be aNuifanceor Obstruction either to Foot Passengers or to Carriages, to be taken away or removed; and likewise all Steps, Bulks, Stalls*

Dunj-holes, Saw-pits, Shew-glasses, Shew-boards, and other Matters and T hings encroaching upon the Footway, as also all Steps and Doors opening or leading from the Foot-way or Carriage-way into Vaults, Cellars, or other Places, to be removed, filled up, or altered, as they the said Commissioners shall judge neccflar-y and expedient, and may employ such Artificers, Workmen, Labourers and others, and may issue Money for the above Purposes, and may do all and every such Acts and T hings fer accomplishing the aforesaid Ends and Deligns, as they shall think necessary, and shall pay for the same Out of the Monies arising by virtue of this act for the Purpose of paving.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obffrmft, hinder, or mol eft, penalty on any Surveyor or other Officer, Workmen, Person or Persons whatsoever, employed by virtue of this f»ructin8 w«k-Act, in the Performance or Execut on of his or their Duty, every such Person lb offending, shall, men.

for the F irft Oftbnce, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Third and eve: y other Offence, the Sum of Three Pounds.

XV'. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall alter, or cause to be altered, the B a!tef-

Form of any Pavement which shall be new mide by virtue of this Act, without the Conibnt of the in? pavrments said Commissioners, or in any wile encroach thereon, or pur up any Puff or Poffs, Step or Steps, or without Onfei* crc£l any Bulks or Stalls, or place out any ^nw-ffailes or Shew-boards, or make any Dung-holeS of Commifli*-or Saw-pits, or other Matters or Things, lb as to be an Encroachment, upon Pain that every Per-en# fot\ so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding F ive Pounds, nor lcfi> than Forty Shillings, over and above the Expences ot relaying and reinstating such Pavement, or taking down such Poffs, Bulks, or Stalls, and removing or altering such Shew-boards, or Suew-glufit.s, or filling up such Dung-noles or Saw-pits, or removing other Nuisances and Obstructions, according to the Direction of such Commissioners,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Householder or Householders, within the refoeflive to be Streets, Rows, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, IMlages, and Places herein-before particularly de- g.vcnwh-nPave. fmhtd and authorised to be paved, shall at any Time make Complaint in Writing, under his, her, menunwi R»* or their Hand or Hands, and shall leave the same at the lass or uiual Place of Abode of the Surveyor P*‘r* or Surveyors to the said Commissioners, Three Days at the Fait before the Meeting of the Commissioners of any Defect or Want of Repair in any of the Pavements within such Streets, Rows, Lanes, or otiur Places respectively, cither before or after the same shall have been new-paved or repaired by virtue of ihi> Av!t *, then, and in every such Case, the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall view the said Pavement, and report the Condition thereof to the said Commissioners at their next Meeting j and if the said Surveyor or Surveyers shall, upon such View, find the Pavement complained of to be bad and

486 C. 38. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

defective, the said Commissioners shall, unless it shall appear to arise from a Defect relating to the Water-pipes lying under the Pavement, give Order to their Contractor or Contractors, ravior or Paviors, to repair the same within such Time as the said Commissioners shall judge necessary for the Jlepair thereof, which Time shall be specified in such Order: And if the Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, to whom such Order shall be given, shall not repair and amend such Pavements, within such Time as he or they shall be directed by the said Commissioners; then, and in every such Case, the said Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for every Day that the said defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired, after the Time limited by the said Commissioners in their said Order, and One Half of every such Penalty shall be applied and paid to such complaining Householder or Householders, for his, her, or their Loss of Time and Trouble, in and about the Premises.

*lf Surveyor*

XVII. Provided always, and it 19 hereby enacted and declared, That if the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall, on any View, be of Opinion, thit the Pavement or Pavements mentioned in such Notice fective%tc.* " or are not ^.*<1 and defective; then and in such Case, the said Commissioners shall forthwith proceed ‘Commissioners to view the said Pavement, and their Opinion and Order concerning the same, after such View, shall to view the Dune, be final and conclusive 3 any Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Ptviort, Carters,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be employed in paving or repairing t£wecTt° Act Pavements> by virtue of this Act, shall, for any Act done in consequence of his or their being so era-0 ployed, be subject or liable to any Action, Indictment, or Information, upon the Statute made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth^ intituled, An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Hujoan dry, and Apprentices.

"Ground may be

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to hire a Piece hired for gettinf or Pieces of Ground for the Purpose of digging Gravel, or lodging Materials or Utensils in, for the Orayel, and Purposes of this Act, for such Time, and for such Sum and Sums of Money as to them shall appear lodging Mate* reasonable, which Money shall be paid out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, for the respective Purposes to which such Ground shall be applied 5 and also to buy or provide such Carts, Commissioners Horses, Teams, or Carriages, as may be necessary for the Purpose of carting inch Gravel, or for cleanly buy Horses, sing the several Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within -flee.forckaafio|> the said Parish of Christ Church, or for any other Purpose directed by this Act; and shall and may hire and employ such Persons, to buy and provide such Materials, and make such Regulations for cleaning die fame, as they in their Discretion shall think proper, and pay for the same in Manner above mentioned j any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstandine.

Materials msy

XX. And be it further enacted, That during the Time any Square, Street, Row, Lane, Court, be lodged in ad- Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place, shall be new-paving or repairing under the Direction of the said Com-Strcc*» missioners, they shall have Power to order the necessary Materials to be lodged in that or any adjoining joiningm^be Street or Place, or Streets or Places, according to their Discretion; as also to flop the Way through any stopped whilst adjacent Square, Street, Row, L^ne, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place, so long as they shall judge having is doing, necessary and all Persons acting under their Direction, as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified from any Prosecution or Action whatsoever, except where such Materials shall be lodged upon or over, or within Six Feet of the Fire Plug or Cock; and no such Materials shall be deposited in or near the End of any Street or Place in such Manner as to prevent the Admission of Fire Engines.

Coimnifiionen

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, may, may con»rad, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to contract with any Person *fc. for paving or Persons, for paving, or keeping in Repair, any such Squares, Streets, Rows, and other Places, and dcanfijig. as shall be appointed to be paved or repaired by virtue of this Act; and also for cleansing all or any of the Squaies, Streets, Rows, Lancs, Courts, Alleys, Yards, Passages, or Places, within the said Parish, or may cause the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be done under their own Direction* which Contract shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Nonperformance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, and also by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works respectively, which Contract shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the Commissioners but previous to the making of any such Contract Fourteen Days Notice, at the least, shall be given in feme publick Newspaper, published within the Bills of Mortality, expressing the Intention of such Contract, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the same, may make Proposals for that Purpose to the said Commissioners, at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned. t0te

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause all and every the t* c Work done in nurfuance of this Act to be inspected by their Inspector, Surveyor or Surveyors, or

by such other Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint; and in case the same shall not be will and sufficiently performed, according to the Intent and Meaning of such Contract or Contracts, or shall not be finished and completed at or within the Time or Times, that the same is or are agreed to be completed by the said Contractor or Contradors, and the said Inspector, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, shall report the same to the said Commissioners at ,their next or any subsequent Meeting, the said Commissioners shall or may bring an Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of l,aw at Westminster again it any Person or Persons so contracting and neglecting to perform, or not duly performing, any such Contract or Contracts, and for any 1 Penalty

A.D. 177*

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 38. 487

Penalty or Penalties which shall be contained therein; and on Proof of the signing of the said Contract or Contracts, and Nonperformance thereof, at the Time or Times, or in Manner therein mentioned, the said Commissioners shall be intiiled to, and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties; which when recovered shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, with respect to the Species of Work for which such respective Contract was made.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any ctomraUIwiwr*. Seven or more of them, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons again (I whom such may compound*. Commissioners shall bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, for any Penalty or Pe-

naltics contained in any such Contract or Contracts, on account of any Breach or Nonperformance thereof, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, so as the Sum so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts, and all Colts, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Autho- Street*, &c. to rity to cause all or any of the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and be watered. Places, within the said Parish, to be watered as often as they shall think (it and for that Purpose to.

cause any Well or Wells to be dug or sunk in such Places (not being a Cellar, Vault, or other Building, under any of the Streets and Places aforesaid) as they shall think proper; and also any Pump or Pumps to be erected in or near such Places; and also to remove or alter any Pumps now (landing, or which shall hereafter be erected for the Purpose of watering the said Squares, Streets,

Rows, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and to defray the Expence thereof out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of Paving.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to W fefc to Time, to cause such and so many Lamps to be set up- in such Places within the said Parish, and

to be placed in such Manner, and at Rich Distances, as they shall judge necessary j and may contract or agree with any Person or Persons for such Lamps, or may find and m-ovide the same themselves, if they think fit; and also may contract or agree with any Person or Persons for the lighting, fop-plying, maintaining, and repairing such Lamps, and specify in such Contract how and where the said Lamps shall be placed, and at what Time, and how long the same shall be and continue lighted and burning, so that they shall be lighted at or before Sun-setting, and continue burning till Sun-rising; and what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to the Person or Persons so to be contracted or agreed with, provided that no such Contract or Agreement shall be for a longer Term than Three Years from the Commencement thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order and Lampdronr direct Lamp-irons to be put or affixed against the Walls of all or any of the foveral Houses or Tene- wjwre wb* ments within the said Parish, or into, upon, or against the Rails before the Area, or in such Man-

ner, and in such other Place, as the said Commissioners shall think proper and convenient; and if penalty 00 any Person or Persons shall wilfully take away, break, throw down, or damage any Lamp that shall bretktofcjrc, be set up by virtue of this Act, or wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the tame, or throw ^own or damage the Irons or other Furniture thereof, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to feiae, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before feme Justice of the Peace of the County of Middlesex% or the Liberty of the Tower of London; and such Justice shall proceed to examine uporv Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear, or be produced to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their Confession, or upon such Information or Evidence as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for each Lamp or Lamp-iron so broken, thrown down*, or damaged, or for every Lamp so extinguished as aforesaid; and moreover shall make full Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them, done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, on Conviction, pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, focK Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the House of Correction for the said County or Liberty, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, nor less than Seven Days, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged’ before the Time for which he, she, or they, shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly or acciden- perioa* accU tally break, throw down, or damage any Lamp or Lamps, hung out or set up by Order of the said dtnialiy Commissioners, or the Irons or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately upon Demand make tog Ump*. to Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto; then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for any One ®"ke Sali*tac# Justice of the Peace in and for the said County or Liberty respectively, upon Complaint to him made tlon*

by any credible Witness or Witnesses, to summon before him the Party or Parties who shall be complained of for doing such Damages as aforesaid; and, upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or Non-appearance of the Party or Parties so complained of, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by Way ot Satisfaction, to the Owner of such Lamp or Lamps, or to the said Commissionerg, as the Case shall be, for such Damages, as such Justice shall think reasonable: and in case of

Neglect

488 C. 3®*

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Fnr buiMing Watch houses and appointing Watchmen.

Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Surtis of Money so awarded within T«n Days after Demaad, to cause the same to be levied as Fines, Penalties* and Forfeitures are by this Act herein after directed to be levied.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have Power to use the present Parish Watch-house. or any future Watch-house that shall be within the said Parish, and may cause, any other Watch-house or Watch-houses, and proper Watch-boxes, to be erected, built, or provided, within the said Parish; and shall and may, yearly and every Year, appoint such Number of Beadles, and of fit and able-bodied Men, as they shall think proper, at any Time, to watch and guard the said Pa-riln, and give and make such Orders, Directions, and Regulations in Writing, from Time to Time, concerning the Manner in which the said Watchmen shall be armed and stationed, and for the due and regular Performance of the said Service, as they the said Commissioners shall judge expedient; and, from Time to Time, may remove any of the said Beadles or Watchmen, and appoint others in their Stead; and out of any Money to be raised by virtue of this Act for the Purposes of cleansing, watching, and lighting, pay the Expencts amnding the building and fitting up such Watch-houses and Watch-boxes, and also the Allowances to such Beadles and Watchmen for their Attendance, and all other necessary Charges and Expences incident to and attending this Service.

Coyif* of Regu-

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That a true Copy or Transcript of all such Orders and Regula-to a Con-l*ons as Time to Time, as aforesaid, for the better Direction and Government of

° Watchmen and Beadles so to be appointed, shall be fairly Written and signed by the said Commissioners, and shall be delivered to the Constable and Headboroughs for the Time being of the said Parish, or their sufficient Deputies, and to every of them; and that from and after the Time of his or their having been sworn into the Office of Headborough, One of the said Headboroughs or Deputies for the Time being of the said Parish, together with One of the said Beadles, shall attend every Night by Turns, and shall keep Watch and Ward within the said Parish, from the Hours of Ten in the Evening till Four the next Morning, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March till the Twenty-ninth Day of September, and from the said Twenty-ninth Day of September till the Twenty-fifth Day of March, from Nine in the Evening till Seven in the Morning; and shall, in their several Turns or Courses of-Watching, use their bell Endeavours to prevent us well all Mischiefs happening by Fires, as all Murders, Burglaries*

' Robberies, and and other Outrages and Disorders, and to that End shall arrell and apprehend all Night-

walkers, Male factors, and suspected Performs, who shall be found wandering and misbehaving themselves, and shall keep them in the Watch-house, or other convenient Place of Security, to be provided and appointed by the said Commissioners within the said Parish, until they can be conveniently carried to One or more JuAice or Justices of the Peace for the said County or Liberty, to be examined and dealt with according to Law; and which said Beadle, or Headborough, or Deputy, shall Twice, or oftener, at convenient Times, in every Night, go about the said Parish, and take Notice whether all the said Watchmen perform their Duties in their several Stations, according to such Orders und Regulations as shall have been made for that Purpose by the said Commissioners; and in case any such Watchman shall misbehave himself, or neglect his Duty, the said Constable, or Head borough, or Deputy, shall, as soon as conveniently may be, give Notice thereof to the Treasurer or Treaimers to the said Commissioners, who is and are hereby authoris’d to suspend such Watchman from the Execution of his Office, and appoint another Person to officiate therein until the next Meeting of the Lid Commissioners, when the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall acquaint the Commissioners assembled at such Meeting with the Complaint against such Watchman, in order for the said Commissioners to proceed to the Examination of the Offence; and such Watchmen shall be subject to and liable to the Penalty of Five Shillings for every such Neglect or Misbehaviour, or be discharged from his fakl Office of Watchman.

XXX. And be it further enacted, Thu if any of the said Headboroughs or Deputies shall wilfully neglect to attend any Night, in his or their T urn, to keep Watch ami Ward, or shall not come to keep Watch or Ward at the resp.Clive Hours appointed determined by this Act for ins a: d their Attendance thereon, or shall depart from or leave keeping Watch and Ward during the respective Hours appointed by this Act for the keeping the same, or shall other wile misbehave himself or themselves against the Duty prescribid to them by this Act; in each and iv.uy of the Lid Cases the Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty bhdlmgs for every such Offence.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Beadles or Watchmen, or any of A blent c of Con- them, (in the Absence of the Constable, or Head borough or Deputy), and they are hereby authorised flaok«, &c. may ang rCqUjrcd, in their several Stations, during the Timeol their keeping Watch and Ward as aforesaid.

Penalty on Headborough*, &c. neglecting Duty.

Watchmen in

wLkti" Sccfa'to ^ppt^’hend all such Ni 'htwalkers, Malefactors,; Rogues, Vagabonds, and other disorderly Persons* whom they shall find disturbing the publick P ace, or have juit Cause to suspect of any evil Designs, and to deliver the Person or PeMons so apprehended, 2s soon as conveniently may be, to the Conltuble or Headborough, or Deputy of the Night, wno is here by required to carry him, her, or them, belore One or more justice or j offices of the Peace for the said County or Liberty, to be examined and dealt with according to Lav/.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Property of the present and future Pavements of the inCommuiien- Streets, Rows, Lands, and Places, to be pmd i y virtue 01 this Act, and of all Watch-houses and CiJ# Boxes, Puffs, Lamps, iron. T imber, Furniture, and all other Materials, Utensils and Things, whicl shall be provided or made use of for any the Purposes of this Act, shall, from and immediately after the pafflr., rf this Acd, be, and the lame is hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, or to prefer and

Property of J*av men

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 3?. 4®

order and direct the preferring of Indictments, against any Person or Persons who shall injure or destroy, flea!, take, or carry away, any, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break up, or otherwise damage jor spoil any of the Works done or carrying on in pursuance of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, every Person so offending therein respectively, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of a Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex^ or Liberty of the Twer ojf London, shall, for the First Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than 1 en Shillings, and for the Second and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings; to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made, which Forfeiture shall be applied to the respective Purposes of this Act: And in case the Person or Persons so offending and convicted shall have no Goods or Chattels whereon the same can be levied; then, and in such Case, such Justice or Justices shall by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Scab, commit such Person or Persons respectively to the House of Correction, there to remain for any Space not exceeding Two Calendar Months, nor less than Ten Days, to be reckoned from the Day of Commitment; and the Person or Persons so committed shall not be discharged until he, she, or they shall have paid the Sum forfeited as aforesaid, or until the Expiration of the said respective Times.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby autho- Old M«teri»U rifed to sell or dispose of all Stones and Posts, and all or any of the Materials which shall belong to foldor the old Pavement, as well of the Carriages of the Foot-ways, to be paved by virtue of this Act, and tt

to apply the Purchas<?-money arising by such Sale to the respective Purposes of this Act; or the said Commissioners may cause the same Stones, Posts, or other Materials to be made use of in any the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause all Trees, Sign-portt, &c. Signs, Sign-posts, Sign-irons, Dyers Racks, Dyers, Scourers, and Barbers Poles, and all Porches*10 bere®0fei-Pent-houses, Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, proj.sting into or over the Highways or Footways, and

all other Encroachments, Projections, or Annoyances whatsoever, within the Streets, Rows, Lanes,

Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, to be naved by virtue of this Act, to be taken dowm and removed; and shall cause all Signs, Boards, and Gutters to be affixed and placed close to or on the Signi, «rc. f ronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings whereunto they respectively belong, or on bo such Part of the said Warehouses or Buildings as the said Commissioners shall think proper and convenient, the Expences w hereof shall l e paid out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act for the Purpose of paving, and shall return to the respective Owners, all or so much of such Signs, Sign-pods,

Poles, Sign-irons, Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, %as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made use of in the Alterations directed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act; and that for the future, all Signs, Sign-irons, Sign-boards, and Gutters, shall be placed and fixed close to or on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings to which they respectively belong, and not otherwise: And if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter hang, place, or erect any Sign, Sign-pod, or other Posts, Sign-iron, Pole, Porch, rent-house. Board, Spour, Gutter, or other Projection, Obstruction, or Annoyance whatsoever, or cause the same to be done contrary to the Directions aforesaid, and the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, and the Sum of Five Pounds for every Week the same shall be continued.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Steps or Slopes pr< jesting into the Foot-ways of the Step?, &c. to be aforesaid Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other publick Passages, and all removed.

Steps and Doors going down out of the Foot-ways into any Cellars, Vaults, or other Places belonging

to any House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, or other Building, which do or shall cause or occasion any Nuisance, Annoyance, Incroachment, or Obstruction, shall be, at the Expence of the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, removed, fixed, placed, or altered, in such Manner and Form as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners, or by their Surveyor, and paid for out of the Money to be raised for the Purpose of paving.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause to be painted, Nam*? of Strreti engraved, or defenbed in Stone or Wood, or otherw ife, and to be affixed in a conspicuous Part of be affixed up.

One or more House or Houses, Building or Building', at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance of each of the aforesaid Squares, Streets, Row's, L^ncs, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Pallujes, and Places, the Name* by which each respective Square, Street, Row, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, and Place is properly or usually called or known; and may also cause every House Shop, or Warthouse, in each of the said Stieecs and Places, to be marked and numbered in such Manner as they shall judge most proper for distinguishing the same; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, pull down, Penalty on de-injure, obliterate, or deface any such Names, Descriptions, Marks, or Numbers, or any Part or Parts freing Num-thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending shall, for every such Of- ber», fence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Fen Shillings.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times Annoyance? how hereafter drive or place, or cause to be driven or placed, in any of the Carriage-ways within the Streets, to be remedied. Rows, and other Places by this Act directed to be paved, any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carnage, or any Part or Parts thereof, so as to occr.fi >n any Annoyance whatsoever, ami shall not immtuuttly remove the same when required so to do by any Person or Persons whatsoever: or if any Vol. XL 3 R Person

490 C. 38. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Person or Persons shall set or place any such Carriage, for the Purpose of loading or unloading thereof, or for any other Purpose, upon any Foot-way or Crofting in any such Street, Row, Lane, Passage, or Place, every Person so offending shall, for every or either of the said Offences, forfek and pay the Sum of Five Shillings 5 and any One of the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commimoners for that Purpose, may seize, or cause to be seized, any such Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, together with the Horse or Horses, if any shall be thereunto belonging, and drive or remove, or cause the same to be driven or removed, to the Pound or other Place within the said Parish of Christ Church, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants shall and do. day to the Person or Persons in whole Custody the same shall be the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the same, and of keeping such Horse or Horses, if any 3 and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid within the Space of Five Days neat after such Seizure thereof, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the same to be appraised and fold 3 and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act with respect to paving.

Penalty on not

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times removing Ca/kf, hereafter set or place, or cause to be set or placed, in any of the Carriage-ways or Footways within Sec, after Notice. the aforesaid Streets, Rows, Lanes, or Places, any Calk, Package, Timber, Stones, Wheels, Bricks, Lime, Sand, Mortar, or Wood, or any other Materials or Things whatsoever, for the Purposes of making Mortar, or for building any House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, or Tenement, or for any other Purpose, (unless the same shall be inclosed in a Hoard or other Erection, as herein after is directed), and shall not remove the same within the Space of One Day next after Notice to him or her given for that Purpose, or left on the Premises where the same shall be 3 or if empty or unoccupied, or in building, stuck against the Wall thereof, by any One of the said Commissioners, or by any Person or Persons by them appointed for that Purpose; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings; and every One of such Commissioners, or any Person or Persons so appointed by them, may seize, or cause to be seized, such Calks, Package, Timber, Stones, Wheels, Bricks, Lime, Sand, Mortar, Wood, or other Materials, (not being inclosed as aforesaid), and take or remove, or cause the same to be taken or removed to the Pound, or other proper Place within the said Parish, there to be kept and detained, until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, shall and do pay to the Person in whose Custody the same shall be the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the same: And in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act with respect to paving.

Penalty if Noi-

XXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any such Nuisance, Obstruction, or Annoyance,

faucet are coo- flja]j be afterwards replaced and continued for the Space of Six Hours after Notice to remove the same* tinued' the Person or Persons convicted of such Second Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings*

and the like Sum of Ten Shillings for every repeated Offence.

Licence* m*ybe

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall erect or build, or cause granted for cieft- to be erected or built, any Hoard, or creel any Polls, Bars, Rails, Board or other Thing by way of In* lug Hoard*, &c. elofure, for tl^e Purpose of making Mortar and depositing Bricks, Stone, Lime, Sand, or any other Materials for building or repairing any House, Tenement, or other Works, or for any other Purpose, without Leave or Licence first had and obtained under the Hand or Hands of the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being to the Commissioners, who is and are hereby required to grant the same forthwith to every Person so applying for such Licence, paying to the said Surveyor or Surveyors the Sum of One Shilling; and no Person whatsoever shall erect or build any such Kind of Hoard or Inclosure as aforesaid in any other Manner, or suffer the same to remain for any longer Time, than shall be expressed or allowed in such Licence Jrom the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to be signed as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, for every Twelve Hours that the same, or any Part thereof, shall be continued contrary to the Direction of this Act: And if any such Kind of Inclosure shall be erected or built without the Leave of the said Surveyor or Surveyors so had and obtained, and signed as aforesaid, or shall be set up in any other Manner, or continued for any longer Time, than shall be allowed and expressed in such Licence; then, and in either of the cases, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to cause the same to be pulled down and removed, and the Materials thereof shall be deposited in the Pound, or any other proper Place within the said Parish, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, shall and do pay to the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the same 3 and in case the lame shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid, within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising therefrom fusil be applied to the Purposes of this Act with respect to paving.

XLI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall fist, fereen, or flack any Lime, (except within such Inclosure as aforesaid) in any such Square, Street, Row, Lane, or Passage, or cause the same to be so done, he or they shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings.,

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall for the future carry, run, drive, or draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn, on any of the Foot-pavements within any the aforesaid

No time to be fifted, &c. in moy Square.

Penalty en driving Carriages, &c. on Foot-jravcmeaU*.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 38. 491

aforesaid Streets, Rows, Lanes, or Places, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheel-barrow, or any Carriage whatsoever; or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse, Ass, or other Cattle, Coach, or other Carriage whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Foot-pavements; or shall throw or cast any Dunsj,

Ashes, Dirt, or Rubbish, into or upon any Carriage or Foot-ways; then, and in every such Case, M shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing, the Offender or Offenders, and they are hereby required so to do by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before feme Justice of the Peace for the said County or Liberty; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before any such Justice, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties ac-cufed shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted of any such Offence respectively, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for the First Time of offending, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Second Time of offending, the Sum of Forty Shillings for the Third and every other Time of offending; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, upon such Conviction pay such Forfeitures by him, her, or them incurred as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the House of Correfton for the said County, there to be kept' to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Ten Days, nor less than Three Days.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons inhabiting within the said Parish shall, from and to W after the said Second Wednesday after the passing of this Act, fweijp, ferape, and clean the Foot-way swept' before their respective Houses, Buildings, and Walls, or cause the lame to be done every Day between the Hours of Six and Nine in the Morning, (Sundays excepted) upon Pain of forfeiting for every Ne-gleft the Sum of Five Shillings.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, from Time to Time, direct Suns* of Hack-and regulate all Stands of Hackney Coaches and Hackney Chairs within the said Parish, in such Man- B*y Coachmca, ntr as they shall in their Discretion think proper; and if any Hackney Coachman or Hackney Chair- ?C'J° man shall not comply with such Directions and Regulations, he or they shall, for each Offence, forfeit uica* the Sum of Ten Shillings.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall come with any Cart Time* of empty-or Carts, and begin to empty any Boe-house or Bog-houses, or to take away any Night Soil from any ing Bog-bowfe* House or Houses within the said Parish before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock in the Night, or shall continue to take away the same after the Hour of Five of the Clock in the Morning from Michaelmas to Lady-day, or after the Hour of Four of the Clock in the Morning from Lady-day to Michaelmas; or if any Person shall put or cast, or cause to be put or cast, out of any Cart, Tub, or otherwise, in or near any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, within the said Parish, or within Half a Mile thereof, any such Night Soil, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Constable, Bendle, or Watchman, (and they are hereby (triftly required and directed so to do), or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to apprehend and carry him or them guilty of either of the said Offences to the Watch-house of the said Parish of Christ Church, and from thence, as soon as conveniently may be, before some Justice of the Peace for the said County or Liberty, who, upon Oath made of such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, shall and may commit such Person or Persons guilty of any of the said Offences to the House of Correction for the said County, for any Time not exceeding Two Months, nor less than Fourteen Days, there to be kept to hard Labour; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to order any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, to be paid to the Person who shall detest, apprehend, and convey before any such Justice of the Peace, any such Person or Persons guilty as aforesaid, to be paid out 01 the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act for the Purposes of cleansing, lighting, and watching.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Part of Notice to be the Pavement of the said Streets or Lanes shall be taken up for tile Purpose of making, repairing, al- *,'("*

tering, cleansing, or emptying any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, or of laying, altering, or amending any ^repairing Water-pipe or rlug, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, the Person or Persons so taking up such Pave- tny Vault, ment shall immediately give Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Clerk to the Commissioners for putting Drain,^.c* this Act in Execution, in order that the same may, with all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired under the Inspection of the said Surveyor; and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid by the said Commissioners, and they shall be reimbursed the same by the Person or Persons, Company of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers, who shall take up, or cause or procure to be taken up, the said Pavement, or any Part or Parts thereof.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be law- Commissioner* ful for the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any Seven or more of them, from »iyconti«a Time to Time, to compound and agree with the said Companies or Commissioners of Sewers, or other with Companies Person or Persons respectively, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or other Measure, as the said such

Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution shall think reasonable, in Lieu and in Stead of laying n *’ down or repairing such Pavement as shall benecessarily taken up for any the Purposes aforesaid.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Person or Persons, Refusal °*

Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively, shall neglect or refuse to pay c"

what the said Commissioners shall have so paid and disbursed, or what shall be due upon such Compo- brought, fition as aforesaid, within Ten Days next after Notice thereof, to be left by the Surveyor or Clerk appointed

492 C. 38.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

or to be appointed by the said Commissioners, at the Dwelling-house or last Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Secretary or Secretaries, Clerk or Clerks, of such Companies of Water-works or Commissioners of Sewers respectively, (which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, by Order of the said Commissioners, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of the Expence of such Repair, or Money due upon such Composition), it shall be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money respectively; and in case such Person or Persons, hereby directed to give such Notice to the Surveyor or Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, as is before directed, shall neglect so to do for the Space of Twenty-four Hours after such Pavement shall be so taken up, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Cwnmissionento

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if for the Purposes of this Act it Pipe* for the"* at anX *me found necessary to raise, fink, or otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pipes. Purposes of the or Plugs laid down or placed by the said Companies, or any of the leaden Pipes which shall be laid into Act. or from any of the said Companies Pipes, which the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to cause

to be done as often and in such Places as they shall think proper; the same shall be paid for out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be done with as little Detriment or Inconvenience to the said Companies, and other Persons, as the Circumstances of the Case will admit of.

How Water- L. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall happen that any Pipe or Pipers be-k^arc^o ht* to anX ^Tater Company shall break or burst in any of the said Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes,

mended.10 Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, paved by virtue of this Act, the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, or such other Person as they shall appoint for that Purpose, may and shall give immediate Notice thereof to the Pavior of the Water Company to whom he apprehends such Pipe or Pipes does or do belong, and require him to take up the Pavement, and open the Ground at or near the Place where the Water issues by reason of such Pipe or Pipes breaking or bursting, within Two Days next after such Notice given to such Pavior, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode; and, if upon taking up of the Pavement, and opening the Ground, it shall appear that the Pipe or Pipes so broken or burifc doth not or do not belong to the Water Company whose Pavior shall have taken up such Pavement, and opened such Ground, that then, and in such Case, the Surveyor, or other Person as aforesaid, shall give immediate Notice to the Pavior of that Company to whom it shall appear that the said Pipe or Pipes doth or do belong, such Norice to be given or left with such Pavior, or at his last or usual Place of Abode; and the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong is hereby required to repair the same, and fill in the Ground, within Two Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid; and also within Two Days after such Pipe shall be repaired, and the Ground filled in, to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors contracting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor or other Person as aforesaid, of such Pipe or Pipes being repaired, and such Ground being filled in, such Notice to be given to such Contractor, Surveyor, or other Person, or left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode: And in case it shall happen that the Pavior who first receives such Notice shall take up such Pavement, and open such Ground, and it shall then be discovered that the Pipe or Pipes which shall be burst or broken doth or do not belong to the Company to whom he is Pavior, that then, and in such Case, the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes doth or do belong shall make Satisfaction to the Pavior who so took up such Pavement, and opened such Ground, for such Work; and in case the Pavior to whom such Notice shall be so given to take up such Pavement, and open such Ground* shall xleglcS or refuse to do the same within the said Two Days after Notice given, he shall for the First Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Three Pounds; and in case the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes so broken or burst shall btlong shall neglect or icfufe to repair and amend the same, and fill in the Ground so taken up, for the Space of Two Days next after such Notice given, or shall neglect to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors contr.ding with, or the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, or to such other Person as aforesaid, such Pavior shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Thi'd and every other Offence, the Sum of Three Pounds: And if any Person or Persons contracting with the said Commissioners to relay such Pavements so broken or taken up for any the Reasons aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to relay such Pavement, in a good, sufficient, and effectual Manner, within Two Days after Notice given to him or them; or if the Surveyor, or other Person to whom such Notice shall be given, shall neglect to acquaint the Contractor of such Notice; then, and in every such#Case, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Three Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Paviors and Turncocks, now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, in case of the Death or Removal of any such Pavior or Turncock by the said several and respective Water Companies, shall, and they are hereby required, within the Space of Twenty-one Days next after the passing of this Act, or within the Space of Three Days next after he 01 they shall be appointed Pavior or Paviors, Turncock or Turncocks, to such Company or Companies, to give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, to the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution; which Notice shall contain such Pavior’s or Turncock's Name and Place of Abode respectively, as also to what Company he is Pavior or Turncock, and

z in

Paviars and

Turncock* to give Nouce of the r Place of Abode.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 38. 493

In what District he has the Care of such Company or Companies Pipes; and in like Manner the Surveyor or Surveyors to such Commissioners for the Time being, shall, within the respective Times aforesaid, give Notice to the respective Paviors and Turncocks of the said several Water Companies, of his or their own Place or Place# of Abode; and also to the Surveyor or Surveyors to Commissioners of Sewers, of the Names and Places of Abode of such Contractor or Contractor, and of the Pavior or Paviors employed by such Commissioners; and every Person or Persons neglecting or rcfufine to give such Notice as aforesaid, within the Times before xefpeciively specified, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner* Commissioner* from Time to Time, to direct the Grates already or hereafter to be placed over any Sewers, to be rc i»e " moved and placed in such Manner, and at such Place and Places, as they shall think mo(t proper, 10 a: be the same be not detrimental or prejudical to the publick Sewers, and b., from Time to Tn c, done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, and paid for out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of Paving; any Law, Usagt?, or Custom to the Contrary notwithstanding. Commissioner*

LIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as there shall be Occasion to make new o; m<l) erei> addj. additional Grates over any Sewer or Sewers within the said District, or to r pair, alur, clcanic, 01 t»,nai Graces, amend, any of the said Sewers, or the Grates over the same, the Clerk for the Time being of the Commissioners of the said hewers fh.dl, at the Request in Wri ing of the Surveyor of the said Commissioners of Pavement, or other Person or Persons authorised by them for that Purpose, forthwith fjmmuis the said Commissioners of Sewcts to meet, i;i order to take the Premises under Consideration, which they are hereby authoriLd and required to do at such Meeting, and also at the same Met ting, or any adjoi rned or other Meeting, to exercise the several Powers and Authorities with which they are in vetted, in order that the said several Works may be speedily and arirdtually done, completed and hni!hed.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, a Rate or Assessment R«te for shall, for the Purposes of cleansing, lighting, and watching, the federal Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, *8* lighting, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Patinges, and Places, within the said Parish of Christ Church, be made, laid, wau®‘0fc and alleged, by the Commissioners for putting this in Execution, or any Seven or more of them,

Once in every Year, or r f iener if they shall judge it needful, upon the Parish Church and Church Yard, and all Chapels, French Churches and Chapels, Meeting-houses, Schools, and Markets, and upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possefs, or enjoy any Landy Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the said Parish, in such competent Sum and Sums of Money, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (h ill order and direct, io as such Rate or Rates, Afletfmcfttor Assessments, do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of One Shilling at.d Four-pence in the Pound in any not to exceed 1 One Year, according to the yearly Rent or yearly Value of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops Ware- 4d*iflthe Pound, houses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments reflectively.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said First Rate or Assessment shall commence from the Commencement said Second Wednesday after the passing of this Act, and every future Rate or Assessment shall commence Rate*, from the Time that the last preceding Rate or Allelin vnt ended, and not otherwise; and the Monies therein and thereby charged and act'eiied, shall be payable and recoverable Quarterly, in Manner herein after directed.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Commissioners shall direct any Rate* for paving of the said Streets, Row*', or Lanes, herein-before mentioned and authorised to be paved, or any Par; «nd removing or Parts thereof respectively, or any of the Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, opening into or communicating with the fan e, to be new p.ved, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or water,nS* any Seven or more of them, as soon as conveniently m.»y be, and so in like Manner yearly, or oftener, if Occasion shall require, to make, lay, and afltfs, upon all and every Person and Persons w.10 do or (half Mihabit, hold, use, occupy, poliels, or enjoy, any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Sta le. Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within such Street, Row, Lane,

Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place reflectively, as tar as luen new Pavement shall extend, a further "°?toe3Cf*ed rt* Sum not exceeding in the Whole One Shilling and Nine-pence in the Pound, in any One Year of the lwjth btft early Rent or yearly Value <;f inch Lands, Grounds, Homes, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Sea- payment, les. Cellars, Vaults, Building', Tenements, or Hereditaments, respectively. the greater Part or Parts of which Pavement shall be made of Stones of a flat Surface; but or Afkflir.ents, as the lame shall, from Time to Time be afcei

>ut riot exceeding One Half o! such Rates 1 * 3d« itained and limited, within Inch Courts,

Yards, Alleys, Pafl ges, or Places, as a*e not Thoroughfares for Wheel Carriages; and not exceeding

One Shilling and T hue-pence in the Pound in such Siietts, Rows, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Pal-sages, or Places, the greater Part or Part' of which new Paving shall be made in the Footways with flat Stones, and in the Carriage-ways with Pebbles, or with old Stones taken from that or any other of the said Streets, Rows, Lancs, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Padages, or Places; but not exc ceding One Half of such Rates or Assessments, tr.e fame shall, from Time to Time, be afee taineJ and limited, within any such Courts, Yards, Alices, Passages, or Places, as aie not horoughlares for Wheel Carriages, and paved as is last mentioned.

LVII. And wncrcreas several Houses, Warehouses, or other Buildings in the said Sticets, Rows, h -trecti to Lancs, Alleys, Yards, or other Places, are paitly situate win, in the lame, and pairly in or are adjoin- raled ing to or abutting upon other Streets, Lanes, Ways or Passages, which are not within or Part of tile Thuds,

aforesaid Streets, Rows, Lancs, Alleys, Yards, or Places, the Occupiers of such Houses, Warc- houses, or other Buildings, by Carriages having Accels to their Prennlcs, will gicatly wear the Pave- meats intended to be paved by virtue of this Act, by such Carriages coming to and going from their

bui

Jlouf s adjoining

494* C. 38. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772

raid Houses, Warehouses, or other Buildings, and such Houses, Warehouses, or other Buildings, aro or may be obliged to pave the said other Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys,v and other Places, or may be subject to be rated and taxed towards the paving or repairing the same; be it therefore further enacted, That such Houses, Warehouses. or other Buildings, which now are or hereafter shall be so situate, shall only be rated and taxed for the Purpose aforesaid, at such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think reasonable, not exceeding Two-thirds oL the Rate they would have been rated and taxed at if such Houses, Warehouses, or other Buildings, had Rood, wholly within the said Street, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard.

Houses letoyt m t

LVIII. And whereas many Houses within the said Streets, Rows, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Yards, Passages, or Places, are by the several Owners or Proprietors thereof let out in Lodgings to divers Tennants, whereby it will be difficult to recover such Rates and Assessments when made; for Remedy whereof,’ be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to rate and assess the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Tenements as shall be let to or occupied by Two or more Tenants, which Rate and Assessment shall be paid by One or more of the Tenants or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses or Tenements; and in case any Occupier or Occupiers of any Part of such Houses or Tenements shall refuse to pay the same, then the said Rate and Assessment shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of him, her, or them so refufine to pay the same; and such Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses and Tenements respectively is and are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so rated or assessed on the Owner or Owners of such Houses, in pursuance of this Act, and to dedud the same out of their Rent; and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payment upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and every such Tenant paying such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from so much Money as the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessment, shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rent would have been, or shall be, due and payable; and in Default of Payment of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, the same shall oe and remain Charge upon the said Premises, and shall and may be recovered of and from the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court for the Recovery of small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, to be commencea and prosecuted by the said Commissioners, in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, to compound' with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any such Houses or Tenements, the annual Rent or Value whereof shall be at or, under Ten Pounds for the Rate by this A Cl authorised to be laid upon such Houses or Tenements, so as in such Composition there be not remitted to any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors.respectively, more than One-third of the Rate or Assessment by this Act laid upon such Houses or Tenements respectively.

LX. And it is hereby further enacted, That where any of the Lands, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses. Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall, at the Time of making any of the said Rates or Assessments for the Purposes of paving, be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied; then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to rate and assess such Premises respectively, at One Half of such Rates or Assessments, during the Time only that such Premises shall be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied 5 and also in case any such rrc-mises, after the making such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall become empty, untenacted or unoccupied, One Half only of such Rate or Assessment shall be charged on such Premises respectively* for and during so long a Time as the same shall continue empty, untenacted and unoccupied; and then* and in any of the said cases, the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears thereon* shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, or by the first or any other Tenant or Occupier thereof, and in which last Case such Tenant or Tenants*- Occupier or Occupiers, shall and may, and is and are hereby authorised to dedud and detain the same out of his* her, or their Rent or Rents respectively; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, of such Premises, is and are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment upon Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their respective Rents; and the said Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be, and is, and are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of his, her, or their Rent* as the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, and so paid by him, her, or them, shall amount unto.

landlord*, arc. 4 LXJ. And whereas there are or may be many Houses, Buildings, Stables, Lands, Grounds, Te-kafcle to Rato*. c nements, Hereditaments, and Premises, which are taken on Leases for Years or otherwise, and are by the Lessees or Tenants, and also by Landlords or Owners, let out in Parcels or separate Apartments to Under-tenants, and other Houses and Premises let ready furnished to Lodgers ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lessee, Landlord, Owner, or Proprietor, and each and every such House, Building, Stable, Land, Ground, Tenement, or Hereditament, so let our, or which shall be let out, in Parcels or separate Apartments, or ready furnished to a Lodger or Lodgers, shall be deemed and taken as the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and shall be liable and subject to the Payment of the Rates or Assessments directed by this Act to be made, raised, and levied, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Premises.

LXII. And, for the more easy Recovery of such Rates or Assessments, be it further enacted.

Tenement* how to be rated.

Power to compound.

Empty House*, & c. how to be rated.

Occupiers to pay Rates,

That each and every Person 1

so renting or occupying any such Parcel or separate Apartment as aforesaid*

m t

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 38. 495

said, shall be liable and Compellable to the Payment of the Arid Rates or AflTeflmenta, and all Arrears due thereon, to be recovered in Manner hereafter directed.

LXIII. Provided always, That each and every respective Occupier or Occupiers, who shall pay such but to b*tllow* respective Rates or Assessments, and any Arrears due thereon, or from whom the same shall be reco- *fiune il1 vered in pursuance of this Act, shall and may deduct the same from and out of the next, or any other KehU Rent due and payable from him, her, or them, to such respective Lessee, Landlord, Owner, or Pro* prietor; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Tenant or Tenants,

Occupier or Occupiers, to his, her, or their Landlord for such Money as he, she, or they shall pay, eras shall be levied on the Goods and Chattels of him, her, or them, by virtue of this Act.

LXIV. And forasmuch as it is reasonable that all publick Buildings, and all dead Walls and void Publick Build- Spaces of Ground, should be rated and assessed in a due Proportion towards the paving to be done by 10

virtue of this Act/ it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or *erale<^, any Seven or more of them, at their Discretion* and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, to rate and assess, for the Purposes of paving, all Parish Churches, parochial and other Chapels, French Churches or Chapels, Meeting-houses, Schools, Markets, Warehouses, and all other publick Buildings whatsoever, (charged or not charged to the Land-tax), situate, (landing, and being in any Square, Street, or Place, paved by virtue of this Act, which now is or are, or hereafter may be built or in building, at a Rate not exceeding One Shilling and Nine-pence in the Pound, according to the clear yearly Income arising from such Parish Church, parochial and other Chapels, French Churches or Chapels, Meeting-houses, Schools, Markets, Warehouses, and other publick Buildings respectively; and where there 1$ not any such clear yearly Income, or the same cannot be fully ascertained, then, and in either of the said cases* the same shall be charged and afielled at a Rate not exceeding Sixpence per Square Yard in any One Year, of the Pavement paved under the Direction of the said Commissioners, and belonging to such PariQa Church, parochial or other Chapel, French Church or Chapel, Meeting-house, School, Warehouse, or other publick Building; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall alto, at their Discretion, yearly, or oftener if needful, assess all Church-yards, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, towards the Purposes aforesaid, and which are not charged in respect of any Dwel-ling-house or other Building, by the Pound-rate, or otherwise, by virtue of this Act, so that in the whole such Rate or Assessment shall not in any One Year exceed the Sum of Sixpence for every Square Yard of Pavement paved or repaired under the Direction of the said Commissioners, situate as aforesaid, or belonging to or lying before such Yards, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, which Rates and Assessments shall commence from the respective Times when such Pavements shall be begun j and the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and also the Rates or Assessments for cleanung, lighting, and watching, herein-before authorised to be made and paid for such Parish Church Church-yard, and parochial Chapels, shall be paid by the Chapelwardens or Churchwardens respectively, out of any of the Monies payable to and received by the said Churchwardens or Chapelwardens respectively, either for Seats in the said Church or Chapels, or lor Burial-fees; and the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made and paid for any French Church or Chapel, or other Chapel or Meeting-house, shall be paid by the Ministers, the Elders, or LKaeons thereof; and the P*ates or Assessments for any School,

Market, Warehouse, or other publhk Building, dead Wall, or void Space of Ground, shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, thereof.

LXV. And whereas, that there are or may be several Houses and other Buildings, within the Li- mits for paving by virtue of this Act, begun to be built, but are not finished^nor Jet; and forasmuch W

as it is reasonable that such Houses and Buildings should be rated and assessed for the Purposes of pa- ving/ be it therefore enacted, That until such Houses or other Buildings which now are or hereafter may be built, or in building, shall be finished or tenacted, (if the Square, Street, Row, Lane, or other Place wherein such House or other Building shall be situate, shall be paved by virtue and in pursuance of this Act), it ilia] 1 be lawful for such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby required and directed to rate and assess, according to their Discretion, all such Houses and other Buildings, and which are or shall be erected and covered in, at a Rate not exceeding Sixpence for every Square Yard of Ground paved, or to be paved, by virtue of this Act, and belonging to the Fronts or Sides of such Houses or other Buildings; and for all Houses and other Buildings which are or shall be erected and r.ot covered in, at a Rate not exceeding Three-pence for every Square Yard of Ground paved, or to be paved, by virtue of this Act, and belonging to the Fronts or Sides of such Houses and other Buildings, until the same shall be covered in as aforesaid, and then at a Rate not exceeding One Shilling and Nine-pence for every Square Yard, until the same shall be let or occupied; which Rates or A fic Aments shall be paid by, and recoverable from the Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, Owner or Owners, of such House or Houses, Building or Buildings respectively, and shall be charged and chargeable on the said Premises: And if the said Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee cm Lc ees, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same upon Demand; then, and in every such Case, such Ran* or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, shall and may be levied on the Got is and Chattels of the Person or Persons so required to pay the same, in Manner herein after directed; and in case the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Leilce or Lessees, of such House or Houks, Building or Buildings, shall not he known, or cannot he found, or shall be under Commission of Bankruptcy, then the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, made thereon, shall be and remain charged and chargeable on the said Premises until the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or ' Proprietors Lessee or Lessecs, can be found, or until Assignees, in case of Bankruptcy are appointed.

When the same, and all Arrears due thereon, shall be levied on the Goods and Chattels of such Owner

or

496 C. 38.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

New-built Stieets, &c. to be paved when proper.

Owners of vacant Grounds, £ c. bow to be charged.

Clerks to make

or Owners* Proprietor or Proprietors* or Lessee or Lessees, or upon the Goods and Chattels of such Af-signee or Assignees, who is and are hereby made liable to pay the same, or upon the said Premises, in like Manner as other Rates made by virtue of this Act are made recoverable.

LXVI. And whereas there arc, and hereafter may be* within the Limits for paving by virtue of this Act, new Streets and Places which are not paved. Part of which are built or in building, and small Pieces or Parcels of Ground unbuilt upon and not paved;’ be it therefore en aft ed, 'I hat it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them, to view and inspect any Street, Row, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place, within the Limits aforesaid, which now is or hereafter may be built upon, or in building; and if, upon such View, they shall be of Opinion, that the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, is or are fit and proper to be paved, the said Commissioners shall and may order their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them appointed for that Purpose, to give Notice to the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, of any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse* Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Tenement, or Hereditament, in any such Street* Row, Lane, Court, Yard* Alley, Passage, or Place, or leave the same at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, or with his, her, or their known Servant or Servants; or if no such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, can be found, then such Notice shall be {luck against the said Premises, or any Part thereof, which Notice shall require such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, to meet such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at the Time and Place therein mentioned, not being less than Ten Days from the Date of such Notice, to compound for the paving thereof, at any Sum not exceeding Three Shillings for every Square Yard of such Pavement, whether Carriage-way, or Foot-way, which Composition the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorised to make; and if such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lcfifcc or Lessees, shall not attend, or shall not compound or agree with the said Commissioners as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to order the same to be paved as soon as conveniently may be, and all the Charges and Expences attending such paving shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, and shall be recovered and levied upon their Goods and Chattels in Manner herein after directed.

LXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That-nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower the said Commissioners to charge, or make chargeable, any One Proprietor, Owner, or Lessee, of such vacant Ground with more than Two hundred Square Yards of Paving, on Account of any such vacant Ground in One Square, Street, Row, or Place, until the same shall be built upon, or shall be in building.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Com-fiptnts of atc* rnifdoners shall, and he or they is and are hereby required, to make proper Emeries in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, all and Angular the Rates and Assessments which shall be made by virtue of this Act; to which Book or Books every Person liable to pay the said Rates or Assessmcnrs shall and may have free Access, at all convenient Times, and shall be permitted to inspect the same without Fee or Reward.

Kates t<* be

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Rates made by virtue of this Act, shall be allowed and

burners'^wtaare by Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Mlddlfex, or Liberty of the

to grantWvvar-C Lower of London, who are also hereby impowered and required to grant a Warrant or Warrants for rantt to collect collecting thereof, as also for levying of the same, by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall nominate or appoint, and which Warrants shall be sufficient Authorities to the respective Persons thereby authorised for the Purposes therein mentioned; and the said Rates* after the same shall be so allowed and signed by the said Justices, shall be collected Half-yearly, or oftener, if the Lid Commissioners shall thii.k it necessary: And if any Person or Persons shall refuse, neglect, or omit to pay the Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they, shall be rated or assessed at by virtue of this Act for the Space of Ten Days after personal Demand made thereof* or Demand in Writing left at the Place of Abode or Occupation of such Person or Persons; then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the fai i Person or Persons who shall be authorised by such Warrant as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting, refusing, or omitting to pay the same; and in case no such Goods or Chattels can be found 10 be so distrained, or in case such Goods or Chattels shall be locked up, or secured or removed from the Person or Persons authorised to distrain as aforesaid, so that he or they carnot distrain the lame; then, and in either of the said cases, upon Information thereof given to the said justices, or any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County or Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London, it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding the Space of Six Months, or until the Payment of such Rate or Assessment, and reasonable Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons, who have or hath been rated and a lie ifed by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their Dwellinghouse, Warehouse, Shop, Vault, Cellar, or Tenement, whereupon 1’ucn Rate or Afic.iinent has been made, before he, she, or they shall h »ve paid the lame, and shall afterwards refuse to p.;y the same when due and demanded as aforesaid, by the Person or Persons uutbo ifed and appointed to collect and receive the same; that ,then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the Lid Commissioner;, by Wan ant under the Hand and Seal of any one or more Justices of the Peace

acting

and levy the same.

Occupiers quitting without paying

m y be lollow-ed.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 38. 497

acting in and for the said County or Liberty, which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to grant in any Place within their respective Jurisdictions, or out of tho Limits thereof, such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate in the County,

City, or Liberty, where the Distress is to be made, to distrain the Goods ond Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, and the same to fell, rendering the Overplus, if any such shall be) after deducing the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels demanding the same.

LXXI. Provided always, That the said Commissioners, if they shall think proper, may fuc for be

or any of the Rates or Assessments which shall be made by virtue of this Act, and all Arrears due there- uc or* ttpon and unpaid, in which Action no iifloin. Protection, or Wager of Law', or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant or Tenants, Otcupier or Occu- Tenants t# pay piers of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, in the said Squares, Rates, and <k-otreets. Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and Yards, is and are hereby required and authorised to pay all and dust OneHalf every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall be rated or assessed on him, her, or them, by virtue ofout their cnts* this Act, for the Purpose of paving, and to deduct One Moiety thereof out of their Rent; and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, shall, and they are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and every such Tenant, paying such Rate or Rates, Afllflmentor Assessments, shall be, and they are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from One Moiety of so much Money as the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments,

shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rent would have been or shall be due and payable.

LXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained No Centraa fee shall be deemed or taken to make void any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord paving &c. to b« and Tenant, touching or concerning the paving or repairing any or any Part of any Street, Row, void Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Paflyge, or Place, but that every Person who is now by virtue of any such Contract or Agreement obliged to pave or keep in Repair any or any Part thereof, shall, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made and assessed for paving within such Square,

Sticet, Row, or Place, or so much thereof as such Commissioners as aforesaid shall deem just, and according to the true Meaning of such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during the Time that such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, shall remain in f orce; and in case any Dispute shall arise concerning such Covenant, Contract, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall have Power to hear and finally determine the same.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons paying the respective Rates and Assessments perf0Bipaying by this Act laid and assessed for the Purpose of paving, shall be, and they and every of them is and Rates, eKttnpwd are hereby exempted and discharged from the Expence of paving or keeping in Repair the Squares, from paring, Sec* Streets, Rows, or Places, or such Parts thereof, whereon any such respective Rates shall be laid; and also from all Penalties which may or might be incurred by reason of their neglecting to pave or keep the same in Repair; and that all Persons paying the Rate hereby laid and afiessed lorcleanfing, watching, and lighting, within the said Parish, and from all Penalties which might be incurred for Neglectthercof.

LXXV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall pre- but nottoexcufe vent the collecting any Arrears of any Rate or Assessment due from any Person or Persons under this Anrea,#> or any former Act.

LXXVI. And whereas it may he reasonable to excuse some Persons from the Payment of the powcTtoremita

aforesaid Rates or Assessments in Part, on Account of their Poverty 5 for Relief therefore in such f^rTof the Case,’ be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Rates.

Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to grant to such Person or Persons such Relief in the Payment of any Rate or AUeflinent as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, so as the Reduction doth not exceed One Half of the Assessment payable by such Person or Persons.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors of the Rates and Assess- Colleton to payments aforesaid shall pay the Money as he or they shall receive the same to the Treasurer or Trea-Money #s CCIV. furers for the Time being to the said Commissioners, and upon Payment thereof, such Collector or 1 e rCA" Collectors shall take a Receipt for the same of the said Treasurer or Treafcirers, which shall be given penalty on k«p-without Fee or Reward, and therein the Name or Names of such Collector or Collectors shall ing above 100C be expressed, and the Sum or Sums of Money paid shall be specified; and if any such Collector longer than 14 or Collectors shall at any Time keep and retain in his or their Hands more than the Sum of One hundred Pounds for any Time beyond the Space of Fourteen Days, (provided the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall within that Time be ready to receive the same), he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Day that he or they shall retain any Sum exceeding the said One hundred Pounds beyond the said Fourteen Days.

LXXVIII. And for the more effectually enabling the said Commissioners to execute the Purposes of this Act in the most expeditious Manner with respect to paving and regulating the several Streets, Money Lanes, Rows, and Alleys, and other Places hereby directed to be paved, it is hereby further enacted, upon the Credit That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to erf the Rates, Time, when they shall judge it necessary, to borrow and take up at interest any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act for the Purpose of paving, and by any Writing or Writings upon Vellum or Parchment, signed by the said Commissioners, to assign the said Rates or Afkilments, ora competent Part thereof, to such Person or Persons who shall

498 C. 38.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

advance and lend such Money thereupon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with interest for the same, which Interest shall be payable and paid Half-yearly by the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates or Assessments.

Money borrowed 4

LXXIX. And whereas many Persons may chuse to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities, by Annuities on to be secured upon and payable out of the last mentioned Rates and Assessments,’ be it therefore fur-IVC*' ther enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons ta contribute, advance, and pay into

the Hands of the said Comm&ioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the U(es and Purposes for which the said Rates or Assessments are made, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such Contributor or Contributors at the Time of Payment of the respective Contribution-money, so as the said Annuity or Annuities do not exceed (he Rate of Nine Pounds by the Hundred b7 the Year and so in proportion for any greater or lefTer Sum to be paid as aforesaid; all which Annuities so to be purchased, shall be payable and paid by the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates and Assessments, by quarterly Payments; the First Payment to be made to the respective Purchasers, or their Assigns, at the Expiration of Three Months after Payment of their respective Purchase-monies, the Rate whereof shall, from Time to Time, be settled and adjusted by the said Commissioners as they shall think proper, at a publick Meet-Th-Whole by to be held for that Purpose, whereof Twenty-one Days Notice shall be given in some publick both Met boat of Newspaper circulated in the Bills of Mortality, so that the total Sums to be borrowed on Life Anoui-borrowing not to ties, and at Interest, shall not exceed in the Whole the Sum of Fourteen thousand Pounds, exceed 1L000 1.

LXXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the better to enable the Com-u. AnnH*Vt# missioners to paytthe Money borrowed by Mortgage of the said Rates, in Manner aforesaid, it shall be rna* lawful for them, at any Time or Times, until the Sum so borrowed, and all Interest due thereon, shall

other?«,tillMort-he fully paid and satisfied, and no longer, as any such Annuitant or Annuitants, or Nominees shall gage Money it die, to permit any Person or Persons to purchase of them the said Commissioners One or more Annuity paid off. or Annuities in the Room of such Annuitant or Annuitants, or Nominee, so dying, upon the Life of such Person or Persons, upon such Terms and Conditions, and payable in such Manner, as above mentioned, so that the Sum or Sums to be contributed for the Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted by virtue of this Act shall at no Time exceed the said Sum of Fourteen thousand Pounds.

LXXXI. Provided always, That as such Annuitant or Annuitants shall die off, and such Rates or Assessments can be lowered and reduced, the same shall be so done, in equal Proportion, from Time to Time, if the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them shall think fit.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from Time to Time, out of the Monies arising by the Rates and Assessments made for paving as aforesaid; and all and every the Contributor and Contributors, upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase-irioney as aforesaid for any such Annuity or Annuities, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased out of the said Rates or Assessments, for the Payment thereof as aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to be nominated by such Purchaser or Contributor as before-mentioned; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have good, fare, absolute, and indefeasible Estates and interests in the Annuity or Annuities so by him, her, or them respectively, to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this A<B j and that none of the said Annuities shall now or hereafter be subject or liable to the Tax charged, or to be charged upon Land, by Authority of Parliament; and that every Contributor for the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or they- Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase money, shall have a Receipt or Receipts for the same and also an Order on Parchment for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and during the natural Life of the Person who shall be so nominated as aforesaid, by quarterly Payments: which Order shall be signed by the said Commissioners; and after signing thereof, the same shall be firm, valid, and of good Effect in the Law, according to the true Purport and Meaning of this ActL

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time »ii Securities for being shall enter in a Book or Books, to be for that Purpose provided and kept by the said Comoney orrow* mjflj0nerS9 a|j Securities for Monies borrowed, or Annuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and all Assignments or Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Names Surnames, Additions, Place of Abode, and other Descriptions, of all Persons, as shall, from Time to Time, be intitled to such Securities; and also the Name, Surname, Addition, Place of Abode, and other Description, of every Person for whose Life any Annuity shall be granted by virtue of this Act, and the Days whereon the said Annuity shall be payable; to which Book and Books the Person and Persons intitled to, and possessed of such Annuity, and all and every the Person or Persons liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments, shall, at all reasonable Times, have Access, with free Liberty to inspeci the lame, without Fee or Reward.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall -be lawful for any Person or Persons intitled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Tune or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively to assign or

At Annuitants die, Rates may be lowered.

Annuities charged upon the iUieg.

Cleric to enter

ed, or Annuities granted.

Sffiiritiei: may be aligned.

499

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 3?.

transfer such Securities, by Indorsement on the Back thereof, tb any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so toties quoties \ and such Assignments or Transfers, after they shall respectively be entered by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, in Manner aforesaid, (which he is hereby required to do without Fee or Reward) shall intitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so assigned or transferred.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies raised or collected by virtue or by Means, or Money verted in under the Authority of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby |vested in the said Commissioners, Commissioners and shall be applied for the several respective Purposes of this Act, for which they are hereby authorised to be raised, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of pro- Expence of the curing and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the firfk Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act,

Ad.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter Streets m»ybe Two-thirds, or more in Number and Value of the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tene- p»v*d by the ments, or Hereditaments, within any Street, Row, Lane, Alley, Court, Passage, or Place, within the Coi^miJr,oner,» said Parish of Chrj/t Church, other than those herein-before particularly described, shall be desirous to rfTwo-xhl'rforf take the Benefit of this Act, and to have the same paved and cleared of Incroachments, Nufances, Ob- the Owoen,&c. strudions, and Annoyances, and shall, by Writing under their Hands, signify such their Desire, and the Manner in which they would have the same paved, to the said Commissioners, and they shall approve thereof; that then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the same to be done, and they are hereby impowered to rate and assess the Inhabitants of every such Street, Lane, Passage,

Alley, Court, or Place, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such and the same Manner, and in such Proportions, as they are herein before authorised to rate and assess, within the several Streets, Rows, Lanes,

Alleys, and PI aces, herein-before particularly named and directed to be paved, and to raise Money upon Annuities for Lives, or otherwise, upon the Credit of such Rates or Assessmems, for the only Purpose of defraying the Expences of the said Works, and other Matters and Things relating thereunto, but for no other Purpose whatsoever; and the Pavement of the said Street, Lane, or other Place, comprehended in such Desire in Writing, shall, after an Order made by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for the Purposes aforesaid, be from thenceforth vested in the said Commissioners, and such Street or Place shall remain under the same Government, Direction, and Management, of them and their Officers, or other Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, as the said, several Streets, Rows, Lanes, and Places first authorised to be paved; and the said Commissioners,

Officers, Servants, Workmen, and other Persons acting under them, shall have the same Power and Authority in, over, and through such Street or Place applied for as aforesaid, and over the several Inhabitants, Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof. Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Officers, Servants, and Workmen, and all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever, interested or intitled to any Privilege therein, and every Matter and Thing relating to the Premises, as the said Commissioners, and their Officers, Servants, and Workmen, acting under them, are inverted with by this Act, for the better Management, ordering, regulating, and rendering more commodious the several Streets, Rows, Lanes, and Places hereby first authorised to be paved; and every Clause, Matter, and Thing, contained in this Act, shall be construed, adjudged, deemed, and taken to extend, to every such Street, Lane, and Place, applied for as aforesaid, as also to the several Inhabitants, Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof. Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Officers, Servants, and Workmen, and all and every other Person or Persons interested or intitled to any Privilege therein, and every Matter or Thing relating to, or in any wise concerning the Premises, in like Manner as the same Clauses, Matters, and Things extend, and shall be adjudged or construed to extend, in similar cases, to the several Streets, Rows, Lanes, and Places, first authorised to be paved, and the several Inhabitants, Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof.

Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politick and Corporate, and all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever, interested or intitled to any Privilege therein, or to any Matter or Thing relating to the Premises; and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, shall be inflicted, and for the like causes, as are herein expressed, and shall be sued for, recovered, levied and executed, in the same Manner.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Commissionsn Time to Time, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against whom any Action or Ac- _ compound tions. Suit or Suits, shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, for any Penalty or Penalties con- forthy Penalty tained in this Act, or in any Contraft, or Contracts entered into on Account of any Breach or Non-ftenby the performance of any such Contraft or Contrafts for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think Act» ormitigitc proper, and also to mitigate, compound, or Jcffen any other the Forfeitures incurred under this Act, so as the Sums so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of any Clause comprised in this Act, or of such Contraft or Contrafts, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby, and so as the Mitigation of the other Forfeitures as aforesaid do not extend to remit above One Moiety of the said Forfeitures respectively.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, (the penljt|cl not Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed), shall be le- otherwise pro* vied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the "* ^r, few to Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the County* or Liberty of his Majesty's *reCQTCrcd*

500 C. 38. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Tower of London, which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of a credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted, shall be paid to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the Time being, and be applied towards the respective Purposes of this Act, in relation whereunto such respective Penalties and Forfeitures arose or were incurred; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Liberty where such Offence shall be committed, or where such Offender shall be convicted, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Two Months, nor less than One Week, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be foor.er fully paid and satisfied.

Part on Pmal-

XC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commission-ties may be paid ers, from Time to Time, if they shall see Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties to Informers. an(] Forfeitures as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Half thereof, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, any Thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Diflreft nor un-

XCI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of lawful for want Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the of form. Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed ’ a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall hereafter be done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Case.

Plaintiff not to

XCII. Provided always, That no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action *for any such Irregularity,

recover, if Ten-Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of derof Amends the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, be made. ' Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought, and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, may, at any Time before lftue joined, pay into the Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Orders and Judgments shall be had, made and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Writings to be

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Contract, Bond, Warrant, Judgment, Without Stamps. Annuity, Securities, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any Commissioner, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any other Person or Persons whomsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

IV: nsapgrW-

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, e tn.yaj o al toIierself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons tV: ouu. cr-fcf and may^ wichin Three Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, appeal to thejuf-

*us* tic< s of the Peare at the General Quarter-sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of

Middlesex% or Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London; such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or causing to be given. Notice in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or causes thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners; and within One Month next after such Notice, enter into a Recognizance or Recognizances before some Justice of the Peace in and for the said County or Liberty, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal mermoned in such Notice, and abide the Order, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices; and the Matter of such Appeal shall be heard and determined by the said Justices at the next General Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County or Liberty, or any Adjournment thereof, or at any Adjournment of the then last General Sessions of the Peace in and for the said County or Liberty, which shall first happen next after the Expiration of One Month from the Day of giving such Notice; and the said Justices, at such Sessions or Adjournment, upon due, Pro *f of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance or Recognizances, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matter of such Appeal in rfl summary Way, and awa*d such Costs for the Appellant or Appellants, or Respondent or Respondents, as they the said ' Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final, binding, and con-

elusive, to and upon all Parties concerned or interested therein.

Justices to amend

XCV. Provided always, That upon all Appeals from any of the Rates or Assessments to be made Katrs appealed or irr.posed by the Authority of this Act, the Justices of the Peace (where they shall see iuft Cause agalnit, without for Relief) mall, and are hereby impowered to amend the said Rates and Assessments in Rich Man-aiding the othei ner only as shall be necessary for giving Relief to the Person or Persons so appealing, without altering Ra es. such R.ates or Assessments with respect to any other Persons mentioned in the same.

Proceedings no*:

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any

to bequaftied for OiFcnder’on Offenders against this Avf, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or vranto* Foun. transactc<5 or eclating to the Execution of this A<lt, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form,

, *: or

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 39, 40. 501

or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or*Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced, or pro-limitation ®f fecuted, against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Thirty Actions* Days Notice thereof shall be first given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or unless the same shall be commenced before the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; or unless Tender of easonable Amends hath not or shall not have been made by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, nor unless such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the County of MLldlrsex; and the Defendant or Defendants, in any Action or Suit to be commenced for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall and may plead the General lfTuc, and give this Act, and the Spec id Mater in General Iffo*. Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Astron or Suit shall be brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this A :t: And if such Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Thirty Days Notice thereof was given, in Writing, to t Clerk or Treasurer of the said Commissioners, figrvd by thz Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if it Hull 2ppcar that such Action or Suit

was not commenced before the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the F«tft com r.itted, or if it shall appear that l ender of reasonable Amends was made by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, before such A A ion or Suit was commenced or brought,’or such Action or Suit Avail be brought, in any other County or Place than the County of Middlesex, that then: the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or thdr Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Treble Coffis Remedy the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act; Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Ycax One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, One million eight hundred thousand Pounds

CAP. XU

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in' the Tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel \ for making a Cemetery or Church-yard \ and for building an House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

WHEREAS by and in pursuance of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Preamble*

present Majesty, (intituKd, An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Actio Geo. III. 4 Parish Church a Chapel; for making a Cemetery or Church-yard; and for building an House for the Use

of the Minister of the parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex), the Vestrymen of the

laid Parish were appointed Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution: And whereas the said Trustees were, by the said Act, directed to cause a Church and Steeple to be built upon the Lands included in the Lease in the said Act mentioned; and also such Part thereof as they should think nc- cessary to be taken in and inclosed for a Cemetery or Church-yard: And whereas the Situation of the said Lands has by the said Trustees been found inconvenient for the Purposes aforesaid; may it Som»cHof the

therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King's most Excel-oW A^» lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

ir.ons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the cwmetryare w said Act as directs the said Trustees to cause a Church and Secple to be built uporv, and a Cemetery be placed, repea-or Church-yard to be taken in, and inclosed from, the said Lands, shall be repealed*. fcjf

II. And be it further enacted, Thai it shall and may be be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any The Church Nine or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to cause a Church (and, if they where wbcbuilt, think fit, a Steeple ahfoj to be built upon a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground, belonging to Henry Il'illiam Portman, Esquire, now in‘Lease to William Bakery of the said Parish of Saint Maryle Boney Esquire, situate, lyn g, and being in (he said Parish, heretofore Part and Parcel of a certain Close, called The Fft con Acres, containing ir* Length,' from East to West, on the North and South Sides thereof, Two hundred Feet of Assize, Tittle more or Ids; and in Breadth, from North to South, orv the Haft and Weft Sides thereof, One hundred and fifty Feet of Assize, little more or less; any Re-strictioi* with regard so Place or Situation in the said Act contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

? UL Ani

50a C. 40.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Where the Church-yard shall be made*

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to cause a Cosmetery or Churchyard, or Ccerrieteries or Church-yards, to be taken in and inclosed from a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging to the said Henry William Portman, now in Lease to the said JVBliam Baker, situate* lying, and being in the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, heretofore Part or Parcel of a certain Close* called Spring Pond Fields containing in Length, from North to South, on the West Side thereof, Four hundred and ninety-six Feet of Assize, little more or less; and in Breadth, from East to West, in a fcevil Line on the North Side thereof, One hundred and seventy-eight Feet, Ten Inches of Assize, little more or less 5 and in Breadth from West to East, at the South End or Side thereof, One hundred and Fifty-six Feet of Assize, little more or less; and in Length on the East Side thereof, from the South East Corner of the said Ground to a Break, One hundred and Four Feet, Six Inches of Assize, little more or less; and then running Northward from the said Break Five Feet or thereabouts, and from the said Break running Northward on the said East Side to another Break, One hundred and twenty-five Feet Two Inches of Assize, little more or less and then in the said Break running Westward* One Foot Three Inches and an-Half, or therebouts; and from the last mentioned Break running Northward, on the said East Side of the said Ground Forty-six Feet Two Inches, or thereabouts j and then breaking outward, toward the East, One Foot Two Inches and an Half, or thereabouts; and from thence running Northward, on the East Side of the said Ground, One hundred Thirty-six Feet Eight Inches of Assize, little more or less; any Restriction with Regard to Place or Situation in the said Act contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in taking in and inclosing the said Cemetery or

A publick High-

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, I bat in, o

waybe set out Church-yard, or Cemeteries or Church-yards, there shall be left a publick Highway, for ever, from

through the Church-yard, fcc.

caving,

Mannei

JPower of the Minister v> appoint Two af-

Minister toap point One or Two assistant Muuilcit,

the End of a Street called Paddington Street, into, over, and through the said Cosmetery or Churchyard, or Coemeteries or Church-yards, in a straight Line, of the Breadth of the said Street, at the North West End of the said Street next to the said Ground \ and that the said Highway shall not be stopped up or inclosed at either End thereof, otherwise than by Rails and open Swing Gates, to be set up and continued by and at the foie Charge of the said Trustees; and that the said Highway shall always be paved and repaired, lighted, and cleansed, by and at the Expence of the Commissioners for w, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the said Parish o$ Saint Mary le Bone, in the same and like anneras the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said Parish, are and ought to be paved and repaired, lighted and cleansed.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs the Minister of the said Parish to appoint Two Assistance Ministers or Preachers to officiate in the new-intended Church, and in the

lUbmt prcacheri Pre^ent Church of the said Parish, by the said Act directed to be called The Parish Chapel^ by and with ^repealed. the Consent, and the Stipends therein mentioned, shall be repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the‘Minister of the said Parish for the Time being shall and may, by and with the Consent Of the Lord of the Manor of Saint Mary le Bone, and of the Patron of the Curacy thereof, and of the Vestrymen of the said Parish, as in the said Act mentioned, nominate and appoint One or Two assistant Minister or Ministers, in Pi lefts Orders, and residing in the said

v Parish, to assist the Minister of the said Parish in the Church and Chapel belonging to the said Parish;

and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said^Trustees, and they are hereby directed and required to pay, or cause to be paid, to the assistant Minister officiating in the said Chapel of the said Parish the annual Sum of Sixty Pounds out of any of the Profits arising fPom the said Chapel and Chapel-yard, by Four Quarterly Payments, in equal Portions; the First Payment to be accounted due and payable on the Day that the First Quarter of One Year expires after such his Nomination and Appointment: And that, in case the Minister of the said Parish for the Time being shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the assistant Minister officiating in the Parish Church of the said Parish the annual Sum of Sixty Pounds; that then, and in that Case, and for so long Time as* the Minister of the said Parish shall continue to pay to fuc h assistant Minister, officiating in the said Parish Church, the said annual Sum of Sixty Pounds, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby I authorised and impowered to pay, or cause to be paid, to such assistant Minister, the further and additional annual Sum of Forty Pounds, out of any of the Profits arising from the said Church, and Cce-metery or Church-yard, by Four Quarterly Payments, in equal Portions: And the said Assistance Minister or Ministers shall be removeable, in the fttme Manner as the Two assistant Ministers or Preachers may be removed by virtue of the said Act. ffroceeaif* Hull

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings of the said Trustees, either under the said for-not be valid till mer or this Act, shall be ckemetj valid, until the same shall have been confirmed and approved of at a ^wrirMeetine* Second or subsequent Meeting of the said Trustees, and shall have been signed by the Chairman of such n cc ,ng* Second or subsequent Meeting.

Vill. And be it further enacted, That when the whole Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, directed to be raised by Annuities by the said former Act, shall have been raised; that then, and as often as any Annuitant or Nominee for any Annuity shall die, it shall and may be lawful to and for the (hid Trustees* or any Nine or more of them, to make a Grantor Sale of any other Annuity or Annuities for the Piir-poses of the said former or this Act.

Mincy owing at r

One T *ne on Cre.'it ol Annui-

ties, noi to ex- l A P.

<xed 10,000l. of 1 en thou land rounds,

Trustees to grant Annuity.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That the whole Money owing at any One Time, bn the Credit of the munities granted, or to be granted, by virtue of the said Former or this Act, shall not excfced the Sum

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 41. 503

X. And be it further em&ed, That the Money arising from the Grant or Sale of such Annuities, The Money shall after the said original Sum of Ten thousand Pounds shall have been raised, shall, from Time to Time, aarp^w0t0

be applied by the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, towards paying and discharging the fe- b0ru>wed,°n7 veial Sums of Money borrowed at Loan or Interest on the Credit of the said Act, until the whole Sum so borrowed at Loan, or Interest, shall be discharged and paid off; and that when and as often as there shall be any Money in the Hands of the said Trustees, from the Grant or Sale of the said Annuities, the Names of the Creditors for the Sum so borrowed at Loan, or Interest, shall, from Time to Time, be drawn by Lot; and the Sums due to any such Creditor or Creditors, whose Name or Names shall be so drawn, shall, upon Six Calendar Months Notice having first been given to him or them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, be discharcharged and paid oft'.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses and Powers in the said Act contained, (except Clauses of the

such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall extend, and be construed to extend, to this Act, [*1 toitoi* as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this present Act. n c

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of passing this Act, and The Charge* of

all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed, out of the Mo u

nies arising by virtue of the said former or this Act. ' c c raye

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judg-Writing* to be ment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Alignment, Transfer, or other Security for the borrowing of without Stamp*. Money, or other Writing whatsoever relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Limitation tf Persons for any thing done in pursuance of the said former Act, or this Act, until Twenty-one Days Aaion8* Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Cleric or Treasurer to the said Trustees; or after fuJf*

ficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved; or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and all such Actions or Suits shall be.laid and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not in any other County or Place; and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing, for or on which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, was.done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein: And if a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants* or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become non-suited, or fufter a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits; or if, upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants Tlte may have for his, her, or their Costs, in other Cases by Law.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Publick A£; Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specully pleading the same.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for Building a Bridge over the River Thames, near the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks.

WHEREAS the Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses of the Town of Maidenheth, otherwise Pmable* Maidenhead, in the County of Berks% for the Time being, are, by virtue of several Charters,

the foie Owners and Proprietors of a Timber Bridge over the Riv-*r Thames, called Maindenheth,

otherwise Maindenhead Bridge^ and the Passage and Way thereon, and are intitled to receive and take certain Tolls therein particularly mentioned for Pontage and Passage over and under the said Bridge*

but those Tolls are very unequally laid, and not duly proportioned: And whereas the said Timber Bridge is narrow and incommodious, and so greatly decayed, that, in the Opinion of able and expe- rienced Workmen, it ought to be taken down, and a new Bridge built: And whereas the said Mayor*

Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, are desirous, for the Accommodation of the Publick, to build a new Bridge over the said River near the present Bridge; but, by an Estimate made of the Expence there- of, it appears, that the Tolls they now receive by virtue of their Charters for passing over and under the present Bridge will not be sufficient to defray the Expence of erecting a-safe and commodious Bridge; and therefore it is necessary to make some other Provisions for the same, which cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament: In order therefore to enable the said Mayor, Btidge-masters, and Burgesses, to build a.proper and convenient Bridge, and to defray the Expence thereof, and of keep- ing the same in Repair for ever; may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi'itual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

5<H Ci 41. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Mayor, &c. of That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses of the Town Maidenhead, im- of Mdidenheth, otherwise Maidenhead* for the Time being, or the major Part of them, and they are a°Ston?wdtt. hereby authorised, impowered, required, and directed, as soon as possibly may be, by themselves, their a Deputies, Agents, Workmen, Servants, and others, to build a new Bridge with Stone, Brick, and other

substantial Materials, cross the said River Thames, at a proper Distance from the present Bridge called Maidenhead Bridge, and to design, assign, and lay out, how and in what Manner the said new Bridge shall be erected, built, and completed, and to dig and make proper Foundations in the said River, and 011 the Lands and Grounds lying and being on each side thereof, for the Piers and Abutments of the said new Bridge, and to cut and level the Banks, and to level and fill up the Bed of any Part of the said River, in such Manner as the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall think necessary and proper for building the said new-intended Bridge; and to cut, remove, and take away, all Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel, Sand, Mud, or any other Impediment whatsoever, which may anywise hinder the erecting and completing' the said Bridge; and to erect and make, in or over the said River, and the Lands adjoining or near to the same, any Camp-shots. Trenches, and Landing-places, and to widen or enlarge any Bridle or Horse Roads, or any other Ways or Roads leading to the said Bridge, on each Side or the said River, so as to make the same fit for Carriages; and to make all such new or other Roads and Ways to and from such Bridge, as fnay facilitate the Approaches to, and Passage over, the said River, and to land Stones, Bricks, Timber, and all other Materials, on the Banks of the said River; and also to do, perform, and execute, all other Matters and Things requisite and necessary, useful or convenient, for erecting and building, maintaining, supporting, and improving, the said intended Bridge, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, they the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, and the Persons to be by them employed or appointed as aforesaid, doing as little Damage as may be, and making such Satisfaction as is herein after mentioned to the respective Owners and Occupiers of such Houses, Lands, and Grounds, as shall be altered, damaged, foiled, taken, or made use of, by Means or for the Purposes of this present Act.

How the Bridge

II. And, to the Intent the Navigation of the said River names may not in anywise be prejudiced

shall'bebuilt. < or obstructed, and that the Road over the said Bridge may be made convenient, safe, and comrao-c -dious,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Che said new Bridge shall consist of such Number of Arches as the said Mayor* 1 Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall think proper and requisite, and that the Span of the Center Arch of the said Bridge shall be at least Thirty-four Feet, the Height of the said Arch half its Diameter, and the Center of the said Arch at least Two Feet and Six Inches above the Bed of the River; and that the Coach and Footways over the said Bridge shall together be at least Twenty-nine Feet wide, and be properly guarded on each Side by a Stone Fence, and that the said Bridge shall be fenced on each Side with Stone; and no House or Building shall be set up, erc&ed, or built, upon the said Bridge, except a Toll-house or Toll-houses, in case the said Mayor, Bridge matters; and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall judge it requisite and necessary for the Purposes of this Act.

Ma?°T>III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, appumt cers, an(j Burgesses, or the major Part of them, by any Writing under their Common Seal, shall and may cle<5l and appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or lad Cm *le&orsi of the Tolls herein after directed to be taken, and also a Surveyor or Surveyors; and from

other*. Time to Time, as they shall see Occ alion, remove such Officers, and appoint new Ones, in case of such Removals or Death; and out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, shall and may make such Allowances to the said respective Officers,- and other Persons, employed by them in pursuance of this Act, for their Care and Pains, as to the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part ‘^AcwunTInl seem reafoliable; and such Clerk or Clerks, ‘TreafMrei' TreafWefs^J^effiver'cfe Ref*

a\Viitmgj dec.*" edvers. Collector or Collectors, and every of them, shall, from Time to Time, when thereunto required, at any Meeting of the said Mayor*, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, or at any other Time to be by them for that Purpose ordered and appointed, deliver, in upon Oath, (which Oath any Two of them are hereby impowered to administer), a true, exact, and per fed Account, in Writing, under their respective Hands, of all Monies which he or they respectively shall to such Time have received and disbursed by virtue of this Act on account of his or their Office or respective Offices, and also the Vouchers for the Payments f made by them respectively: And in case the said Clerks, /Treasurers, Receivers, or Collectors, or any of them, shall neglect dr refuse to make and deliver such Accounts in Manner aforesaid, or shall not pay the Money remaining, and deliver all Bocke, Papers, and Writings, in their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution or this Act, or the Matters therein contained, and which shall then be in his or theif Hand or Hands, unto the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, or such Per foil or Persons as they shall, by Writing under their Common Seal impower to receive the same; then, and in either of the said cases, any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Berks, or Town of Maidenhead* shall make Inquiry of and concerning such Default, in a summary Way, as well by the Confession of the Parties themselves as by the Testimony of One or more Witness Oi Witnesses, upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justices are hereby required and impowered to administer); and if any Person dr. Persons shall be thereof convidkd, such justices shall commit the Party or Parties often ding lo the Cotfnty Gaol, there -to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they’ shall have made ia true and perfedi Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall have compounded for the same4, and paid the Conrposition-money *to the said Mayx>r, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, (which Composition they, r the major Part of

them,

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 41. 505

them, are hereby impowered to make and receive)? or until he or they shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or given Satisfaction in respect of the same, to the said Mayor, Bridge-matters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them.

IV. And, in Consideration of the great Expence that will attend the building the said Bridge, and to^f e*

the repairing and supporting the same, and the making the said Roads, Ways; and Passages, and the keeping the same in good Repair, and of the Loss which the said Mayor, Bridge-matters, and Burgesses, n*

will futtain by the ceasing of the several Tolls which at present they are intitled to take and receive by virtue of the aforesaid Charters,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said new Bridge, while in building, and when built, shall be the property of, and is hereby vetted in, the said Mayor, Bridge-matters, and Burgesses, for the Time being, forever; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Bridge-matters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter, to ere<SI, or cause to be crcdted, a Gate or Gates, and also aToll-house or Toll-houses, at, upon, or near, the said new-intended Bridge; and that the Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Mayor, Bridge-matters, and Burgesses, or the major Parr of them, shall and may ask, demand, receive, recover, and take the following Sums of Money, before any Horse,

Cattle, Beast, Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through such Gate or Gates; that is to say,

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Hearse, Chariot, Chaise, Chair* Calash, or other Carriage, drawn The Tolls by Six Horses, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three or Four Horses, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses, the Sum of Four-pence; and drawn by One Horse, the Sum of Twopence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, drawn by One Horse, the Sum of Two-pence j and drawn by Two Horses, the Sum of Three-pence, and drawn by Three Horses, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny; and drawn by Four Horses, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by Five or Six Horses, the Surn of Nine-pence; and drawn by Seven or Eight Horses, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence, per Score; and so in proportion for every greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, and Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in proportion fore\ery greater or less Number.

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of a Toll or Pontage; Tolhveftedia and the Monies to be so collected and and received, by Authority of this A<SI, are hereby vetted in the M*jor, &c.

said Mayor, Bridge-matters, and Burgesses, for the Time being, and the same, and every Part thereof,

shall be paid to them accordingly, and shall be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in such Manner as is by this Act directed: And if any Person or Persons subject or liable toTo1l*m»ybe the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall refuTe to pay the same, or any Part thereof, it shall be law- ].evicd ^rorml>ur" ful for the Person or Persons that shall be appointed to collect the said Tolls, to refuse to permit to pass over such new Bridge, or through the said Gate, any Horse or other Cattle, or any Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, Chair, Hearse, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, upon or in respect whereof any such Toll is imposed by this Act, and to seize and distrain any Horse or other Cattle, or any Carriage whatsoever, upon or in respc*d whereof any such Toll is by this Act imposed, or any other of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, as ought to pay the same wheresoever the same may be found, and shall and may detain such Distress for any Time not exceeding the Space of Four Days, and then, if such Tolls, together with the Costs and Charges of such Seizure, Distress, and Detainer, shall not be fully paid and satisfied, the Person or Persons so distraining, shall and may fell the Cattle or other Goods so <ii It rained, returning the Overplus of the Money to arise by such Sale, (if any shall be), qpon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Toll, and all reasonable Charges occasioned by such Distress and Sale, shall be deducted.

V. Provided always. and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall to be subject or liable to the Payment of any of the Tolls herein-before granted, more than Once in any but °ncc*Dar* One Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, for patting with the same Horse, Beatt, or Carriage, over the said new-intended Bridge, or the present Timber Bridge, such Person or Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that such Toll hath been paid on that Day; all which Tickets the Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls are hereby required to gratis, on Receipt of such Tolls.

VI. And whereas it will be a considerable Time before the said new-intended Bridge will be passable, Toll* granted b> 4 and it is reasonable that the Toils herein-before granted should take Place at the Time the Tolls autho- Charter toceuc rife 1 to be taken by the said Mayor, Bridge-matters, and Burgesses, by virtue of their said Charters as and nc* oncito aforesaid, are to cease;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several and l>iav5« respective Tolls for patting over and under the present Bridge, which were granted to the said Mayor,

Bridge* matters, and Burgesses of the said Town of Alaidenhcth, other wise Maidenhead, by their said Charters, shall, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, cease, determine, and be no longer paid; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the Contrary hereof notwithstanding.

506 C. 41. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Trustees may tredl Gates, fee. wd take Tolls.

Mayor, &c. may lower the Tolls.

Tolls to be free from Taxes, &c.

Mayor, &c. may lcale the Tolls.

Exemption irvm Tolls*

Penalty on illegal Claims,

Penalty on evading the Tolls.

Mayor, frc.may

contract for building the Bridge.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Pay of Juns* One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, to ere#, or cause to be ere#ed, a Gate or Gates, and also a Toll-house or Toll-houses, at or near or upon the present Timber Bridge, called Maidenhead Bridge, and there to ask, demand, receive, recover, and take, before any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through any such Gate or Gates, the several Tolls or Sums of Money herein-before mentioned to be taken (or the Passage over the new-intended Bridge, by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, for collestine, levying, and recovering thereof, as are given by this Act, for colle#ing and levying the same, from Persons passing and repassing over the said liew-intended Bridge.

VIII. ' And be it further enacted, That if the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, think proper to lower the said Tolls, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, and to take less for passing over the said intended Bridge than the Sums herein-before mentioned and authorised to betaken, it shall and may be lawful for them, from Time to Time, so to do, and afterwards at any Time or Times, at their Wills and Pleasure, to raise the said Tolls, so as not to exceed the said respective Sums herein-before mentioned and authorised to be taken, for passing over the said new-intended Bridge.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Tolls hereby imposed shall be freed, exempted, acquitted, exonerated, and discharged, of and from the Payment of all parliamentary, parochial, and other Taxes, Rents, Assessments, and Impositions, and of all Tithes, Oblations, Obventions, and Duties whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, from Time to Time, by any Writing under their Common Seal, to lease the Tolls herein-before granted, or any Part or Parts thereof, and to any Person or Persons, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Three Years at any One Time for the best Rent that can be got for the same, payable at such Times, and under such Covenants, and to such Person or Persons, as they the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall dire# or appoint; and the Money arising thereby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls herein-before granted are directed to be applied

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken by virtue of this Act, for the passing of any Cattle drawing any Carriage laden with Materials for repairing any Highway or Road, or to be used in or about building the new-intended Bridee; or laden with any Dung, Mould, or Compost, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, for manuring of Gardens or Lands; or laden with Hay, or with Coin in the Straw, to belaid up in any Houses within the Distance of Two Miles from the said Bridge j or for Cattle draw ing any Coaches or Carriages with Passengers, or from Passengers on Horseback, going to or returning from unv Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament for the Counties of Berks and Bucks; or for any Haft Horse or Cart, carrying the Mail or Packet; or for the Horses of any Soldiers upon their March, or for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons, attending them; or for Cattle or Carriages travelling with Vagrants, sent by Pafles.

XII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That if any Person shall claim and take Be-netit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being intitled to the lame, every such Person shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; whereof One Moiety shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, to be applied towards the building, repairing, and maintaining the said Bridge.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times unload, or cause to be unloaded, from any Carriage, any Grain, Goods, Wares, Merchandise*, or any other Thing whatsoever, or take off any Horse or other Beast of Draught, from any Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Wheel-carriage, with an Intent to avoid paying any or the Tolls hereby granted and imposed, every Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are1 hereby authorised and directed to contract and agree with any Person or Persons whomsoever, to ere# and build the said Bridge, and to repair, maintain, support, and improve the same when built, in such Manner as the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall judge proper; and also that they, or the major Part of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to treat, contract, and agree, for the Purchase of any Messuages, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which they shall think fit and necessary to be removed, or employed or made use of for the erecting and building 'he laid new-intended Bridge, or for the repairing, amending, and improving the same, from Time to Time; and also for making and opening proper Ways, Roads, and Passages, on each Side of any Part of the said new-intended Bridge, or fiear or adjoining to either End thereof, leading to and from the same, with the Owners and Occupiers of such Messuages, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and with other Persons interested in the same; and also to settle, fix, adjust, and agree, with such Owners and Occupiers, and Persons interested therein, or any of them, what Recompence, Compensation, or Satisfaction, ought reasonably to be made to such Owners or Occupiers for any Lodes, Damages, or Expences, which they respectively shall or may sustain. or be put unto, for or by reason or on account of the Building of the said Bridge, or the making and laying out the said Ways, Roads, and Passages, or the Execution of any of the Powers given by this Act;

1 and

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 41. 507

and shall and may, by and dut of the Money to be raised and collected by virtue of this Act, or out of any Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, pay as well for the PurchrTe of all such Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and for such Losses, Damages, and Expences, to be so fu(lamed as aforesaid, as also such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be contracted and agreed to be paid for the same respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Surveyor*, &c. the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or such other Person or Persons as he and they shall employ or appoint may dig Gravel for that Purpose, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorised and impowered, from Time for "Pairiu6 the to Time, to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away Gravel, Stones, Chalk, Sand, Flmts, Ballast, or Brld6e> other Materials proper for building or repairing the said Bridge, or making or repairing the Ways,

Roads, or Passages to, from, or over the same, in, upon, or out of or from any waste Ground or w iste Grounds, Common or Commons, River or Brook, without paying any Consideration or making any Satisfaction for the same, they the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or Other Persons, filling up the Pits or Holes, and levelling the Grounds from which such Materials shall be so taken, or railing or fencing the same, so that such Pits or Holes be not dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also in, upon, or out of and from any Lands and Grounds of any Person and Persons whatsoever, not being a Yard, Garden,

Orchard, Park, Paddock, Wood, Coppice, Nursery Walk, or Avenue planted with Trees for the Ornament of any House, such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, having Order from the said Mayor, Bridge-matters, and Burgcfll*s, or the major Part of them* for so doing, and filling up the Pits or Holes, and levelling the Ground from which such Materials shall be taken, and piving or offering to pay to the respective Owners aid Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for the Damages they respectively shall thereby fudain, as the said Mayor, Bridge-matters, and Burgesses, or the m'^jor Part of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning the same, any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Materials shall be so cut, digged, gathered, and taken or carried away from, shall and may, on Ten Days Notice thereof to be given by the said Surveyor or Surveyors to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by such Owners or Occupiers to the said Surveyor or Surveyors respectively, to be left at their respective Places of Abode with some or One of their respective Families, hear, settle, and determine the Matters in Dispute, and ascertain what Damages shall be paid; and the Order and Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XVI. Provided always, That no Materials as aforesaid shall be had or taken out of the River Thames^ Proviso# (other than Drift Sand), without the Consent of the Commissioners for the Improvement of the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Iftsy or any Five or more of them, first had and obtained for that Purpose; any Thing herein before contained to the Contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XVII. And whereas it may happen that some Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, Bodie* Polirick,

Femcs-covert, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, or others, who are seised or possessld of or intitkJ ro Ac;

Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which may be necessary and requisite to be purchased

and made use of for the Purposes of this Act, may be willing to treat and agree for the Sale or Dispo- thereof

fition of such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, but are under a Disability of making Lind*,

an effectual Grant or Conveyance of the same for the Purposes aforesaid be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, and Administ.a-tors. Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees whatsoever, on Behalf of any Infants, Femes-covert,

Lunaticks, Idiots, or Cefruique Trusts, and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to treat, contract and agree with the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burg ffes, or the major Part of them, for the Sale of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, for the Purposes aforesaid, and to sell and convey Qr let the same to the said Mayor, Bridge-matters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, or to such Person and Persons in Trust for them, and in such Manner as the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall direct, and as Occasion shall require; and that all Contrasts and Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the Contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding: And all Bodies Politick,

Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indem-. nified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Bodies Politick or be of

Corporate, or other Person or Persons so (cifed, possessed, imitled, or interested, as aforesaid, shall refuse b *

to treat, or shall not agree for the Sale of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part jeury# or Parts thereof, or for their Interest therein, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented froni treating; then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, before any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County wherein such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are respectively situate, to give, or cause to be given, to such Owners, or Persons interested, Trustees or Committees respectively, or to the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or leave, or cause to be left, at the House of the Tenant in Possession of any such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments so intended to be purchased, and purporting that the Value thereof will be adjusted and settled by a Jury at the said Semon, and the Justices at their said Session, upon Proof made to theiti of such

508 C. 41.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

the Tolls.

Notice having been so given or left, are hereby authorised and required to charge the Jury which shall ' attend at such Session, or some other Jury of Twelve honest Men, to be then and there impanelled and returned by the Sheriff of the County of Berks or Bucks, as the Case shall require, without Fee or Reward, and cause them to be sworn well and truly on their Oaths to assess the Value of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments comprised, specified, and described in the said Notice, of the Damages and Recompence to be given for the same, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be intended to be used for the Purposes of this Act, to the respective Owners, Occupiers, and Persons interested, according to their respective Interests therein; and the said Justices are hereby required to administer such Oath to the said Jury; and the said Mayor, Bridge-matters, and Burgesses, and all Parties interested, shall have their lawful Challenges to the said Jury; and the said Jury being so charged and sworn as arore-laid, and after proper Evidence on Oath to them given concerning the Nature, Quantity, and Value of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or such Part of Parts thereof as aforesaid, shall, by their Verdict, assess, declare, and ascertain the Quantum of the Damages and Recompence to be given for the same to such respective Owners, Occupiers, and Persons, according to their respective Interests therein; and such Verdict of the said Jury shall bind, and be final and conclusive to the said Mayor, Bridge-matters, and Burgesses, and to all Persons and Parties interested in the said Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments.

M«nty agreed to

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Sums of Money, Confi-bc given for any derations, Recompence, or Satisfaction, as shall be agreed for or aflelled as aforesaid, for the Purchase Purchase, &c. to of or Damage done to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, shall be, and ke paid out of j5 ancj are charged anj chargeable upon the Tolls by this Act granted and made payable, and shall be paid thereout, or out of the Monies to be borrowed upon the Credit of the fan e, to the respective Persons intitkd thereto; and that upon the Payment of such Sum or Sums which shall be so assessed for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid, or Tender thereof, or in case any Person or Persons, after Ten Days Notice to be given to him, her, or them, or left at the House of the Occupier of the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to receive the same, then, upon leaving the same in the Hands of the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Mayor, Bridge-masters; and Burgesses, to be paid upon Demand to such Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Bridge-matters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, their Workmen or Agents, to enter upon and take Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as aforesaid, and to hold and employ the same, or such Part thereof as they shall think fit, for the Purposes of this Act, and to do all and every such Act, Matter, and Thing, with relation thereto, as they the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall, from Time to Time, think necessary or convenient.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, at their First or any subsequent Meeting, upon the Credit of ihc Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof arising by virtue of this Act, in such Manner as they shall think proper, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit; and may and are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings under the Seal of the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, to mortgage or assign over the said Tolls herein-before granted, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, for any Time or Term they shall think fit, as a Security or Securities for, and redeemable on Payment of, the several Sums that shall be so borrowed, and the Interest thereof; and Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments, or Abstracts thereof, shall be entered in a Book or Bdoks, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Mayor, Bridge-matters, and Burgesses, which shall be produced to any Person who shall have advanced Money No Money may vn the Credit of this Act; but no Money shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Tolls after mthe^Trft Meeting, unless Notice be^for that Purpose affixed in Writing upon such Gate or Gates,

Meetin- wither which shall be then erected by virtue of this Act, or at which the said Tolls shall be collected, at least

Pubbck Nonce. Fourteen Days before the borrowing thereof; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Alignment*may Mortgage or Alignment shall be made, or any Persons claiming, or who shall be intitled to the Money he transferred, thereby secured, is and are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, by Assignment under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be indorsed on the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, duly executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, to assign or transfer his, her, or their Kight to the Principal and liuercft-money thereby secured, and to the Tolls made liable to the Payment thereof* unto any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so toties quotes; and that such Assignment or Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, within Three Months after the Date thereof; and

3 Treasurer or Clerk shall cause an Entry or Memorandum to be made of every such Assignment

loTihat Purpose. or Transfer, containing the Dates, Parties Names, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, for each of which Entries the said Treasurer or Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry shall be made, and not before, such Assignment or Transfer shall intitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignee or Assignees may in like Manner assign or transfer again, and so toties quo ties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made any such Assignment or Transfer, to make void, Creditors to be rc]eare^ or discharge the same, or any Monies then due > and all and every Person and Persons to whom m any Mortgage or Assignment shall be made as aforesaid shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums

Money may be bjricweO upon. th 1 edit of the Toi*s,

and be Toll* afttgr.cf! as >e-cunty for Payment,

Alignment* to be not fkd to the Treasurer,

therein mentioned. Creditors on such Tolls in equal Degree one with another.

and shall have no Preference

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 41. 509

strence in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies; and that all Persons to whom any Sum def»rou» or Sums of Money to be borrowed shall be due, and who shall be desirous of being repaid the Money ivt

due to them as aforesaid, shall be obliged to give Six Months Notice in Writing to the Treasurer o; si)C Months^N*-Clerk to the said Mayor, Bridge-mailers, and Burgesses, of his or their Intention to call in the same. ticetoihe

Mayor, ;xc.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, Application of and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall pay, and dispose of, the Toils granted and made paya- the Tolls, ble by this Act, and also the Monies to be raised upon the Credit thereof respectively in Manner following- (that is to say), in the first Place, for paying and discharging all the Costs and Expences attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and also the Charges and Expences of repairing, supporting,.

and maintaining, the present Bridge at Maidenhead aforesaid, until the said intended Bridge shall be built, finished, completed, and made pailable; and also in and about the building the said intended Bridge, and making the necessary Roads, Ways, and Passages, to and from the same, and for other Purposes directed to be executed, done, and performed by this Act, at such Times, and in such Manner, as herein mentioned, until the said intended Bridge shall be finished and completed, and for the other Purposes of this Act.

XXII. Provided always, That the Treasurer or receiver of the Tolls hereby granted shall, and he is Jo bT Twlc-" hereby required. Twice in every Year, to discharge, out of the Monies which shall come to his Hands cvcfy'yearT'1* by virtue of this Act, the Interest which shall be then due on all Mortgages or Securities made or fe-

cuied by virtue of this Act, if the same shall be demanded, in preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor Bridge-masters, and Burgessts, or the major SecuVltJ to Part of them, shall take Security from their Treasurers, Collectors, and all other Officers. for the due yreeanfur^m 1 e Execution of their respective Offices.

XXIV. Provided always, That no Victualler, ‘or Retailer of Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, shall Vifluaiiert, *c.

be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act. PUcVof Profiu

XXV. And, for preventing the wilful and malicious destroying or damaging the said intended Persons destroy--4 Bridge, or any Part thereof, or interrupting the building of the same,’ be it further enacted, That if "®whe,

any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously blow up, pull down, or otherwise destroy or da- 'guihy

mage the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or shall unlawfully, wilfully, and maliciously, and with- of felon/, out Authority from the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, remove, take away, or damage the Coffer, Dam or Dams, Scaffolding, Tools, Utensils, Barges, Lighters, or destroy any Works or Materials thereunto belonging, or attempt so to do, or in anywise direct or procure the same to be done, whereby the said Bridge, or the Works or Materials thereof, may be damaged, or the Lives of Passengers endangered, every such Offender or Offenders, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every such Felon shall be fubied to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall, and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Person or Persons to any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by any of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXVI. And, for preventing Trespasses, Damages, and Mischiefs being done and committed byosmewof- evil-minded or disorderly Persons rowing, navigating, or managing any Boats, Barges, Lighters, or Barges, &c.

other Vessels, in or upon the said River Thames^ and to the End that the Mailers and Owners of adc »nfwcrable such Boats, Barges, Lighters,' or other Vessels, may be more careful therein,’ be it further enacted, for theu That all and every Master and Matters, Owner and Owners, of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, shall be, and is, and are hereby made answerable and responsible for any Damage or Mischief that shall be wilfully or negligently done by his or their Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Veflll* or by any of the Boatmen, Bargemen, or Watermen, or any of the Crew of, in, or belonging to any such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or Veil'd, to the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or to any of the Works which shall be erected, or erecting, or carrying on by virtue of this Act; and the said Matter or Ma-

Hers, Owner or Owners, of every such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or Vefld, shall and may be by the said Mayor, Bridge-matters, and Burgesses, sued for every such Trespass or Damage which shall be so done, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and shall be liable to pay such Damages as any Jury shall assess for the same.

XXVII. And whereas it may happen that the said new-intended Bridge may hereafter receive such AFerryorTVm* Damage that the Passage thereof may for a Time become dangerous or impradicablebe it further P°rary enacted, That in all such Cases it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, Bridge*not C or the major Part oPthem, from Time to Time, as often as Occasion shall require, to provide a pro- paffrbie. per and convenient Ferry or Fcirics cross the said River Thames^ or to erext or build a Temporary Bridge at such Place or Places as they shall judge to be most proper and convenient, and as near to the said Bridge as conveniently may be, and there to take for Passage over the said River by such Ferry or Ferries, or Temporary Bridge, such Rates or Tolls as are herein-before directed to be paid for passing over the said new-intended Bridge.

XXVIII. Provided always, That such Ferry or Ferries, or Temporary Bridge, shall not continue Pwfo. for any longer Time than the Passage over the said Bridge shall or may be dangerous or impracticable as aforesaid.

XXIX.

5io C. 41.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

ccpted.)

NoFeriyth*

XXIX. Provided also, That no Ferry or Ferries* than as aforesaid, shall at any Time hereafter be as aforesaid to set up or used within the Difhnce of Orie Mile from the prei'ent Bridge, or intended Bridge.

be let up within

Ona Mile's Distance.

Bridge to be cal-

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge, when built, shall be called by the Name of led Maidenhead Maidenhead Bridge, and shall be so named and intitled in all legal Proceedings whatsoever 5 and that Bridge. the lame shall be deemed and taken to be comprised in, and to be Part of the Parish of Bray, in the said County of Berks.

Count*XXXI. Provided always, That the said new-intended Bridge shall not be deemed a County Bridge,

oun y n gc. fl0r subject the said Counties of Berks or Bucks, or either of them, to repair or suppdrt the same.

Nottoinjure

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That

Houses, &c. (ex- nothing in this Act contained shall authorise or impower the said Mayor, Bridgemasters, and Burgesses, reptisherein ex- to purchase, take down, remove, injure, or damage any House or other Building, or any Yard, Garden,

or Wharf, or any Walk of Trees, or Avenue to any House, unless the Owner or Owners thereof shall consent thereto, (except the Dwelling house. Yard, Out-houses, and Premises belonging to Ralph Rib hinfon, and Part of the Yard or Wharf belonging to Penystone Powney Esquire, extending in Length from the said Messuage of Ralph Robinson to the present Turnpike house, and in Breadth not exceeding Fifty Feet, and a Shed or Out house now (landing thereon; and also except Two Messuages or Tenements, with the Outhouses and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the several Occupations of the late jamin Dafforn and Christopher Poulton; all which said Premises are situate at or near the West End of the new-intended Bridge; and also except Part of the Garden in the Occupation of John March, lying opposite to an Inn called The Orkney Arms, in the Parish of Taplow, in the said County of Bucks, as the same runs South and Eall from the Angle of the said Garden next the present Bridge, by a Line to be drawn from a Point at the Dittance of f ifty Feet on the South Side of the said Angle, to a Point at the

Distance of Fifty Feet on the East Side thereof; all which Premises are hereby meant and intended to

be taken down or made use of for the Purpose of building the said Bridge, and opening and makings commodious Road and Way to and from the same); any Thing herein contained to the Contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as soon as the said new Bridge shall be completed and finished, and fit for the Passage of Horses, Cattle, Beasts*, and Carriages, the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, are hereby required to take down the present Bridge called Maidenhead Bridge.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things whatsoever, herein contained, shall commence and take Place from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

XXXV. And be it further enacted be the Authority aforesaid, That the said Maybr, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall meet at the Town-hall of the Town of Maidenhetby otherwise Maidenheadj on the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall then, and from Time to Time after* wards, adjourn themselves, to meet at such Place or Places within the said Town, or near the said new* intended Bridge, as they the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them,

All Order*, fee/ shall, from Time to Time, think most convenient for putting this Act in Execution; and thit all Or-<0 be m»de at ders and Determinations of the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of thettit in Execution of this Act, shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise: And that in case there shall not appear at such First Meeting, or any subsequent Meeting, a sufficient Number to ad and to adjourn; then, and in such Case, the Clerk for the Time being shall and may, from Time to Time, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day, to be held at the same Place within the Space of Seven Days from such Adjournment, and shall cause publick Notice in Writing to be fixed upon the Market-house in Maidenhead, and the Toll-house upon or near the said new-intended Bridge, Three Days before the Day thereby to be appointed for such Meeting.

XaXVI. Provided always, That neither the said Mayor, or either of the Bridge-masters, nor any of to be concerned the said Burgesses', shall be concerned in any Contract for building, repairing, or supporting the said In any Coatrtft. Bridge, or for furnishing any Materials for building or repairing the same, or shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act; but the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, or such of the said Burgesses as are in the Commission of the Peace, may nevertheless act as Justices in the Execution of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and being signed by the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Bur-

lAiyor. Sec. to «»ke down the present Bridge.

Commencement of the Ad.

Time and Place Meeting.

publick Meet-injt.

Mayer, Bee. not

Proceeding* to be entered m Books.

gestes, or the major Part of them, or their Clerk or Treasurer, shall be deemed and taken to be original Ordeis; and such Book or Books, and also the Entries of all Grants and Assignments of the Tolls hereby made payable, and also of the Transfer of such Grants and Assignments, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in any Suits or Actions touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Infer-mn ut Scrap*. mat jon> Order, Judgment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Grant, Assignment, Transfer, or other Security, foj the borrowing of Money, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Seal of the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by,

wy

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 41. 511

any Justice or Justices of the Peaoe, or exhibited before them, or any of them, touching, concerning, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vested in the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or of any of them, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures Htw Penalties by this Act laid and imposed, (the Manner of levying and Recovery whereof is not otherwise particu- «etoberecoM, N larly directed) shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place wherein the respective Offender or Offenders shall reftde, or the Offence or Offences shall be committed, either by the Confession of such Offender or Offenders, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and directed to administer without Fee or Reward) be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the*Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices, {which Warrant or Warrants he or they is and are hereby impowered and required to grant); and the Overplus, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are thereout deduded, shall be returned, upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) from Time to Time paid to the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or to their Treasurer or Clerk, and applied in the Execution of the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place wherein such respective Offences shall be committed, or the Offender or Offenders reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Months, nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Persons, for Offences committed by the OftMert-working or using of any Ferry across the said River, and all other Offences committed upon the said proceeded' River, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be proceeded against and convicted agamiU before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Brrk$\ and the Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be levied, or rne Offenders committed, as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner as if, such Offence had been committed within the said County.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person Jam»mkmof or Persons for any Thing done, or to be Jone, in pursuance of this Act, in every such Case the Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Fad committed and not afterwards; and shall belaid in the said County of Berks, and not else where; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Ifitic, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in c*aiI" Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear lb to be done, oiMhat such Action or Actions shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other County than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Aw'ion or Suit; or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; or if, upon Demuner, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover reble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for TreWe the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself *PP«a-kt aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quar- cr’ 00H ter-sessions of the Peace to be held for the County of Berks., within Four Calendar Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given. Fourteen Days Notice, at the least, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the Lid Mayor, Bridge masters, and Burgesses, and within Seven Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Berks, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide by the Order of, the said Quarter-sessions; and the said Justices, at the said Sessions, upon due Proof of fuel Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine such Appeal in a summary Way; and if they fee Cause may, by Order of such Session, mitigate at their Discretion all or any of the said Penalties or Forfeitures, or vacate or set aside any Conviction or Convictions, but not for want of Form only, and set the Party at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the same, and award such Costs as they shall think proper; and the Determination of the said Justice9 at such Quarter-session, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari, or other Process whatsoever.

XLIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing herein contained shall be construed For prrfemaf in anywise to lessen or abridge the Power granted to the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses R,shtsoftbt the fa 1 i sown of Maindenhttb, otherwise Maidenhead, by their Charters, (except with respect to the Corporation* several oils granted (or Pontage and Passage over and under the said Bridge, which are hereby n eant and m‘.ended to cease and determine) but that the said 'Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, shall continue to hold and enjoy all such Rights, Privileges, Benefits, and Advantages, as are granted to them in

and

512

[Publick Act.]

C. 42. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

and by their said Charters* (except as before excepted) in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they did before the passing of this Act, or could or might have done in case this Act had not been made; any Thing in this Act to the Contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, that this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for settling and determining what Parts of the Precinct of the Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, shall be under the Survey of the Court of Exchequer, and what Parts thereof under the Survey of the Duchy of Lancaster.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS within the Liberty of the Savoy, Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster,' in the County of Middlesex, there is a certain Place or Piece of Ground, formerly the 4'Scite of the Manor of the Savoy, and now commonly known by the Name of The Precinct of the Savoy, being heretofore Parcel of the Possessions of the said Duchy: And whereas by certain Letters Patent, under the Seal of the said Duchy of Lancaster, bearing Date the Third Day of April, in the Second Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, the said King granted and confirmed the said Place or Piece of Ground, (by the Description of the Scite of the Manor of the Savoy, or a certain Place or Piece of Ground called The Savoy, Parcel of the Duchy of Lancaster, lying in the Parishes of Saint Clement Danes, without the Bars of the New Temple, London, and the Blessed Mary le Strand,

in the County of Middlesex, abutting as therein mentioned) unto the Executors of the Will of King Henry the Seventh, their Heirs, and Assigns, for ever, to the Intent they might erect, found,

and establim an Hospital thereon: And whereas an Hospital was, in pursuance thereof, afterwards erected, founded, and established on the said Place or Piece of Ground, which afterwards became verted in the Master and perpetual Chaplains of the Hospital of the Savoy: And whereas upon a Visitation of the said Hospital, by Sir Nathan Wright, Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, on or about the Thirty-first Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and two, the said Lora Keeper declared the said Hospital to be dillblved, and certified the same unto the Lord High Treasurer of England, and the Barons of the Exchequer, and thereupon the said Place or Piece of Ground was duly put in Charge for the Benefit of the Crown: And whereas a Doubt hath arisen in point of Law, whether the said Place or Piece of Ground, upon the Dissolution of the said Hospital, escheated to Her then Majesty Queen Anne, in Right of her Crown of England, or whether the same reverted to Her said Majesty, as Parcel of the Duchy of Lancaster, whereby it is uncertain in what Manner Leases and Grants thereof ought to be made, and the Revenues sued for, and collected; and whilst such Doubt remains, the Premises cannot be improved so as to yield the Advantage the same are capable of: And whereas by Permission of His Majesty or His Predecessors, Kings of England, there have been built and erected in and upon the said Place or Piece of Ground certain Churches, called The High German Church, and The Low German Church, and convenient Church-yards or Burying- grounds-have been inclosed adjoining or contiguous, thereto respectively; and there are also now Handing upon the said Place or Piece of Ground certain Buildings, now used as Barracks for Sol- diers, and as Prisons and Suttling-house, belonging to and for the Use of the said Barracks; and also Two Dwelling-houses adjoining or contiguous to the said Barracks, which are usually inhabited by certain of the Officers of the Army having Command of the Soldiers residing in the said Bar- racks, which are usually inhabited by certain of the Officers of the Army having Command of the SolJiers residing in the said Barracks: And whereas, for obviating and removing the said Doubt

and Inconveniencies, His Majesty is minded that the aforesaid Churches, Church-yards, Barracks, Prisons, Suttling-house, and Dwelling-houses, with the Scites thereof, shall be from henceforth v deemed, taken, and adjudged to be. Parcel of the Possessions of the Crown of this Realm, and as such be under the Survey, Rule, Order, and Government, of the Court of Exchequer; and that all the Rest and Residue of the said PI ice or Piece of Ground, with all the Buildings thereon, shall he united and annexed to the Duchy of Lancaster; His Majesty is therefore pleased and contented that it may be enacted, ordained, and established and be it enacted, ordained, and established, by the King’.', most Excellent Majesty, by an 1 with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, ard* 0ur Sovereign Lord the TKing shall from henceforth have, hold, possess, and enjoy to Him, His

Bury7ng.yar ’ Heirs and Successors for ever, in Right of His Crown, all these Two several Churches called

ground?, B*r- The High German Church, 2nd Lhe Low German Church. situate. Handing, and being within-and

rack?, fee. u;on upon the said Place or Pi ce of Ground, called The Precinct of the Savoy, in the County of ther’rccmct of Middlesex, together with the Church-yards and Burying-grounds to the same Churches adjoining and His' belonging; and also all those Buildings Handing ami being within and upon the said Precinct, Maje^y, Ic. now ufrd and employed as Barracks for Soldiers, and as Prisons and Suttling-house, belonging to the hrrcifvr\n said Barracks; and also all thofr Two Dwelling-houses, situate within and upon the said Precinct, R of His near unto a Place called The Friary, and usually occupied and enjoyed by such of the Officers of the 'hT DVelh-- Army rs ^ave Command of the Soldiers in the said Barracks, for the Time being; and also all hoC)^riliotV the Scites, Ground, and Soil, whereon the said Churches, Barracks, Prisons, Suttling-house, and near the FrUy. ’ ' Dwelling-

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 4?. 513

Dfrelling-houses respectively Rand, and the Soil of the said Church-yards and Burying-grounds respectively, together with all Ways, Paths, and Passages, to and from the same Premises respectively;

*nd that all and singular the fane Churches, Church-yards, Burying7grounds, Barracks, Prisons, Sut-tling-house. and Dwelling-houses, and the Scites, Ground, and Soil thereof, shall, by Authority and Force of this Act, be from henceforth forever in the Order, Survey, and Governance, of our said Sovereign Lord the King’s Court of Exchequer, and of the Chancellor, Officers, and Ministers of the same; and all the Farms, I dues, Rents, and Arrears of Rent, Revenues, and Profits, coming and growing of, or which have grown and are now due for the Premises, and every Part thereof, shall be ordered, taken^ received, and answered, by the same Chancellor, Ministers, and Officers, of the same Court in such and like Manner and Form as the Farms, issues, Rents, Revenues, and Profits, of other the Hereditaments, and Possessions of the Crown, within the Survey, Rule, Order, and Governance, of the King’s Court of Exchequer, and the Chancellor, Officers, and Ministers of the same Court, have been drought to be ordered, taken, received, and answered.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Rest and Residue of the said Place or Piece of Ground, Freeing called The Preci SI of the Savoy, with the Soil thereof, and all Messuages, Houses, and Buildings the Sa?oy to be whatsoever thereon, with all and every their Appurtenances, shall be, and the same are, by the hereafter Authority and Force of this Act, from henceforth, for ever, united and annexed unto the Duchy of Lan- *° the Duchy caster^ and shall be adjuJgod, deemed, and taken for ever, for and as Parcels and Members of the said of Lt0c4fter* Duchy of Lancaster, and shall be of the same Nature, (Duality, Kind, and Condition, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as others the ancient Possessions of the said Duchy (lying out of the County Palatine of Lancaster), be, and ought to be, and shall be, in the letting, setting, Order, Rule, *

Survey, Receipt, and Governance, of the Chancellor, Council, and Officers of the said Duchy of Lancaster^ for the Time being, forevermore, in like and the same Manner and Form, to all Intents and Purposes, as others the said ancient Possessions belonging to theiaid Duchy, (lying out of the said County Palatine), be, have been, or ought to be; and that ail and singular the said Messuages,

Houses, Buildings, and Ground, united and annexed to the said Duchy of Lancaster, by Authority and Force of this Act, and all and singular Grants, Leases, and Letters Patent thereof, or of any Part thereof, hereafter to be made by the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall, for evermore, pass and be made under the Seal of the said Duchy, and not under any other Seal, or otherwise, and with the like and the same Liberty and Seisin, Attornments, Ceremonies, Orders, and Circumstances in the Law, and in the same Manner and Form, as other the ancient Possessions of the said Duchy, and the Grants, Leases, and Letters Patent thereof, heretofore of ancient Time made, have used and ought to be made and passed, and not otherwise, nor in any other Manner or Form \ any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained, shall extend to abate or Nothing herein affect any Action, Information, Bill, Suit, or other Proceeding, already brought or commenced by or t°exrcnd

on the Behalf of His Majesty, in any of the Courts of Law or Equity, against any Person or Persons ^0ant*a"rc. Com-

for the Recovery of the Possession of the Premises contained or mentioned in this Act, or any Part m;nCcd on Be-

thereof, or for the Mesne Rents and Profits thereof, or any Part thereof, but that the same Actions, half of Hi* Ma-

Informations, Bills, Suits, and other Proceedings, shall and may be prosecuted and carried on in such for Reco-

and the same Manner, and with the same Validity and Eflfeft, as if this Act had been made. veryofPofression,

1 7 or for the Mesne

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in every Action, Information, Bill, or Suit, brought, or in any Inform*-commenced, or to be brought or commenced, for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall be sufficient for His tion or Suit, it Majesty to make due Proof of a Title to the Premises in Question, either in Right of His Crown, or be sufficient as Parcel of His Duchy of Lancaster; and that all and every Judgment and Decree already had, or to

be had, obtained, and pronounced therein respectively, and every Execution thereupon, shall be avail- Tine^the* able, and shall be and remain in full Force and Effect. Premise*.

V. Provided also, That in every such Action, Information, Bill, or Suit, it shall be sufficient for Proof of Title

-the Defendant or Defendants to make due Proof of a Title to the Premises in Question, derived d«rived from the from or under His Majesty, or any of His Royal Predecessors, either in Right of His Crown, or as £r°w"» *or Parcel of His said Duchy of Lanca/Jn\ and that every such Title shall be deemed, taken, an I adjudged Bar

to be, an available, sufficient, and eft'eftual Bar against His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors j any *gainst His Ma-Liw, Statute, or Usage or any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding. jeftjr.

VI. And, to the End and Intent the Premises may be laid out to the greater Advantage, and may His Majesty may, thereby be improved to their utmost Value, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That our said f«om Time to Sovereign LorJ the King, His Heirs and Successors, may, from Time to Time hereafter, at His and J mc, faflh‘p,on^ their Liberties and Pleasures, by Letters Patent, to be sealed with the Seal of the Duchy of Lmcafier, 1 C IC" limit, assign, and appoint, any Part or Parts of the Premises, which by Force of this Act are annexed

and united to the said Duchy, unto the Survey, Rule, Order, Governance, Jurisdiction, Letting, and Setting of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and the Chancellor, Officers, and Ministers of the same Court, and the Premises to be so limited, assigned, and appointed, by Force of any such Letters Patent, shall, from the Teste of the said Letters Patent, be fevered from the said Duchy, and shall from thenceforth be and remain in the Survey, Rule, Order, Governance, Jurisdiction, Letting, Setting, and Receipt, of the same Court of Exchequer, and the Chancellor, Officers, and MiniUers of the fane; and all th: Farms, I Clues, Rents, Revenues, and Profits of the Picinifcs, so to be limited,1 assigned, and appointed, shall be ordered, taken, received, and answered by the same Chmccllor, Ministers, and Officers of the same Court of Exchequer, in such and in like Manner and Form, and to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as the Farms, KTucj, Rents, Revenues, and Profits, coming Vol. XL 3 U and

514 C. 43« Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772

and growing by, or out of other the Lands and Hereditaments, being the ancient Possessions of the Crown, within the Order, Survey, and Governance of the same Court of Exchequer, and the Chancellor, Officers, and Ministers of the same have been, or ought to be ordered, taken, received, and answered; and that our said Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs and Successors, may also, from Time to Time hereafter, at His and their Liberties and Pleasures, by Letters Patent, to be sealed with the Great Seal, unite, annex, limit, assign, and appoint unto the said Duchy of Lancaster, any Part or Parts of the Premises, which, by Force of this Act, are put under the Order, Survey, and Governance of the Court of Exchequer, and the Chancellor, Officers, and Ministers of the same; and that all ' and every the Premises, which shall happen to be united and annexed to the said Duchy, by Force of any such Letters Patent, shall be, from the Tefte of the said Letters Patent, within the Order, Survey, Rule, Governance, Jurisdiction, Letting, and Setting of the Chancellor, Council, and Officers of the said Duchy of Lancisler for the Time being, as others the Possessions of the said Duchy of Lancaster, lying and being out of the said County Palatine of Lancaster^ have, used, and ought to be, and that as well all and every such Limiting, Alignment, and Appointment made, or to be made, by our said Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs and Successors, of any of the Premises, unto the Court of Exchequer, and the Chancellor, Officers, and Ministers of the same, by any Letters Patent, under the Seal of the said Duchy, as also all and every such Annexing, Limitifig Assignment, and Appointment, to be made by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of any the rremiles unto the said Duchy of Lancaster, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal, shall be as good and available as if done by Authority of Parliament.

VII. Saving to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corponte, and to their Rights, fee, to Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, and to the Heirs, Successors, and Assigns of every of them, all such whkh'th^hU Right, Title, Interest, Pofidfions, Lease and Leases, Rents, Profits, Easements, Actions, Suits, and DTtToat to the Demands whatsoever, which they or any of them should, might, or ought to have had, in, to, or out faffing hereof, of any of the Premises before the miking of this Act, and not herein or hereby expressly taken away, altered, or abridged, in like and the same Manner, Form, and Condition* to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for vesting Ely House in Holbourn, in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and for applying the Purchase money, with another Sum therein mentioned, in the purchasing of a Freehold Piece of Ground in Dover Street> and in the building and fitting up another House thereon, for the future Residence of the Bishops of Ely, and the Surplus to the Benefit of the See*, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the Right Reverend Edmund Lord Bishop of Ely is seised, in Right of his See, of a Capital Mansion house called Ely House, situate in Holbourn, in the County of Middlesex,

and the Scite thereof: And whereas since the Death of the Right Reverend Matthias, late Lord Bishop of Ely, his Lordship’s immediate Predecefibr, an Account hath been adjusted between the Representatives of the said Matthias and the said Edmund, now Lord Bishop of Ely, of the Di- lapidations incurred on the said Mansion house j and the same having been estimated at Three thousand Pounds, that Sum hath been secured ro the said Edmund, now Lord Bishop of Ely, by Bond,

bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, from Charles IVagcr Purvis Esquire, since deceased, payable as therein mentioned: And whereas, upon a proper Survey lately made of the said House, and Offices thereto belonging, it appears that the same are, from Length of Time, and other causes, become so decayed, that it hath been advised, by ex- pericnced Workmen, to rc build rather than attempt the Repair thereof: And whereas thereupon,

and as no sufficient Fund ofix-red for rebuilding, an Agreement hath been made and reduced into Writing between the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and the said Edmund, now Lord Bishop of Ely, bearing Date the Twenty-seventh Day of January\0x\z thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; whereby, after reciting, (amongst other Things), that k had been rep efented to their Lordships that the Piece of Ground whereon the said H >use flood might be rendered of considerable Advantage to the Publick, if the same could b* procured, in order thereon to erect publick Offices; and that the said Eimund Lord Bishop of Ely, beine seised and # possessed, in Right of his See, of the said Ground and House thereon, was ready and willing, so far as in him lay, to dispose of the same for the Benefit of the Publick, upon a full and adequate CW-4 penfarion being made to him and his Successors, and the said See of Ely, in lieu thereof; and that their Lordships were desirous the same might be purchased for the Service of the Publick, and that the said Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, and the said See of Ely, might, out of the Publick - Money, receive a reasonable Consideration for the same: Anl further reciting, that, upon a Treaty

between their Lordships and the said Edmund, now Lord Bishop of Ely, and upon proper Surveys taken, and Calculations made thereon, it had appeared and been agreed on, that a clear Sum of Six thousand five hundred Pounds, and a clear Annuity of Two hundred Pounds, forever, would bei full Price and adequate Consideration for such Piece of Ground and House thereon built; but that such Treaty and Agreement could not be effectually established and carried into Execution with*

1 wt

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 43. 515

c out the Authority of Parliament, it was witnessed, and the said Edmund Lord Bishop of Ely agreed and undertook that he would, with all convenient Speed, so far as in his Power lay, at his own Expence, procure an Act of Parliament to be passed for the Purpose of carrying the said Treaty into immediate Execution, and of giving the said Lord Bishop of Ely and his Successors, proper Powers to convey such Piece of Ground, and the House and Buildings thereon erected, to such Perlens, and for such Uses, as should be directed by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for that Purpose; in which Act of Parliament were to be contained proper Clauses for securing to the said Lord Bishop of Ely, or his Successors, the said Sum of Six thousand five hundred Pounds,

clear of all Deductions and Outgoings, to be paid on the Execution of the Purchase Deeds of the said Premises, in such Manner as the said Act. mould direct; and also for securing the said Annuity of Two hundred Pounds, the Produce of which should be paid to the said Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, from Time to Time, as Part of the Revenues of the said Bishoprick, in such Manner,

and under such Directions, as by the said Act of Parliament should be provided; and also that in case the said Lord Bishop of Ely should choose to have a further Sum of Money advanced in lieu of the said Annuity, or any Part thereof, that then there should be paid to him, or other proper Persons to be named in the said Act, a Sum of Money in lieu of the said Annuity, or of Part thereof, at the Election of the said Lord Bishop of Ely after the Rate of Thirty Years Purchase:

And whereas since the said Agreement a certain Freehold Piece of Ground hath been offered to the said Edmund Lord Bishop of Ely, late belonging to the Right Honourable William Lord Viscount Chetwynd, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, situate in Dover Street, in the Parities of Saint James and Saint Martin in the Fields, or One of them, in the County of Middlesex, as a proper and com- modious Spot whereon to erect a suitable Mansion-house, for the future Residence of the said Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, the Bishops of Ely, in the Room of the said ancient Mansion-house in Holbourn \ and an Agreement hath been entered into between the said Lord Bishop of Ely and Lucy Chetwynd and Esther Chetwynd, the present Owners of the said Piece of Ground, and the an- cient House an 1 Buildings thereon cre&ed in Dover Street aforesaid, for the Purchase of the said last mentioned Piece of Ground, and the House and Buildings thereon, at the Price or Sum of Five thousand six hundred Pounds, (Part of the before-mentioned Sum of Six thousand five hundred Pounds), subject to the yearly Sum of Eighteen Pounds for ever, payable out of Part of the Pre- mises, to the Right Honourable the Lor & Berkeley of Strattony his Heirs and Assigns (which last- mentioned Purchase, nevertheless, is to take Effect only in case the said prior Agreement with the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall be established and effectuated by Parliament); and if such Purchase shall take Place, it hath been proposed to pull down the old House and Buildings now Handing on the said Piece of Ground in Dover Street, and instead thereof to ered such Mansion- house as aforesaid, and to apply the said Sum of Three thousand Pounds to be received by the said Edmund, now Lord Bishop of Ely, for Dilapidations, and the Whole, or a sufficient Part of the Consideration to be paid by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, (agreeably to the Latitude given by the aforesaid Contract), for the Purpose of building and fitting up the same for Habitation,

and the Surplus (if any shall remain) for the Benefit of the See, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall appear reasonable: And whereas the Rents re- served in and by several of the Leases granted by the Bishops of Ely, in Right of the said See, are made in the said Mansion-house in Holbourn, and it hath been usual for the Bishop of Ely for the Time being to hear and d-termine Appeals from several Colleges in the University of Cambridge, as Visitor thereof, at his said House in Holbourn, and to cite all Parties concerned in such Appeals to appear at the said House; but it will be proper, upon the Alienation of the said last mentioned House, to transfer the Payment of such reserved Rents, and Exercise of such Appellate Jurisdiction,

to such new Mansion-house, to be erected for the future Residence of the Bishops of the said See,

when the same shall be so erected, and in the mean Time to provide some other proper Place or Rc- fort for the said several Purposes: And whereas the eft'eduating and accomplishing the said Agreement with the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury will be of great Advantage to the Publick,

and the several Purposls proposed to be answered in consequence thereot\will be no less beneficial to the See oi Ely \ yet for asmuch as the same cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That (from and immediately after the Payment into the Bank of England by His Majesty. His Heirs or Successors, in the Names of the said Edmund Lord Bishop of Ely, and of Owen Salujlury Breretcn ot Sbotivich Park, in the County Palatine of Chester, Esquire, and Thomas Hunt of Mol/ington, in the said County, Esquire, Trustees hereby appointed in that Behalf, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, of the full Sum of Six thousand five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, free and clear of all Taxes, Impofuions, Fees, Rewards, and other Deductions, on or before the Eleventh Day of June, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, in Part of Satisfaction and Compensation for the Purchase money of the present House called Ely House, and Scitc thereof, fitiute in Holbourn, herein after mentioned and described, to be by them the said Edmund Lord Bishop of Ely, and Oiluh Salusbury BreYiton, and Thomas Hu t, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, paid, applied, and disposed of, to and for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes bercin-after declared and enacted concerning the famej all that House called Ely Houjc, situate in Holbourn, in the County of Middlesex, and all that and those the Chapel, Coach-houses, Stables, and other Offices, Gardens, and Yard thereto belonging,

516 43.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Receipt of the Gafhier to be a fufRcient Dif-ciurge.

How Compenfa* son shall be made for the Prt miles.

Receipts of the Bjshop of Ely to be fuflficieot Discharges.

whh all the Rights, Members, Privileges, Immunities, Exemptions, Ways, Paths, Passages, Ease-ments, Commodities, Emoluments', Advantages, and Appurtenances to the said House and Premises, or any Part thereof, and usually held and enjoyed therewith, (save and except hereout all the ancient Walls and Fences, which circumscribe the several Messuages or Tenements now held by the Right Honourable Anthony Earl of Shaftsbury, under a Lease from the late Lord Bishop of Ely, With free Liberty of Ingress and Egress, to repair or rebuild the said Walls, and without Prejudice to all Lights necessary to the said Messuages or Tenements, or such other Buildings as may hereafter be erected on the Scite of the said Premises,) shall be, and be deemed to be, and are hereby declared to be, veiled in and annexed to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, and shall be and remain for ever unalienable from the Tame; and His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the Imperial Crown of this Realm, shall for ever have, hold, and enjoy the same against the said Edmund Lord Bishop of Ely, and all and every Person and Persons claiming or to claim, from or under or in Right of the said Episcopal See of Ely. freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and indemnified of, from, and against all former Grants, Charters, Titles, Estates, Leases, or other Incumbrances whatsoever, made or granted of the said House, Scite, and Premises, or any Part thereof, saving unto the said now Lord Bishop of Elyf, and his Successors, Bishops of the said See of Ely, all other the lawful Privileges, Royalties, Franchises, and Jurisdictions, which of Right do belong and appertain to him and them in Right of the said Bishoprick, to be had, used, exercised, and enjoyed, except in and upon the Premises hereby alienated, or any Part thereof, or within the Bounds or Circuits of the same.'

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receipt or Receipts of the proper Cleric or Cashier, Clerks or Cashiers, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under his or their Hand or Hands respectively, testifying the Payment of the said Sum of Six thousand five hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, by thfc Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Trea-furer for the Time being, or such Persons or Person as he or they, or any Three of them, shall order and direct to pay the same into the Bank of England, in the Names of the said Edmund Lord Bishop of Ely, and Owen Salusbury Brereton, and Thomas Hunt, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, shall be a sufficient and full Discharge to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or such other Persons or Person so paying the same, their, his, or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, of and for the said Sum of Six thousand five hundred Pounds, and every Part thereof, or so much thereof as such Receipt or Receipts shall be given for; and that His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all and every such other Persons and Person as aforesaid, upon and after such Receipt or Receipts given as aforesaid, shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the said Sum of Six thousand five hundred Pounds, and every Part thereof, notwithstanding any subsequent Loss, Non-application, or Misapplication of the same, or any Part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in additional Satisfaction, and in full Compensation of and for the said House and Scite thereof, and other the Premises so veiled in and annexed to the Crown as aforesaid, there shall be paid to the said Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, for ever, as Part of the Revenues of the said Bishoprick, and to be applied and disposed of as herein after mentioned, One Annuity or yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, free and clear of all Parliamentary or other Taxes, Payments, Fees, Charges, and Deductions whatsoever, payable by even and equal Half-yearly Payments, on the Eleventh Day of June and the Eleventh Day of December, in every Year; the First of such Half-yearly Payments to be made on the Eleventh Day of December, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, now next ensuing; and the said Annuity or yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds, lawful Money aforesaid, shall be so paid and payable to the said Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors respectively, for the Time being, in Manner aforesaid, by the respective Receivers-general of the Duties or Revenues of the several Offices that shall hereafter be established and appointed to be held within the Scite of the said House, and other the Premises respectively, and at such Offices respectively,

from and after the same shall be so established and held, in such Manner, and in such Proportions, is the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, direct; and in the mean Time, and until such Offices shall be so established and held as aforesaid, by the Receiver-general of the Duties on Salt for the Time being, and at the present or future Office for the Time being of the said Receiver.

IV. And be it further enacted, That on Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, to the said Lord Bishop of Ely, or his Successors, the Receipts of the said Lord Bishop, or of his Successors, shall be good and sufficient Discharges to* such Receivers-general or Receiver-general for the Time being, or to the Person or Persons who shall pay the Whole, or any Part thereof respectively, for the Sum or Sums of Money expielTed in such Receipts; and the same shall be allowed such Receivers-general or Receiver-general on passing their or his Accounts or Account; and in case the said Annuity, or any Part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid by the Space of Forty Days next over or after any of the said Days on which the same shall became due and payable, after having been lawfully demanded at the Office or Offices aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Edmund Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, Bishops of Ely for the Time being, to bring an Action at Law for Recovery of the Money from Time to Ti ne to accrue and become due, and in Arr* r thereon, in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, against the Receiver-general r fp Ct vely of the several Duties or Revenues, which shall arise from the respective Offices to be so eftub iftied and held as aforesaid, from and after the same shall be so established and held, in such Proportions

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 43- *5*7

The1 An*rM»Mf of

ihcDilip.datic'P.i ti. cn in ifi^xeC

Month* i

’ MdTutfei to be

Portions as shall be directed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, and in the mean Time, and until such (Offices shall be so established and held as aforesaid, against the Receiver-general of the Duties on Sa*t for the Time being; in which Action no *Essoin, Wager of Law, or rrote&ion, shall be allowed; and in case the Plaintiff shall recover in such Action, he shall be intitled to full Costs.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all that the said Sum of Three th^u-

sand Pounds, lawful Money aforesaid, beii\g the Amount adjusted as aforesaid of the Dilapidations arise.i m t

in respect of th^‘ said House and Scite thereof, and other the Premises so vested in and annexed to the 0) Prem.es,

Crown as aforesaid, shall within the Space of Six Months, to be computed from the Day of puffing to oc paid by the

this Act, be paid over by the said LorJ Bnhop of Ely that now is, his Executors or Administrators, Bubop of Ely in case he or they shall then have received the same; or if the same shall not have been so received as

aforesaid, that then the Security so taken for the said Sum of Three thousand Pounds, by Bond as

aforesaid, so far forth as respects the said Sum of Three thousand Pounds, shall be assigned and transferred by the said Lord Bishop of Ely, his Executors or Administrators, in due Form of Law, unto the said Owen Salusbury Brereton and Thomas Hunt, their Heirs and Assigns, upon the several Trusts, nevertheless, and to and for the several Intents and Purposes herein after expressed and declared concerning the same; and that the Receipt or Receipts of the said Owen Salufbury Brereton and Thomas Hunt, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, under their, his, or her Hands or Hand respectively, testifying the Payment of the said Sum of Three thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by the said Lord Bishop of Ely, his Executors or Administrators, shall be a good: and effectual Discharge to the said Lord Bishop of Ely, his Executors or Administrators, or the Persons or Person so paying the same, their or his Executors or Administrators, of and for the said Sum of Three thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, or lo much thereof as shall be specified in such Receipt or Receipts, and in case the said Sum of Three Thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof,

shall not have been so received by the said Lord Bishop of Ely, his Executors or Administrators within the said Space of Six Months, to be computed from the passing of this Act as aforesaid, and thereupon the same shall be so assigned and transferred by the said Lord Bishop of Ely, his Executors «r Administrators, to the said Owen Salusbury Brereton and Thomas Hunt, their Heirs and Assigns, in Manner and Form aforesaid; tl at then, and from thenceforth, and from and after such Assignment and Transfer shall be so made of the said Bond as aforesaid, the said Lord Bishop of Ely, his Executors and Administrators, and every of them, shall stand and be for ever thereafter acquitted and discharged of and from the said Sum of Three thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all that Messuage or House ______

now built and (landing upon Part of the Ground and Soil whereon a capital Messuage or Mansion- fctdeToporTthe house, with the Appurtenances, formerly called Clarendon House, and afterwards called Albemarle Lord Bi&op of House, did formerly ftnnd, or on Ground to the said late capital Messuage belonging, situate, and Ely,»nCompcn* being, in the Parishes of Saint James or Saint Martin in the Fields, or One of them, in the County of fuioD* Middlesex, in a certain Street there, formerly called Clarendon Street, and now called Dover Street, on the West Side thereof, between the said Street on the East, and the Garden now used with the said Messuage or House, but formerly Part of the Garden heretofore belonging to, or used with, a capital Messuage or Mansion-house called Berkeley House, on the Weft and the Messuage or House formerly in the Possession of the late Earl of Carbery on the North, and a Messuage or House formerly in the Possession of the late Lord Viscount Dunbar, on the South; the which said Messuage or House doth contain in Front, next the Street, from North to South, Thirty-six Feet of Assize, little more or less, and in Depth from East to West, with Part of the Garden therewith used, Eighty Feet of Assize, little more or less; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Ground formerly belonging to and Part of the Garden heretofore belonging to, or used with the aforementioned capital Messuage or Mansion-house, called Berkeley House, lying and being in the said Parishes of Saint James and Saint Martin in the Fields aforementioned, or in One of the said Parishes, in the said County of Middlesex, and between, a certain Street there called Berkeley Street, on the Weft, and the Messuage or House herein-before mentioned, situate in Dover Street aforesaid, on the East, and the Ground formerly of Christian Lady Be/ketey, and John Lord Berkeley, deceased, formerly granted to the Most Noble Charles Duke of Shrcuf-bury, and formerly in the Tenure of the said late Viscount Dunbar, on the South; and on the Ground’ formerly in the Possession of the said Earl of Carbery on the North; and the which said Piece or Parcel of Ground containeth in Breadth Thirty-six Feet, or thereabouts, and in Length, on the South Side,

One hundred and Fourteen Feet or thereabouts, and in Length, on the North hide. One hundred and Sixteen Feet or thereabouts; and the greatest Part of which said Piece or Parcel of Ground is uf d as a Garden to the said Messuage or House aforementioned; all which said Parcels of Ground, Messuage or House and Premises, were formerly in the PoflVflion of the Lady Dowager Falkland, since of

?ohn Ere/ton Esquire, and late of the said William Lord Viscount Chetwynd, deceased, and all Ways, aths, railages. Vaults, Cellars, Sollars, Lights, Easements, Profits, Commodities, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Messuage or House, Piece or Parcel of Garden Ground and Premises hereinbefore mentioned, belonging or inanyw'ife appertaining, or therewith usually held, occupied, or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, deemed, or knowm as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof; and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Blues, and Profits, of all and fngular the said Premises, and all the Estate, Right, I itle, Interest, Use, T rull, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of them the said Lucy Chetwynd, and Ejlher Chetwynd, or either of them, of, in, to, or out of the same Pre-niifcs, or any Part thereof, shall, from and after the Seventeenth Day of June, which will be in the Year of

C. 43. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and from and after full Payment and Satisfaction shall have been made of the before-mentioned Sum of Five thousand six hundred Pounds, lawful Money of Great Britain, and every Part thereof, unto the said Lucy Chetzuynd and EJlber Chetwynd, or the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, by and out of such Fund or Funds, and by such Person or Persons, and in such Manner and Form as next herein after enabled and declared concerning the same, (in full Compensation and Satisfaction for the absolute Purchase of the Fee-simple and Inheritance in Post’eflion of the said Freehold Piece of Ground,

House, Buildings, and other the Premises last mentioned), be vested in, and settled upon, and the same, and every of them, are hereby from thenceforth, and such House, Buildings, and Offices, which shall at any Time thereafter be erected and built upon the said Piece of Ground, or any Part thereof, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, from and after the same shall be so erected and built, shall be vested in, and settled upon, the said Edmund now Lord Bishop of £/y, and his Successors, the Bishops of Ely for the Time being, as and for the Munsion-house or usual Place of Residence within the City of Westminster of the Bishop of Ely for the Time being, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against all and every Claim, Right, Title, Estate, or Demand whatsoever, which they the said Lucy Chetwynd and E/lber Chetwynd, or the Right Honourable William now Lord Viscount Chetwynd, in the Kingdom of Ireland, as eldest Son and Heir at Law of the said William Lord Viscount Chetwynd deceased, or in any other Right whatsoever, or any Person or Persons claiming, or to claim by, from, or under them, any or either of them, now have or hath, or at any Time hereafter can or may have, claim, challenge, or demand, in any wise howsoever; subject nevertheless to, and charged and chargeable with the said yearly Rent of Eighteen Pounds, hereafter to grow due and payable for ever, to the Right Honourable William Lord Berkeley of Stratton, his Heirs and Assigns, out of and for the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, the most Part whereof is now used for a Garden as aforesaid, being Part of the Premises herein-before mentioned, and which was reserved and made payable in and by One Indenture of Release, bearing Date the Second Day of Jteney One thousand six hundred and eights-ftx, made between the Right Honourable Christian Lady Berkclcy, Widow, and the Right Honourable John Lord Berkeley of the One Part, and Margaret Stafford of the other Part.

'Nothing herein

VII. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, to invalidate an That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed, construed, or taken to extend, to Indenture, Sept, merge, extinguish, invalidate, or impeach a certain Term of One thousand Years, of and in the last-EarlCaren^" ment*onec^ P*ece of Ground, Messuage, and Premises, or Part thereof, originally created by One In-and Viscount* denture, bearing Date the Fourth Day of September, in the Year, One thousand six hundred and sixty-Cornbury. seven, made, or mentioned to be made, between the Right Honourable Earl of Clarendon and the Right Honourable Henry Lord Viscount Cornbury, Son and Heir apparent of the said Edward Earl of Clarendon, of the One Part, and the Right Honourable Richard then E rl of Burlington and Cork, and Charles then Lord Clifford, his then eldest Son and Heir-apparent, and Robert Boyle Esquire, of the other Part; which said Term of Years was afterwards vested i o Henry Poley Esquire, fmee deceased, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in Trust, to attend and wait on the Reversion and Inheritance of the said Messuage, Ground, and Premises, and the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of the said Henry Poley, are hereby declared to stand and be possessed of, and shall from henceforth (land and be possessed of and in the said Messuage, Ground and Premises, for and during the Residue and Remainder of the said Term of One thousand Years, now to come and unexpired, in Trust for the said Lords Bishops of Ely% for the Time being, their Heirs and Assigns, to the End that the said Term may be'kept on Foot, and may attend and wait on the Freehold and Inheritance of the said Premises, for the better defending and protesting the same, from and against all Mcfne and subsequent Incumbrances.

and to VIII. And, for declaring the Trusts as well of the said last mentioned Sum of Three thousand

wh*t Purposet, Pounds, as of the before-mentioned Sum of Six thousand five hundred Pounds, Part of the Consider-the several Sums ation-money to arise by the ga]c t|ie House called Eh Hvtfey and Scitc thereof, and other the uxtio appi pre, TiifeS thereto belonging, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That they the said Edmund Lord Bishop of Ely, and Owen Salisbury Breretoriy and Ihornas Hunty and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, shall and do pay, apply, and dispose of, the said several Sums of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds, and three thousand Pounds, and each of them, and every Part thereof, when and as the same shall be respectively received, and as soon thereafter as conveniently may be, in such Manner, and for such Ends, Intents, and Purposes, as are herein after mentioned; that is to say. In the first Place, in and for the paying and defraying the Charges and Expences attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and in making Estimites and Charges to Workmen and other Expences incurred in settling the Dilapidations on the said House in Holbsurn, and the Premises thereto belonging, and in surveying and valuing the same, and in and about executing and completing the said Sale and Alienation thereof to his Majesty, and in the contracting for, and purchasing the said Piece of Ground, with the House thereon erected, in Dow Street aforesaid, late the Estate of the said Willia?n Lord Viscount Chetwynd, and all Matters relating thereto respectively; and after Payment of the several Charges and Expences aforesaid, as to the Sum of Five thousand six hundred Pounds, Part of the said several Sums of Six thousand five hundred Pounds, and Three thousand Pounds, in Payment and S itisfaction of the said Con Adoration or like Sum of Five thousand six hundred Pounds, to the said Lucy Chetwynd and Efiber Chetwynd, as and for the Price or Purchase money for the said Piece of Ground, with the House thereon erected, iu Dow 2 Street)

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 43. 519

Street; and as to the Resdiueof the said several Sums of Six thousand five hundred Pounds, and three thousand Pounds, which shall remain unapplied for the several Purposes aforesaid, in the erecting and building, and fitting up for Habitation a (unable and commodious Mansion-house, with all proper Out-buildings and Offices to be thereunto appertaining, in and upon the said Piece of Ground, and Scite of the said House now {finding thereon in Dover Street, for the future Residence of the said Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, the Bishops of the said See for the Time being, and in furnishing and providing all proper Fixtures thereto, (such Fixtures to be scheduled, and to accompany and go along with the said House and Buildings as and in the Nature of Heir Looms, and the Schedule thereof to be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery, within Six Months after the said House shall be finished and rendered fit for Habitation), according to such Plan and Design, and under such Provisions, Regulations, and Agreements, as shall be for that Purpose approved by the Most Reverend the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Right Honourable the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, by Writing, signifying such Approbation, to be by them severally signed, and to be inrolled as aforesaid; and from and after such House, Offices, and Out-buildings, shall be so erected and rendered fit for Habitation, and such Fixtures added thereto as aforesaid, that then the Surplus (if any) which shall remain of the said several Sums of Six thousand five hundred Pounds, and Three thousand Pounds, and of the Money to arise by the Sale of the Materials of the said ancient House and Offices now (landing in Dover Street^ as next herein after mentioned, shall be, and remain to and for the several further Uses, Intents, and Purposes, herein after expressed and declared concerning the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Houstand Offi-the said Edmund Lord Bishop of Ely, and Owen Salusbury Brereton, and Th n.as Hunt, and the Survivois ces m

and Survivor of them, and the H irs and Aligns of such Survivor, to take down the said House and Of- kVn'dcvrnand"

fices, and every of them, now (landing and being upon the said Piece of Ground in Dover Street, for tCLuilt.

the Purpose of rebuilding the fan e, according to such Plan and Design as aforesaid, and to fell a id dif-

pose of all and Angular the Materials of such House and Offices, or so much thereof as shall not be other-

wife worked up and employed in the rebuilding such new House ard Offices to be the;eon eroded, to

the bell Advantage, and in such Manner, as to t..en» shall fetm fitti; g, so as that the Money to afife by*

the Sale and Disposal of such Materials, and every of them, be duly brought to account, and applied

for the Purpose of such Rebuilding, and for such other the like Intent 2nd Purposes, as are herein di-

reded touching the said several Sums of Six thousand five hundred Pounds, and Three thousand Pounds,

and each of them.

X. Provided always, and be it further enrded by the Authority aforesaid, That in case if shall so InCafethe fr'V happen that the said several Sums of Six thousand five hundred Pounds, and Three thousand Pounds, to (haiTbc* be so paid to the said Edmund Lord Bishop of Ely, and Owen Salufoury, Brereton, and Thomas Hunt, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, and such Money, (if any), which shall be produced by the Sale of such Materials as aforesaid, shall be found Insufficient for the Purchase of the said Piece of Ground in Dover Stteet, and also for the erecting and building thereon, and fitting up for Habitation, with the proper Fixtures thereto, of such commodious suitable Man-fion-house. Offices, and Stables for the future Residence of the said Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, the Bishops of the said Sce^ according to such Plan and Design, and under such Provisions and Regulations as are herein-before directed touching the same; or if any Opportunity shall hereafter offer 10

for the purchasing and buying in of the said yearly reserved Rent of Eighteen Pounds so issuing out of furthci"uim*tt the said House and Premises in Dover Street, at a fair and reasonable Price, that then it shall and may bejft'ucd. be lawful to and for the said Owen Salusbury Brereton, and Thomas Hunt, and the Survivor, of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, with the Consent ill Writing of the said Lord Bishop of Ely, or his Successors, the Bishops of the said See for the Time being, to apply for and receive from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, who, or any Three of them, are hereby authorised and required to issue their W arrant for the Payment of the same accordingly, all such further Sum and Sums of Money to be raised and taken in lieu and by way of Redemption of the said Anhuity or yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, at the Rate of Thirty Years Purchase for the same, as shall be found wanting to complete such Purchase and Building, a id other the Purposes aforesaid, or for the purchasing and buying of such yearly reserved Rent, at a reasonable Price to be by them approved of, (so as that such yearly Rent be for ever thereafter discharged and extinguished), and to apply and dispose of the same accordingly, and the Receipt or Receipts of the said.

Owen Salusbury Brereton, and Thomas Hunt, and the Survivor of them and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, and of the Bishop of Ely for the Time being, shall be a full Discharge to the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or such other Person or Persons who shall pay the same, for whatever Sum or Sums of Money shall be so paid in Redemption of the said Annuity or yearly Sum, or any Part thereof; and the said Annuity or yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds from and after such Payment, or so much thereof as shall be so redeemed as aforesaid, shall be, and remain from thenceforth extinguished, and for ever discharged 5 any Thing herein-before contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided moreover, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Part,

Share, and Property, and so much of the said Annuity or yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds as shall not be so redre’med as aforesaid, and the Whole of the same Annuity or yearly Sum of Two hundred reamed, shall Pounds, if no Part rhcicof shall be so redeeinid, shall be, remain, and enure unto and to the Use of the rrmair. to»h« said Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, the Bishop* of the said Sec, as Part of the Revenues of the fcjfliop oi kij.

said-

520 C. 43.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Brerrton a&d Hunt.

r Dover Street, to be called JUy <Hwk.

said Sec, in Trust, neverthelefg, and for the foie End, Intent, and Purpose, and to be appropriated and set apart, from Time to Time, in the First Place, to pay and discharge the said yearly Rent of ^Eighteen Pounds, so payable to the said Lord Berkeley of Strattony his Heirs and Assigns, so long as the same shall continue payable, and the Residue thereof to be paid and applied in insuring the said House and Offices to be so built as aforesaid in the Sun Fire Offi<ey or other proper publick Office, from Fire, 'to the full Value of the Money to be expended in building the same, and in keeping the same, from Time to Time, so insured, (and which Insurance the Lords Bishops of the said See are hereby required to make, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter), and afterwards in making such Repairs, and other Works and Improvements in and about the said House, Offices, and Buildings, to be io erefied and built as aforesaid, from and after the same shall be so erected and built, as to the Bishops of Ely for the Time being shall seem expedient and proper, and subject thereto, to defray and discharge >from Time to Time, so far as the same will extend for that Purpose all Parliamentary and Parochial Assessments, Impositions, Taxes, and other Charges whatsoever to be imposed or assessed upon the said House, Offices, and Buildings, or the Occupiers thereof, by Authority of Parliament, or otherwise, and the Surplus thereof, (ifvany), to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, as Part of the Revenues of the said Bishoprick, without any further Account to be ren* Sorptuiufdl dered for the same.

Sums mentioned,

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall remain any Surplus of the before-mentioned to remain in the Sums of Six thousand five hundred Pounds, and Three thousand Pounds, or either of them, or of the Hands of Mess. Money to arise by the Sale of such Materials as aforesaid, or any Part thereof respectively, unapplied for the Purposes before enabled and directed' concerning the Lme, that then, and in such Case, such Surplus, and every Part thereof, shall remain and continue in the Hands of the said Owen Salufiurj Brereton and Thomas Hunt, and the Survivor of them, ard of the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, with Liberty to invert the same, from Time to Time, in Parliamentary Securities m Trust, and to and for the Several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, herein last enacted and declared touching the said Annuity or yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or so much thereof as shall not be redeemed as aforesaid, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

Ch^e*6CI

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said House, Offices, and Build-tobcerette in jngSj to be so erected and built in Dover Street aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, be called and distinguished by the Name and Appellation of Ely House, and shall be, and be deemed and taken as and for the Episcopal House of the said See of Ely, within the said City of Westminster, and shall be flyled and called Ely House in all Deeds and Writings; and that from thenceforth all Rents reserved in and by any Lease or other Writings heretofore granted or made by ar.y-otbet Bishop of Ely, in Right of the said See, which are made payable at the faiu Mansion-house in Holbowmy, shall be paid at the said House to be so erected and built, and herein-before directed to be called and styled Ely House as aforesaid j and that it shall and may also from thenceforth be lawful to *nd for the Bishop of Ely for the Time being to hear and determine all and all Manner of Appeals from all or any Colleges in the University of Cambridge, of which the said Bishop is Visitor, or from iny Member or Members thereof, at the before-mentioned House to be so erected and built, and called and styled Ely House as aforesaid, in the same Manner in which he may now hear the same at the said House in Holbourn, and in like Manner to cite all and singular the Parties concerned in such Appeals to appear thereat, and there to do and perform all such other Act, Matter, and Thing, relating to the visitorial Power, in as full and ample a Manner as any Bishops of Ely have heretofore been used to do and perform the same at the said House in Holbourn.

All Rents re-

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the mean Time, Served to be paid ancj untj] such ne\y House, to be so credled and built as aforesaid, shall be completed and become inha-£1 °pat kited by the Bishop of Eh for the Time being, the said several Rents so reserved and made payable as c# aforesaid, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be paid at the Mansion-house of the said Bishop of Ely, and his Successiors, situate at Ely in Cambridgrjh\rey or to his or their Receiver-general in London, and the Lveral visitorial Powers aforesaid; and all Matters and Things incident or relating thereto shall likewise, in the mean Time, be exercised, done, and performed, at the Dwelling-house of the Bishop of Ely for the Time being, the same being within the Cities of London or Westminster, or at any other Place within the said Cities, or One of them, which such Bishop shall, from Time to Time, appoint, ftiefl*. Brereton

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Owen Salufbury Brereton and and Hun. not to Thomas Hunt shall not, nor shall either of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, of either forgone^ them* answerable or accountable for any Money to be received by virtue of the Trusts hereby in cciveJ by Virtue then, riposed, or any otherwise than each Person for such Sum or Sums of Money as he shall respeo of the; Truiis in tively actualy r< ceive, and that no One of them shall be answerable or accountable for the Acts, Ne-thon icposed. oh, or Defaults of the others, or other of them; and also that the said several Trustees, their respectiw Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, shall and may, by and out of the Trust-monies to be by them received as aforesaid, retain to and reimburse themselves all Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, which they shall be respectively put unto in and about the Execution of the Trusts hereby in them rcipe&ivdy reposed.

XV. j. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Pe»Tons, Bo lies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, (other th -a d except the said Edmund Lord bishop of Ely, and his Successors, the Lords Bishops of Ely 1 he Time being, and all Persons claiming, or to claim by, from, or under, or in Right of the Epii-

All ard

COp.d

tee of Ely \ and other than and except the said Lucy 1

Chetwynd and Ejiber Chetwynd,

and all aid every

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 44, 4$. 521

every Persons or Person claiming, or to claim by, from, or under them, any or either of them, or by, from, or under the said William T\tXz Lord Viscount Chetwynd, deceased), all such Estate, Right, Title,

Interest, Benefit, Property, Possession, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, either at Law or in Equity, of, in, to, or out of the said several Houses and Buildings thereto respectively belonging, and other the Premises herein-before respectively mentioned, or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed if this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Reversion or Remainder in Fee-simple, now vested in His Majesty, of and in an Annual or Fee-farm Rent of One hundred and thirteen Pounds, One of the several Fee-farm Rents granted to the Right Honourable Edward, heretofore Earl of Sandwich, by His late Majesty King Charles the Second, unto the Honourable James Archibald Stuart, and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be given by him, or his Heirs, for the same.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for the Regulation of Carters, Carriages, and loaded Horses; and for removing Obstructions and Nuisances upon the Streets and Highways within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS many Accidents happen, and great Mischief is frequently done upon the Streets PrwxnMdr and Highways within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by the Negligence or wilful Misbehaviour of Persons driving Carriages: And whereas the Law, as it now stands^ is insufficient for correcting these Abuses, or punishing the Persons guilty of them; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted;* and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of September, One After Sept, t, thousand seven hundred and seventy two, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall drive any Cart, Car, *77»> Perron-with or without I edges, or any Waggon, Sledge, or Dray, of any Kind, whatsoever, upon the High J?*rt Roads or Streets within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, unless the Matter or Owner of such Waggon, with-Cart, Car, with or without Ledges, or such Waggon, Sledge, or Dray, shall place upon some conspi- outtbe Namcof cuous Part of such Cart, Car, with or without Ledges, Waggon, Sledge, or Dray, the Name or Names ti,e Owner, of the real Owner or Owners of any such Carriage, and the Place of Residence of the real Owner or ^nce^to* Owners of any such Carriage, or of the House or Farm where the Owner or Owners generally employ bepiaced^n 1° such Carriage, in different Colours from the Body of such Carriage; and also the Numbers (beginning conspicuou* Part Number One and so upwards) where more Carts, Cars, or other Carriages than One belong to the same of such Cart; Person, in order that the Driver may the more easily be convicted of any Difdorder or Misbehaviour com- ;ndaif©the. mitted by him or her. of such

carnage.

II. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall drive any of the be- Offender*driving; fore-mentioned Carriages upon any of the said High Roads or Streets, not having the Name or Names Catt%&c. with-of the Owner or Owners, and the Place of their Residence, or of the House or Farm where the Owner ^ch^amcs or Owners generally employ such Carriage, and where more Carriages than One belong to the same forfeit bo"* Person, the Number placed upon some conspicuous Part of the same; every such Person, offending in exceeding 20. any of the Cases aforesaid, or the Owner or Owners of such Carriage respectively, shall forfeit a Sum norlcf* than 5a. not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, and not less than Five Shillings Sterling, for each Offence for every Offence, committed by him, her, or them.

III. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Time the Property of any of the Name* of Car-above Carriages shall be altered, the succeeding Owner or Owners thereof shall, from Time to Time,

within Fourteen Days next after he, she, or they shall become Owner or Owners thereof and shall have parity, by used the same, cause the Name or Names and Residence of the former Owner or Owners, and Num- succeeding Own -ber thereof to be taken oft* from every such Carriage before-mentioned, and the Name or Names and er*, wi hm 14 Place of Rdidence of the succeeding and real Owner or Owners, and Number thereof, where more Car- at!rr lhry liages than One belong to the fume Person, to be placed in Manner aforesaid, upon some conspicuous os^Penalty of" Part of such Carriage or Carriages; and every Person or Persons who shall omit to do the same shall ^05 and not left -forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, and not less than Five Shillings Sterling, for than 5*. for each Offence. every Offence.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall place a false Person* pitting Name or Place of Residence upon any such Carriage belonging to him, her, or them, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, a Sum iK>t exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling.

522 C. 45.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

After Sept. I, 1772,every C-h.tife Driver found fitting ia his Chai'e, without another Person on One of the Horses j or any Carter, Ire* riding on his Carriage without a proper Person on Foot to guide it; within 6 Miles of td.n-bu gh, oi Glasgow, or 2 of any o.hei City &c. or if any Driver shall ne. ligently occasion any Hurt or Damage, or prevent the Passage of any other Carriage; or dull not dif* mount when retired by any Person apprehending Danger j

No Drivers of Car s, \ c. to drive along-Jid/ or other Carnages, so as to obstruct the free Passage, but shall fallow one alter another, and have Bridles or Halters uron. every Hoise, v hich the Driver shall have in his Hand, &c. on Fen ky of 2C s. noi icis than .5 s.

V. And, in order that the Inconveniencies arising from the Negligence of Chaise Drivers, Carters, Draymen, Sledgmen, Carmen, and Waggoners, and Drivers of any other Carriage whatsoever, may be the more easily prevented be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, if any Chaise Driver within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be found fitting in his Chaise without another Person on One of the Horses driving the same; or if any Carter, Drayman, Carman, Sledzman, or Waggoner, or the Driver of any other Carriage whatsoever, (Coaches, Chaises, Phaetons, Curricles, Chairs, and such other Carriages, which are usually driven by a Person fitting within or upon the Carriage, and such Carriages as are respectively drawn by One Horse only, or by two Horses abreast, and are conduced by some Person holding the Reins of such Horse or Horses excepted), shall ride upon any such Carriage, (not having some other Person on Foot or on Horseback to guide the same), on any Street of any City or Town, or on any Highway within fix Miles of the City of Edinburgh, or four Miles of the City of Glasgow, or two Miles of any other City, Burgh, Market Town, or Burgh fcf Regality, or B irony; or if’the Driver of any Carriage whatsoever on any Part of any Street or Highway shall, by Negligence, or wilful Mifbeh iviour, cause any Hurt or Damage to any Person or Carriage, paffuig or bung upon such Street or Highway, or shall, by Negligence, or wilful Misbehaviour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt the free Passage of any other Carriage, or of His Majesty's Subjects on the said Highways; or if the Driver of any Cart, Car, Dray, or Waggon, on any Highway whatsoever, when riding on his Carriage, shall notdifmount (so as the better to guide his Horse or Horses and Carriage) when required by any Person apprehending Danger from such Carriage; every such Driver offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall, lor every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, in case such Driver shall not be the Owner of such Carriage; and in case the Offender be Owner of such Carriage, then any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

Offenders in any of the said cases, shall forfeit xos. if not the Owners j and if the Owner, 20 s. for each Offence.

VI. And whereas several Inconveniencies do arise, and many Accidents have happened by Carts,

Cars, and other Carriages above mentioned, being drawn abreast or alongside another, so as the Passage of the Streets and Highways in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland is entirely obstructed,

and also by th* Drivers of such Carnages not having Bridies cr Halters upon their Horses be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, no Driver or Drivers of Carts, Cars, or other Carriages above-mentioned, shall drive their Carriage or Carriages abreast or alongside of any other Carriage or Carriages, so as wilfully to obstruci the free Pullage of such Streets and Highways respectively, but shall follow one after another upon the same, and shall have Bridles or Halters upon every Horse in any of the above Carriages, which Bridles or Halters upon the foremost Horse, shall (in all Carriages not drawn by more than Two Jlorfes) be tied with a Rope, or some other Thing of sufficient Strength, to the Halter or Bridle of the Horse behind; and which Rope or Bridle the Driver of every such Carriage shall have in his or her Hand,; and every Person so offending in the Premises shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shildings Sterling, nor Ids than Five Shillings Sterling, for every such Ostence.

VII. And whereas a he free Passage of His Majesty's Subjects is ofttn obstructed, and their Persons pat in Danger, from the pr.sent inegular and disorderly Method of driving Horses with 01 without Loads, and by leading Carts, Waggons, Sledges, Coaches, Chaises, and other Car- rijgcb, after the Holies have been unyoked and taken from the same; and also Stone, Lime,

1 T imber, Jlubbish, and the Bodies of dead Horses, and other Animals, and other Articles which da obiLucT such free Passage as aforesaid, jj, pau the Streets and Highways, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland',' be it therefore icna&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Fiilt Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and seventy two, no Drivers of Horses or other calls of Burthen with or without Loads, shall drive their Horses or o.her Bealls of Burthen abreast, so as wilfully to obstruct the free Passage of His Majesty's Subjects, or to put their Persons in Danger, but shall, as much as may be, drive them in a Line one after another in a regular Manner, having a Bridle or H dter a Taxed to the Head of each Horse or Bcaft ot Burthen; and that the Driver or Owner of any Curt, Wsggon, Sledge, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, shall not be permitted to leave the Line upon any Stu« or Highway within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, after, the Ho:fc 01 Horses luve been unyoked and taken from such Cart, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage rv ipcciivdy, except only with ref pc it to such Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or urko.iJing; nor shall it be allowable to anyrerson or Persons to lejve Srones, Lime, Timber, Rubbdh, t ie Bodies of dead Ho f s, or of other Animals, or other N uifa nces, upon the Sireeth and H.ghways aforesaid, so as to obilrii£l the free Passage of the same; and that every Person offending in the Pren.ifcs shall for V.it a Su.n not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, and not Ufs than hive Shillings Stirling, for each Oitence.

any Pci On leave any Stones, 5cc, upon S reels, &c.$n Penalty of 20 s. nor less than 5 s.

Drivers of lo.dtd c \T.L And whereas many Disputes frequently happen between the Drivers of loaded Horses and 11 " other BealL of hurt.un, a.J the Drivers of Cans, and such other Carriages, and between the Drivers

V,( 1 Coueiic^, Chariots, Ca^iLs, and such like Carriages, travelling upon any Street or Highway with-

1 In

No Drivers to drive th-a Hor

abrc.uk so to the

Piet Paifipi*, but shall drive ihtm in a Line, one a ter mo her, wi h a Butlie aiRxed to the lith ol each l-*ur fr, fee. n »r {h i.l the Drivers cl Carte, /Lc. leave such ujoii any Street, &c unyoked, f.x.ep. w.ien lua.l.ng ano an* kud.nt, nor shall

» d

hi..., .* u*-

cv;r.g /he. H r/cs or drive tc the left Hand or near Side.

in

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 45- 523

in the Limits aforesaid, about giving the Way to, or making Way for one another be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Driver of every such loaded Horse, Horses, or other B.casts of Burthen, and the Driver of every Cart, Car, or such like Carriage, and every Coach, Chariot, Chaise, and such like Carriage, shall be obliged, upon meeting another loaded Horse, or other Bead of Burthen, or another Carriage, of whatever Kind, to mike Way, by holding or driving to his own Left Hand, or what is commonly called Holding to the near Side, and that without distinction, whether the Carriages so meeting one another are loaded or unloaded; and that every Person offending in the Premises shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, and not less than Five Shillings Sterling, for every such Offence.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Prosecutions against Offenders, in respeed of the feverJ A^ts and Neglects which are made punishable by this Act, may be brought sum-nKiiily before the Sheriff-deputc or Substitute, or any Justice of the Peace of the County within which the Offence shall be committed, or before any of the Magistrates of Cities or Boroughs where the Offences have been committed within their Jurisdiction, or before any other Judge competent; and that Judgment shall proceed and be given against the Offender or Offender*, either upon his or their o/.n Confession, or upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnesses.

Penalty no* exceeding 20 s. nor less than 5 3.

Profrctrims aga:nft Olfr-ndcri to be bmuent before the Sheriff, depute, < r Substitute, &c. of the County or P’ace where the Offence is committed j and Judgment to proceed on Confession, or by credible Witnesses.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all and every of the Neglects and Offenders to be Offences punishable by this present Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons aggrieved, and in- o^r.ncerco1n-r tending t« fuc for the Recovery of the Penalties authorised by this Act, upon the Authority of the same, mittf^determined by^u-and without any other. Warrant, to apprehend the Offender or Offenders, and either to carry him, her, thorny of .-he or them, or cause him, her, or them to be carried, by the Atliftance of any Peace-officer or other Per- A% and curmd son or Persons, before any Justice of the Peace, or other Judge competent, within the Bounds where bctreanyjwft.ee the Offences shall be committed; which Judge is hereby impowered and required, upon Conviction of or^"cgc com’ the Offender or Offenders, by his or their own Confession, or the Oath or Oaths of One or more ere- p c

dible Witnesses, to deal with him, her, or them, in manner as herein before directed-, and any Person Persons who

or Persons, who shall fee any of the Offences before recited committed, shall and may, by the Autho- fee Of-

rity of this Act, without any other Warrant, seize anJVtctnin the Horses, Carts, CarsrSledges, Waj- fcnfcs comm t-gons, Drays, Coaches, Chariots, Landaus, and other such like Machines and Carriages, and the Horics belonging to the several Offenders, till such Time as Sentence shall be pronounced by the competent deui'/HoriVs,* Judge concerning the Offence; and in case the Penalties adjudged by him in consequence of this Act shall Carts, &c. nil not be paid, or Security found for the same, within Twenty-four Hours after Conviction and Sentence, Sentence is pro-

then the Judge, before whom the Offender shall be convicted, is hereby authorised and required to issue no^need 5

his Warrant, directed to a Constable or other Peace-officer within his Jurisdiction, to cause Sale to be penalties ad- C made of the Subject or Subjects detained, in case the same happens to be the Property of the Offender jndred mall nor or Offenders, for raising the Money forfeited by him or them, rendering to such Offender or Offenders be paid, the the Overplus, after deducting the Charges of Sale, and the Expence of keeping the Subject detained, JHs* roC3ufe both which shall be determined by the Judge before whom the Offender or Offenders are convicted; and S?\to«cK^e in case the Subject or Subjects aforesaid do not happen to be the Property of such Offender or Offen- jetain-d!' JC ders, that then the same shall be returned to the lawful Owner or Owners thereof, and it shall be lawful Offenders may for the Judge aforesaid, and he is hereby rtquiied, in case the Fine shall not be indantly paid upon Con- be commuted, viction, or satisfactory Security given for the same, to commit the Offender or Offenders to Gaol, there lill laflsraaory to remain until such Time as the Fine shall be paid, or satisfactory Security found for the same, or un- bc

til the Expiration of Two Months after such Commitment. °U, K#

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, charged 7 Pu'

with being guilty of any of the Offences made puni»liable by this Act, shall, upon the Seizure of, or an mil-

Attempt to seize, under the Authority of this Ac4, his or their Persons or Property, or the Property of treating any Per-others, under their Care as aforesaid, refill, abuse, or maltreat any Person or Persons whatsoever; or if son whatever, any Person shall aid or affilt him, her, or them, in so doing, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit the to 201. Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling for every such last mentioned Offence; the Offence to be proved,

and Judgment to proceed thereupon, in the same Way and Manner as herein-before provided for in the cncc*

Case of the other before-mentioned Offences against this Act.

XII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, who shall be hcrldJa bJ/I

apprehended for having committed any Offence against this Act, shall refuse to discover his or her Name face*, re'using

and Place of Abode to any Judge competent before whom he or she shall be brought, such Person or to d fewer the*'

Persons, so refuting, shall be committed by the Judge to any Gaol of the County, there to remain un- Njmcstothe

til such Time as he, she, or they, shall discover his, her, or their Name or Names, and Place or Places Jl,dpr’ to bc Of Abode. committed.

XIII. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Fines and Forfeitures arising Forfeitures ari-

from the Offences made punishable by this Act shall bc applied, the One Half to the Informer or Pro- lecutor, and the other Half to the Collector of the Land-tax of the County within which the Offence Qu/hj! w the shall have been committed, and by him to be accounted for as Part of the Fund* eduhlished by Law lot informer, and the Detection and Punishmem of Vagrants within that Part of Great Britain callcJ Scotland the other to th*

Collector of the Land-tax,

he

524. C. 4.6. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

0 Profeejition

XIV. Provided always, That no Prosecution under this present Act shall He against any Person or bro^h^within Persons whatsoever, unless the same shall be brought within Three Months of the Time at which the

Three Month* Offences charged was or were actually committed: And that in all Cases an Appeal shall lie against

after the Offence every Sentence or Judgment of One or more Justices of the Peace, made under and by virtue of the iva* committed. Powers given by this Act, to the next Quarter-fc (lions of the Peace for the County within which the

Determinanon Offence was committed, whose Determination shall be final j and that the said Appeal shall be com-

session* to*Petentt0 every Person and Persons having an Interest, and apprehending him, her, or themselves to be <o*l. aggrieved by such Sentence and Judgment.

XV. Declaring always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Aeffen, or take awaV> any of the Jurisdiction$, Powers, and Authorities, Rights, Privileges, and rifdiction of the Immunities, of any of the Cities and Royal Boroughs within that Part of the United Kingdom called 4U>>*1 Boroughs. Scotland, or of the Magistrates and Town Council of the same, as contained in Acts of Parliament, or Charters and other Grants from His Majesty and His Royal Predecessors; nor shall this present tfk be any Way derogatory to, or in any respect whatsoever be understood to encroach, repeal, or take away tthe said Jurisdictions, Rights, or Immunities; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenues of Excise with respect

to Tea, Soap, Low Wines, and Spirits.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His

ActaoQco.I. late Majesty King George the First, in titled. An Act for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, and Cocoa Pajle, imported, and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the Importation of Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa ‘ Pajle; and for better ascertaining the Duties payable upon Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts, imported; and for r4 granting Relief to Robert Dalzell late Earl of Carnwath it was enacted, That no Tea exceeding the Quantity of Six Pounds Weight fhdBla be removed or carried from any Part of this Kingdom "4 by Land or Water, without such Permit, or Certificate, as is therein expressed and required: And by the said Act it was further enacted, That every Seller of and Dealer in Tea should, each Night, en-'4 ter into a Book, kept for that Purpose, an Account of the Gross Quantity of Tea, which he should /4 retail or consume in each Day in small Quantities, under the Weight of Six Pounds, and in one *4 other Book should enter, every Night, every Parcel of Tea above the Weight of Six Pounds which he should fell in each Day: And whereas by the said recited Act, no Provision is made for distinguishing in such Permits or Certificates, or in such Entries, the Quality or Colour of the Tea so permitted or certificated, or so entered, in the said Books, whereby great Frauds and Abuses have been committed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the several Acts of Parliament relative to the Duties on Tea, and to the manifest Prejudice of the fair Trader in the said Commodity; for A Remedy whereof, and for the greater and more effectual Discouragement of the illegal and pernicious Practice of unlawfully importing and clandestinely Running of Tea,’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, After June 24., and Commons, in this present Parifament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and 177a,allDc.iJ- after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seveney-two, all Dealers in and er* in Tea shall Sellers of Tea, who shall then have, or from thenceforth receive into their Custody any Bohea, Congo, nifter Uc. with Souchong, or Pekoe Tea, shall, and are hereby obliged and directed, from Time to Time, to the Word* Black mark each and every Canister, Bag, Jar, Tub, Box, Cask, or other Package, in which they shall /©r Green, ac- keep any Bohea, Congo, Souchong, or other Pekoe Tea, wirh the Word Black, and also to mark cording totbe each and every Canister, Bag, Jar, Tub, Box, Cask, or other Package, in which they shall keep any Canister*&c ol^er Kind of Tea, not being Bohea, Congo, Souchong, or Pekoe *Tca, with the Word Green, the am er, c. Words Black and Green to be respectively marked on the most conspicuous Part of such Canister,

Bag, Jar, Tub, Box, Cask, and other Package, lack Tea, and

II. And, for avoiding all Doubts and Controversies concerning the Two Kinds of Teas in this Act Green Tc*» h.w c mentioned, and distinguished by the Names of Black Tea and Green Tea' it is hereby decla cd and to be difhnguith- ^nadled by the Authority aforesaid, That by the Term or Name Black Tea, is meant all such Teas as c are usually called or known by the Name of Bohea, Congo, Souchong, or Pekoe Tea; and that by the Term or Name Green Tea, is meant all Teas not being such Bohea, Congo, Souchong, or Pekoe Tea.

<Offirers of Ex-

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-fourth eifefinding an Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, tic Officer and Officers of Excise who Incnai? of Tc« shall, from Time to Time, survey and take the Srock of Tea at the Warehouses, Storehouses, Room?, inf nC Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and other Pi aces made use of for keeping Tea by Dealers in and Sillers of

fcii/fech*in- Tea, shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the Black Tea, and of the Green Tea, which shall create, outer* at any Time be in their or any of their Custody, and if such Officer of Excise shall find any Increase the Owner pro- either of Green Tea or of Black Tea in the Custody of any such Dealer or Seller, over and above the duce a Certificate (Quantity of each respective Sort which such Officer found in such Dealer or Seller’s Custody at the I inr*£ such Officer’s last preceding Survey, upon such Dealer or Seller, such Increase shall de deemed

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 46. 535

and taken to be made by Tea for which no Duties were paid, and which had been privately brought in by such Dealer or Seller without Permit or Certificate, and so much of the Green Tea or Black Tea respectively as shall be found so increased shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and maybe seized and carried away by such Officer of Excise who shall so find the same, unless the Owner thereof shall make it appear that the said Increase was made by such Green Tea or Black Tea respectively brought in with an authentick Permit or Certificate of the Payment of the Duties thereof. Sellen tfTct i*

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth fmau Qjuathic*, Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, all Dealers in and Sellers of Tea who shall under 61b.

fell or consume the same in small Quantities, under the Weight of Six Pounds, shall and are hereby Weight to keep obliged and directed to keep separate and distinct Accounts of all the Black Tea, and of all the Green Tea, which they or any of th m shall so respectively fell or consume in small Quantities in each Day, they*e«

and shall, every Night, enter into a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, an Account of the gross Quan- Ofcach$ort. titles of the Black Tea, and also of the Green Tea, which have been by him, her, or them respectively so retailed or consumed in that Day in small Qantities under the said Weight of Six Pounds; and the said Dealers in and Sellers of Tea shall also keep One other Book, wherein they shall make separate and distinct Entries of all the Black Tea, and all the Green Tea, above the Weight of Six Pounds, which they shall respectively fell in each Day; which laid Books shall be provided, and the Entries so to be Such Entiin to made in the said Books, shall be under the same Directions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfei- he under the Di-tures, as are provided and enacted by the said above-recited Act of the Tenth of His late Majesty King provided Georgcthe First. b b« Act ,o C* I.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day ;ng

of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, no Tea, exceeding the Quantity of Six Pounds to be removed / Weight, shall be removed or carried from any Part of this Kingdom by Land or by Water without a out of the King-Permit or Certificate, signed by One or more of the Officers for the Inland Duties on Tea, signifying <*omwithout* and certifying the Names and Places of Abode of the Buyer and Seller, and expressing the Quantity and the

Quality of the Tea; that is to say, if the Tea so to be removed or carried is Bohea, Congo, Souchohg, or Pekoe Tea, then to express in the Permit or Certificate that the same is Black Tea; and if the Tea Q^i.ty'vf such so to be removed and carried is neither Bohea, Congo, Souchong, or Pekoe Tea, then to express in the T«a, &c. Permit or Certificate that the same is Green Tea, and also certilying that the Inland Duties chargeable upon Pain of upon Tea have been duly paid and satisfied, upon Pain of forfeiting the Tea which is so found removing Forfeiture of or carrying from one Place to another without such Permit or Certificate, expressing the Quality as such Tea. abovesaid, together with the Package in which the same shall be contained, which Permit or Certificate shall be left with the Officer of the Division to which the same shall be carried, to prevent the Seizure thereof, in which Permit or Certificate the Officer who grants the same shall express and limit the Time for which the same shall continue in Force.

‘VI. And whereas by the said recited Act it is enacted, That no Tea should be fold, uttered, or exposed to Sale, but when the same should be in some Warehouse or Place entered for keeping the [aieor geJjj "

fame, upon Pain of forfeiting all such Tea so fold, uttered, or exposed to Sale, and Treble the Va- but out of the lue thereof, together with the Package containing the same: And whereas the Penalty by the said Warehouses and Act provided has by Experience been found ineffectual, and ill-disposed Persons have thereby been Shop* approved induced to carry Tea which hath been clandestinely imported into this Kingdom, from House to 10

House, in small Parcels, in Diminution of the Revenue, and to the great Discouragement of the fair Oco#

Dealer in Tea; For Remedy whereof,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and (cventy-two, if any Tea shall be fold, uttered, or exposed to Sale, either by Wholesale or Retail, but when the same shall be in some or One of the Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, or other Places, entered and approved as by the said Act is directed, the Person or Persons so uttering, felling, or cx-posing to Sale such l ea, in any other Place or Places than those entered and approved as aforesaid,

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with all the Tea which shall be so fold, uttered, or exposed to Sale.

VII. And whereas by a Clause in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and further improving of the Revenues of *

Cujhtns, Excise, Inland and Salt Duties, it was enacted, That Makers of Hird Soap should provide Covers to thur Coppers, Pans, and Utensils, wherewith they should boil or make Hard Soap;

which Coppers, Pans, and Utensils, and also the Pipe or Pipes that conveyed the WasteorSait Lees from such Copper, Pan, or Utensil, the Officers of Excise were to lock and seal down in Manner as in and by the said Act was particularly required and directed; and by the said Clause in the said Act it was enacted, That if by any Art, Device, or Contrivance whatsoever, any such Maker of Hard Soap should open any Copper, Pan, or Ut?nfil, or any Pipe or Pipes, after the same should have been locked down and secured, and before the same had been unlocked and opened by the Of- ficer of Excise, or should wilfully break or damage any such Lock, Seal, or Faftning, that every such Maker of Hard Soap so offending should, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds: And whereas the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds by the said Act provided hath,

by Experience, been found ineffectual, and not sufficient to pevent and restrain Makers of Hard Soap from opening their Coppers, Pans, Utensils, and Pipes, in regard the Duties of One Boiling of Soap, may, and often do, amount to much more than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, whereby ill- disposed Persons have been encouraged and induced to open their Coppers, Pans, Utensils, and Pipes,

to the great Diminution of the Revenue arising by the Duties laid uj on Soap, and to the Prejudice of

526 C. 46.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

the fair Traders, who duly pay the full Duties for all Soap by them made: For Remedy whereof/ Maker of Hard be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time after the Twenty-fourth Day of Soap opening any June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, any Maker of Hard Soap shall, by any Art, De-terPKiag sealed v,.ce> or Contrivance whatsoever, open, or cause to be opened, any Copper, Pan, or Utensil, or any ky the Officer of Pipe or Pipes, that convey the Wade or Salt Lees from such Copper, Pan, or Utensil, after the same Excise; or wil- shall have been securely locked and sealed down by the Officer of Excise, and before the same shall have fully damaging been unlocked and opened by the Officer of Excise, or shall wilfully break or damage any such Lock ?i?yiifUCr >ca1’ 1 or Seal, or other Faftning, every such Maker or Makers of Hard Soap, so offending in any of the said or ci 100 *cases^ shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

Act 33 Geo. II. 4

VIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing the excessive life of spirituous Liquors,

by laying additional Duties thereon; for shortening the Prohibition of making Low lytnes and Spirits from Wheat. Barley, Malt, or other Grain, and from Meal, Flour, and Bran\ for encouraging the Export at ion of Bnukh-made Spirits; and for more effectually securing the Duties payable upon Spirits, and preventing the fraudulent Relanding or Importation thereof, it was enacted and declared, That Persons making or keeping any Walh, Cyder, or other Materials fit for Distillation, and having in their Possession or Occupation any Still or Stills, containing separately or together Ten Gallons or upwards, should be deemed and taken to be Common Distillers for Sale, and should be liable to the Rates and Duties of Excise, and be subject to the Surveyor of the Officer of Excise, and to the several Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by any AvSt of Parliament then -in Force, in anywise relating to Distillers.

IX. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether by the Word Still, in the said Clause mentioned, the

Body of the Still, exclusive of the Head of such Still, is not to be understood; now to obviate all such

Cubic Contend t Doubts,’ be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Still, the cubic Con'enti

Ten G»Uons° or °‘C which, when the Head is on, will amount to Ten Gallons or upwards, is a Still containing Ten u^w.rds. Gallons or upwards, within the true Meaning of the last recited Act; and all and every Person or Ptr-

iVrtoi.s ifing fons, having or keeping any Wa(b, Cyder, or other Materials fit for Distillation, and having in his,

fu. h Mills, to be her, or their Possession or Occupation, any such last mentioned Still or Stills, containing separately or

oinmoa together Ten Gallons or upwards, Proof being thereof made as by the last recited Act is directed, mall fl 1 cr6’ be deemed and taken to be a common Distiller for Sale, and shall be liable to the several Rates, Duties, Pen ilties, and Forfeitures, in and by the last-reciced Act mentioned or referred unto.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Offender, who tics determined by this Act A5! prosecuted for any of the Penalties by this Act given, shall not be prosecuted again for the lame given,* not\« be Offence by any former Act; and that such Offender, who shall be prosecuted for the Penalty given by prof-c-ire«a^ain any former Act, shall not be prosecuted again, for the same Offence by virtue of this present Act, or /or tiv* i^m*' of- tiny Thing herein contained.

fen t? by ny

former Act.

XL. And whereas great Frauds are committed by Corn Distillers charging their Stills, in the Ab-an°3 Vuke s^t' fence of the Officers of Excise, with Worts or Wash, of which no Account h*s been taken by the Low ines to Lid Officers, and the Provisions hitherto made have been found ineffectual to restrain such Practices; provide and af- 4 for Kemedy whereof,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-sixl’utficient fourth Day oVJunc, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, every Corn Distiller, or Maker of H^d ^f eve?1* ^0W *nes or ^P‘r*ts Lorn Corn or Grain, shall, at his, her, or their own Expence, find, provide, md l>)w \vine bull a^x Efficient Faftnings (to be approved of, in Writing, by and under the Hands of the respective Sur-&c. veyors or Supervisors of Excise of the D.viiion or District in which every such respective Distiller or

Maker of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn shall reside) to the Heads of each and every Low Wine Still, and Wash Still, Warn Pumps, and charging Cocks, through which Worts or Walh are conveyed into such Wash Still or Wash Stills belonging to, or used by, any such Distiller or Maker as aforesaid which, said Still Heads, and charging Cocks, and Wash Pumps, shall, and they are hereby required, from Tin e to Time, to be securely locked and sealed by the Officer of Excise who surveys such Di-Lock« and K«y« ftilkr and Maker as aforesaid, in Manner as is herein after directed; and such Locks and Keys, as shall S?hv/rOVldes^ be necd7ary ^or ^curing the said Still Heads, and Charging Cocks and Walh Pumps, shall be provided p^rvhors bV the rftpL*&>ve Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the Division or District in which such respective

ciie. Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits shall reside, at the Expence of such Distiller or Maker;

and whenever any such DistilleV or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, shall be desirous of charging hi* Still or Stills, or of using the Charge Cock or Walh Pump so locked and sealed, and shall have given Notice as herein after is directed, the Officer of Excise shall attend to unlock and open the said Still Heads, Charging Cocks, and Wadi Pumps.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any such Distiller and Maker

Gff-nders prose-Cuttd lor: c >ul-

Distillers when they intend to

cpcnStiiUjtogiveof Low Wines and Spirits, whose Sfill-house or Still-houses are under the Survey of the London Officers, NorkeinWiiting or is or are situate in London or WestruinJhr, or within any other City in Great Britain, shall be dTirous Fou- Hours pre- of opening his Low Wines Still or Stills, or of charging his Wash Still or Wash Stills, he, she, or they to°Onc of^hemC or cauL to be £ivcn» to One of the Officers of Excise, under whose Survey such Distiller or

Excise*Officers. Maker of Low Wines or Spirits shall then be, a Notice in Writing at least Four Hours before the par* IfD fiillemn- Pillar Hour or Time of the Day when he, she, or they intend to charge such Still or Stills, tend to open

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Distiller or Maker of Low Winesor their Stills be- Spirits, so situate as aforesaid, shall be minded to open or to charge his Still or Stills at any Hour or iween \x Time between Twelve in the Night and Six.in the Morning; then, and in every such Case, every.stich

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 46. 527

Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits shall give the Notice in Writing, at least Twelve Hours Kigfct *nd 6in

before the particular Hour or Time of the Night when he intends so to open his Low Wine Still, or *

to charge his Waft Still or Wash Stills; and every other Corn Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or 5)^ j/otlcc.

Spirits from Corn or Grain, whose Still-house or Still-houses i9 or are not situate in London or Wefi- 1

minster, nor under the Survey of the London Officers, nor in some other City in Great Britain, shall give or fend at least Twelve Hours Notice, in Writing, at the next Office of Excise, or to the proper

+Officer under whose Survey such last mentioned Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits shall then be, of such his or their Intention of opening or charging their Still or Stills: And in case any such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits shall not begin to charge his Still or Stills at the Hour mentioned in such Notice, or within Two Hours next after the Expiration of such Hour and Time, then every such Notice shall be and is hereby declared void and null, and every such Distiller and Maker of Low Wines and Spirits shall be obliged to give a fresh Notice before the Officer shall be bound to open the Heads of any such Still or Stills, or the said Charge Cocks, or Wash Pumps, so locked as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers of Excise shall, from Officers of Errift Time to Time, attend, agreeable to such Notices so to be given or left as before directed; and when *0 *tend ,n<J.!"’ and so soon as such Officer shall be at such Still-house, every such Distiller or Maker as aforesaid, or [^1UchNotius. his or their Servants, shall, and they are hereby required to turn the Discharge Cocks of every Wash

Still, that the Officer may be satisfied that the said Wash Still or Wash Stills are really empty; and then, and not before, such Officer shall open the Stills, Cocks, and Pumps, so locked and secured, and shall continue in the said Still-house all the Time that such Wash Still shall be charging 5 and when the same shall be fully charged, shall immediately lock and secure, as before, all the Still Heads,

Wash Pumps, and Charging Cocks, to the Wash Stills belonging or affixed, and shall leave them so locked and secured at all Times.

XV. Provided always, That when and so often as it shall be found necessary to have such Still Heads Excise Officers to or Charge Cocks, or Wash Pumps open, for repairing or amending the same, or either of them; then, #tfcnd *!1 the and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the Officers of Excise so to do, for all the Time the HwdVan'c^te Workmen shall be actually employed in repairing and mending the same; but the said Officers shall c^ks are rc-lock and secure all such Stills, Wash Pumps, and Charge Cocks, every Night, w'hcn and so soon as pairing.

the said Workmen shall leave off their Work; and in such Case, such Officers shall attend at Six of the Clock each Morning, whilst such Repairs are doing, in order to open such Stills, Charge Cocks, and Pumps.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Distiller or Maker of Dimilers ufm*

Low Wines, or Spirits as aforesaid, shall have any Pipe or Conveyance to the Low Win^s Stills from °ther P|fes or any other Veflll or Utensil, except the known and entered Low Wine Cask, on Pain of forfeiting, thaTthuiVemcr-. for every such Conveyance, the Sum of One hundred Pounds. cd, to formic

1001.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Distiller or Maker of Low Distillerspre-Wines or Spirits from Corn, shall, after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven fuming to dirtil, hundred and seventy-two, presume to distil, or make Low Wines of Spirits, before he, she, or they before fufliaent shall have found, provided, and affixed sufficient Faftnings, to be approved as aforesaid, to every ^aftnings are such Still Head, and to the Charge Cocks to each Walh* Still and Wash Pump to him, her, or them Provided» belonging, or by him, her or them used, according to the Directions of this Act; or shall refuse to pay

for the Locks and Keys to be provided in pursuance of the Directions of this Act; or shall neglect or refuse to turn the Discharge Cock of the Wash Stills as required by this Act;

[to forfeit 5cL»

he, she, or they, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Fifty Pounds.

XVIII. And if by any Means, Device, or Contrivance whatsoever, any Person shall open any Still

Head, or Charge Cock, or Wafir Pump, after the same shall have been locked and secured as aforesaid, after tJingbck-before the same shall have been opened by the Officer of Excise, or shall wilfully hurt or damage any Cd, to forfeit such Lock, or other Faftning; every such Person shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit 2001. and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

[Penalty of c/fe

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct, hinder, or oppose any of the said Officers, in the Execution of any of the Powers given offi«rTfndoin to him determined by this Act, the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the rwTw ii"8 Sum of One hundred Pounds. *ool.

[Forfeitures and

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, Penaltiesreco-and Methods, 2$ any Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture, is or-miy be recovered or mitigated by any Lawveuble b" anT or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Pill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts Law of Exufe, of Record at It'ejlminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that One Moiety of every such

Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall difeovtr, inform, or sue for the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be Person? molcft-sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or rd ior any Thing Persons shall and may plead the General lllue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, dent ,n

in his or their Defence or Defences, and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action or Actions or be nonsuited, Concul klue. or Judg*ment shall be given against him, her, or them, on Demurier or otherwise, then such Defendant

528

Treble Costs,

C. 47. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

[Preamble.]

Act 5 Geo. II.

Act 9 and 16

Geo. II.

Ad 24 Geo. II. Ad 31 Geo. II. and Ad. 4 Geo. III. farther continued until Sept.

*9> >775» until the End of the following Sei-fion.

All Persons against whom Commissions of Bankruptcy have been a-waided, and who were in Custody before March 2 5, 1772, for Debts d >e before the Comirvflions were issued, on Proof not being P’oduced of their having concealed their Effects, or of their not having conformed to the Laws against Bankrupt^ to be discharged from Imprisonment, an I all Debts due before the Commission of Bankruptcy issued. Shrriffi, Bailiffs, Officers, See in-dammlud for B-i’capes occasioned hereby. Bankrupts against whom a Commission h <h be-n awarded b tore March 25, 1772, and who have justly coo ormed to the States m Force concerning Bank upu, and wno shall be hereafter arrested /or Debts, may, by Petition, be discharged, in like Manner.

or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs*

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to continue An Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the Committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, and for making Provision for discharging Bankrupts, in certain cases, from their Imprisonment.

WHEREAS the Law hereafter mentioned hath, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act to prevent the Committing of Frauds by Bankrupt*), which was to continue in Force from the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, for the Space of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the Ninth and Sixteenth Years of His said Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and fifty; and by an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, was amended and further continued until the First Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven; and which by Two subsequent Acts made in the Thirty-first Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And whereas many Persons against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy hath issued are, nevertheless, confined in* Prison, though they have delivered up all their Effects; for Relief therefore of such Persons,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy has been awarded and issued, and who was or were in Custody on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, for any Debt due before such respective Commissions iflVted, and who have, or shall have, duly conformed themselves. to the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Bankrupts, and are not, nor have been, committed by any Warrant of the Commissioners in such respective Commission named, for Contumacy, or Non-compliance with those Laws, that it shall and may be lawful for any One of the Judges of the Court wherein such Process has issued against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, on Petition of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, to summon his, her, or their Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to appear before him, to shew cause why such Bankrupt should not be discharged from his, her, or their Imprisonment, (such Bankrupt or Bankrupts first making Oath that such Debt or Debts did accrue before the issuing out such Commission); and such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs not appearing, or appearing and not proving that such Bankrupt or Bankrupts has or have concealed any of his, her, or their Effects, or that he, she, or they has or have not conformed him, her, or themselves to the Laws against Bankrupts, such Judge shall and may, by Warrant or other Instrument under his Hand, discharge him, her, or them, from such his, her, or their Imprisonment for any Debt or Debts due before such Commission issued, and such Bankrupt or Bankrupts shall not be subject or liable to be arrested for any Debt or Debts due or contracted before such Commission issued; subject nevertheless, in every other Respect, to the Laws against Bankrupts: And all and every Sheriff or Sheriffs, Bailiff and Officer, Gaoler and Keeper, are hereby required, on the Delivery of such Warrant or Instrument of Discharge to such Sheriff or Sheriffs, bailiff, or other Officer, Gaoler or Keeper, to discharge such Bankrupt or Bankrupts out of Custody accordingly; and they are hereby declared and enacted to be indemnified from any Action or Actions that shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him, or them, for any Escape or Escapes for or on Account thereof.

III. And whereas many Bankrupts, from a Fear of being arrested and thrown under a long In- prisonment. do abscond and secrete themselves from their Homes, or go abroad into foreign Parts, to the great Distress of their Families, and the Detiiment of this kingdom;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy hath been awarded and issued on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March% One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, who hath or have regularly submitted to the same, and justly conformed him, her, or themselves, to the several Statutes now in Force concerning Bankrupts, and who shall be hereafter arrested and held to Bail, or taken in Execution for any Debt or Debts due and accruing before the Date or Dates of such respective Commissions, shall and may, after the Expiration of Forty Days from the Time of such Arrest, in like Manner, petition any One of the Judges of the Court whuem such Process has issued; and such Judge is hereby authorised and required to discharge such Bankrupt or Bankrupts in like Manner, and on the like Terms and Conditions as are aforesaid, and directed; and if such Bankrupt or Bankrupts shall be afterwards arrested for any other Debt or Debts also accruing before such respective Commissions issued* any Judge of the Court wherein such Process

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 48, 49. 539

issued shall, upon Summon* of the proper Party or Parties, immediately clircharg* (lich Bankrupt or Bankrupts from such Arrest:; nevertheless such Bankrupt or Bankrupts to be subject, in alt other Respects, to the Laws relating to Bankrupts, as aforesaid. ‘

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for the mort effectual preventing of Frauds in the Stamp Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, Paper, and Cards.

FOR the more effectual Prevention of several Frauds, whereby His Majesty's Duties, granted by several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, hare been very much diminished the Penalties thereon prescribed being found insufficient to deter Offenders \ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons, at any Time after the First Day of August, One thousand After Aug. *. seven hundred and seven ty-two, shall write or engross, or cause to be written or engrossed, either the i*7l».PrrfoB# Whole, or any Part of any Writ, Mandate, Bond, Affidavit, or other Writing, Matter, or Thing what- «onl""-t,ng soever, in respect whereof any Duty is or shall be payable by any Act or Acts made, or to be made, in a£T

that Behalf, on the Whole, or any Part of any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereon there shall have been before written any other Writ, Bond, Mandate, Affidavit, or other Matter or Thing* in respect whereof any Duty Was or shall be payable as aforesaid, before such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, shall have been again marked or stamped, according to the said Aftsj or shall fraudulently crafe or ferape out, or cause to be erased or feraped out, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, or any Sum, Date, or other Thing, written in such Writ, Mandate, Affidavit, Bond, or other Writing,

Matter, or Thing, as aforesaid j or fraudulently cut, tear, or get off, any Mark or Stamp, in respect whereof, or whereby, any Duties are or shall be payable, or denoted to be paid or payable as aforesaid, from any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Playing Cards, Outside Paper of any Parcel or Pack of Playing Cards, or any Part thereof, with Intent to use such Stampt or Mark for any other Writing,

Matter, or Thing, in respect whereof any such Duty is or shall be payable, or denoted to be paid or payable as aforesaid; then, so often, and in every such Case, every Person so offending, in any of the to 1>e deemed Particulars before mentioned, and every Person knowingly and wilfully aiding, abetting, or aififting guilty of Felony; any Person or Persons to commit any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, shall be deemed and con- and, onCoitvic-strued to be guilty of Felony, and, being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall be transported non, to betnnf-to some of His Majesty's Plantations beyond the Seas, for a Term not exceeding Seven Years, accord- *°rle ing to the Laws in Force for the Transportation of Felons: And if any such Person or Persons so con- And # th vifted or transported $iall voluntarily escape or break Prison, or return from Transportation before the break Prifoo, on Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be so transported as aforesaid, such Person or return within Persons being thereof lawfully convicted, (halt suffer Death as a Fdlon, without Benefit of Clergy, and the limited Time, shall be tried for such Felony in the County where he, she, or they shall be apprehended. ta fuffcrDcalh<

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after persons discover-the said First Day of August, One thousand seven Itundred and seventy-two, commit any of the Offences jRg offender*, aforesaid, and afterwards, being out of Prison, discover One or more Persons who shall, since that Time, imitled to Hi* have committed any of the Offences aforesaid, so as such Person or Persons discovered shall be convict- Par-

ed of such Offence or Offences, he, she, or they, so discovering, shall have and be intitled to His Ma-don# jetty's gracious Pardon for all such Offences by him or her committed at any Time or Times before such l)ilcovery made.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp-duties upon Policies of Assurance\ and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp-duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other, exciseable Liquors 5 and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs; so far as the same relates to Hackney Coaches.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Pffjimb,e Majesty, intitled, An Act for altering the Stzmp-duties upon Policies of Assurance; and for reducing Gc^ the Allowance to le made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp-duties on Licences for retailing. Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to HaiLney Coaches and Chairs; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That from and after the First Day of Augifl, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, every Coachman, licenced by the Commissioners for regulating and lictnfing Hackney Coaches, plying for Hire within the City of London 4

or Westminster, should he obliged and compellable, on every Day of the Week, at fensonable Times, to go any where, within the Pittance of Ten Miles from the City of London or Westminster; and in case of Refusal so to do, should be liable to the like Penalty or Punishment as might by Law then be inflrfted in Cases of Refusal to carry for Hire by licenced Hackney Coachmen: And whereas a

53° Ch. 50; Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Doubt has arisen, whether Coachmen licenced by the said Commissioners, and who ply out of the said Cities, are by Law obliged, on every Day of the Week, at season able Times, to go anywhere within the Distance of Ten Miles from the said Cities; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Tocrtesitoall and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Clause in the said Act, and all the *ic^e^oPcrf°nt Powers and Authorities thereby granted, shall, from the Time of passing this Act, be deemed, con-WestmSten Ibued, and taken to extend to all and every Person and Persons so licenced, who shall ply for Hire, as well within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and the Suburbs of the said Cities of London or WeshninJUr, as within the said respective Cities,

ComaUfiooers 4 IJ* And whereas a great Number of Persons, licenced by the said Commissioners to use and keep not to fine or d for Hire Hackney Coaches, regularly use and employ the same as Stated Stages to and from different Coach R*entt^or Towns anc* Places in the Neighbourhood of the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough Driver, of Sout/nvarky which is of great publick Utility and Convenience, some of which Towns and Places

are within, and others without the Weekly Bills of Mortality: And whereas a.Doubt has arisen, whether by the Laws now in Force relating to Hackney Coaches, such Persons being licenced in the usual and general Form, are not compellable to do the ordinary Work of Hackney Coaches, and to I 4 carry Fares for Hire, to any Parts or Places within the Cities of London or Westminster^ or within the

4 Distance of Ten Miles thereof, which would be attended not only with great Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of such Towns and Places, but might also be a great Jeflening to His Majesty's Revenne arising from Hackney Coaches \ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners for licensine and regulating Hackney Coaches, or any other Person or Persons haying Authority to put any of the Laws in Execution concerning licenced Hackney Coachmen, their Renters, or their Drivers, shall not be compelled or compellable to fine or punish any licenced Hackney Coachman, his Renter or Driver, for refuling to carry a Fare out of the ordinary Course of his Stage-work or Duty, who shall regularly use and employ his Coach, so licenced, as a Stage Coach to and from any of the Towns or Places in the Neighbourhood of the said Cities of London and Westminster \ and who shall also, by Painting in legible Characters on the Door of such Coach, or by a Board, to be painted in legible Characters, and affixed on the Door of every such Coach, plainly denote and distinguish the same to be a Stage Coach to and from any such Town or Place; any Thing in the above recited Act, or in any other Act relating to Hackney Coaches, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

[Preamble.]

CAP. L.

An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of Bark shall exceed a certain Rate for a limited Time.

WHEREAS the Manufacture of Leather is of Importance to the Trade of this Kingdom: And whereas Oak Bark has of late risen greatly in its Price, and the present Duties upon the Im- portation of Foreign Bark amounts to a total Prohibition of the same; may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the After June a*, Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament 1772, all Cuf- assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of June, in tom payable by this present Year, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, all Subsidies, Customs, Duties, former Act to and impositions whatsoever imposed, and now payable by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament on ccafe* the Importation of Oak Bark into Great Britain, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or

KSwpff And lt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth «o importation Day lhere shall be paid on the Importation of Oak Bark a Duty of One Penny for each

of foreign Bark. Hundred Weight of Oak Bark so imported into this Kingdom; which shall and may be raised, levied, collected, and recovered by such Ways and Means, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures as the Duty for any Goods or Merchandise imported into Great Britain, may be raised, levied, collected, or recovered by any Act of Parliament now in Force, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures rc-When the Price Iat*ng thereto, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act. itunder loLptr 111. Provided always, That at all Times hereby, when the Price of Oak Bark shall be under Ten Load j or in the Pounds for the Load of Hatch Bark, containing Forty-five hundred Weight, delivered at the Buyers ju*i, iL 10*. Warehouses in the City of London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or when the Price of Oak Bark in the Rinds shall be under Two Pounds Ten Shillings for the Load of Rinds, containing Thnty Yards, when the same are set Three Rinds thick with Two Skirts and a Cover, delivered at the bo Oak Bark to Buyers Warehouses within the C' ty of London, or Weekly Bills of Mortality; then, and in either of bt imported. these cases, no Oak Bark whatsoever shall be allowed to be imported into Great Britain, any Thing in this Act, or any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 50. 531

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall import, or cause to be imported

any Oak Bark, when the Price of the Load of Hatch is in London* and within the Weekly Bills wlen*the Price Mortality, delivered at the Buyers Warehouses under the Price of Ten Pounds per Load of Hatch, or itas uft o*n-when the Price of the Load of Kinds shall be under Two Pounds Ten Shillings for the Load of Rinds,<ioned, fluU for* when the same are set, and containing as aforesaid, delivered at the Buyers Warehouses within the lhe lame> City of London# or Weekly Bills of Mortality, such Oak Bark so imported shall be forfeited, and ^e lnd Importer thereof shall, over and above, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Load oftM '

Hatch or Rinds so imported; to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after directed.

V. And, in order to ascertain the Price of Oik Bark in London, and within the Weekly Bills of Toifcertainthe

Mortality, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day Vf* 7maiT-of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, a Register or Registers shall be keot by the RegisterTt© Clerk of the Tanners Company of the Prices at which Oak Bark is*bouglit by all and every Person or bc’keptby ti* Persons residing in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or by any other Person or Persons, dak of the for the Use of any such Person or Persons. Tanner* Cora-

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall have purchased, or t1"?* caused to be purchased, Five Loads of Hatch Bark, each Load containing Forty-five hundred Weight, p^Loadt, shall, within Ten-Days after such Bargain or Purchase, give, or cause to be given in to the Clerk of shall/with^Tcn the Tanners Company, a Note in Writing, specifying the Date of such Bargain or Purchase, the Day* after the Name or Names of the Purchaser or Purchasers, the Name or Names of the Seller or Sellers, and their Bargain, give i« respective Places of Abode, and also the Quantity of Hatch so purchased, together with the Price paid, to the fauicieik or to be paid for the same, and shall deliver and pay to the Clerk, with every such Note One Shilling; *nN7hebateC' and the Clerk of the said Company shall, within Twenty-four Hours after receiving such Note in entered Writing as aforesaid, enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose j and in case any the said Clerk, Tanner or other Person or Persons residing in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall ice. purchase any Oak Bark in the Rinds, or by any other Mode or Manner whatsoever, amounting in Quantity to Twenty Loads of Rinds, each Load containing Thirty Yards of Rinds, when the same

are set Three Rinds thick as aforesaid, such Person or Persons so purchasing shall, within Ten Days after such Purchase, give, or cause to be given in to the Clerk of the Tanners Company, a Note in

Writing, specifying the Date of such Bargain or Purchase, the Name or Names of the Purchaser or Purchasers, and Seller or Sellers, and their respective Places of Abode, and the Quantity of Rinds or

Bark so purchased^ the Load, each Load containing Thirty Yards of Rinds, when the same arc

set Three Rinds truck as aforesaid, the Price paid or to be paid for the same, together with the County at which such Bark was taken oiF the Trees; and shall also deliver and pay to the Clerk,

with every such Note, the Sum of One Shilling; and the Cleric of the said Company shall in like Manner, within Twenty-four Hours after receiving such Note in Writing, as aforesaid, enter the same and to pay 1 ».*

in a Book or Books to be kept for the Purpose. the Clerk.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such Register and Registers,.Book or Books, so to be kept as R-giftrr maybe

aforesaid, shall and may be inspected, at all convenient Times, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, inspeaedwith-without any Fee or Reward to be demanded or taken for the same. -out Fee.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when it shall appear, from the Entries to be made as afore-The average

said, that the average Price of the Hatch Bark does amount to Ten Pounds per Load, each Load con- Price for One taining Forty-five hundred Weight, or that the average Price of Rind Bark does amount to two Pounds Month preced-Ten Shillings per Load, each Load containing Thirty Yards of Rinds when the same are set Three "« Da*e

Rinds thick as aforesaid, delivered at the Buyers Warehouses; then, or in any of these cases, it shall iotewtifiedt#

and maybe lawful for Three or more of the said Purchasers of Hatch or Rind Bark as aforesaid, the Lord Miyor, within the City of London, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, and they are hereby required to certify to Ac.

the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or any Two of the Aldermen thereof, the average Price of the

Load of Hatch or Rind Bark, (each Load respectively containing as aforesaid), for the Space of One

Month preceding; and the said T hree or more Purchasers shall respectively make Oath, that the Note

given in by them to the Clerk of the Tanners Company, contain a true Account of the Price paid for and by him

the Bark and the said Clerk of the Tanners Company shall make Oath of the Truth of his Entries *»*ned, and de-

agreeable to the Notes in Writing so delivered in to him as aforesaid, whereupon the said Mayor or v®red to tJ'e

Aldermen shall, and they are hereby required to sign the same, and to deliver the same, as soon as who

conveniently may be, to the Collector or Receiver of His Majesty's Customs at the Port of London, pubii<h the

who shall, and is hereby required to publish the same in the London Gazette, from and after which dame in the Ga-

Publication, no more than One Penny per Hundred Weight shall be demanded or taken by any Officer *«nc; and then

of his Majesty's Customs, or any other Person whatsoever, on the Importation of any Oak Bark into aonri0fC<han. Z? r 1 d. per Cwt. to

Great Britain. be demanded.

IX. And be it further enacted, That on the First Turf day of every Month, after the Importation of On the First Oak Bark shall be permitted in Manner aforesaid, the Clerk of the said Tanners Company shall, in Tuesday of every Wrfting, certify upon Oath to the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or any Two of the Aldermen Meath the said thereof, the average Price of Oak Bark by the Load of Hatch or Rinds, cich Load respectively contain- G!c^ urd* ing as aforesaid; for which Certificate the said Clerk shall receive a Fee of Six Shillings and Eight- jJ^V(cr \c.the pence; and if from such Certificate it shall appear that the Price of Oak Bark is under Ten Pounds av/ragePiice, the Load of Hatch, or that the Price of Rind Bark is under Two Pounds Ten Shillings the Load, each to be signed and Load of Hatch and Rind containing respectively as aforesaid, then the said Certificate shall be ligned published nthe and transmitted to the Collector of the Customs as aforesaid, and shall be published in the next London Ga*ttc* Gazzetti i from and after which Publication no Oak Bark shall be imported into this Kingdom till the

532 C. 51, 52. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Price shall amount to Ten Pounds per Load of Hatch Bark, or to Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Load of Rind Bark* each Load containing respectively as aforesaid, and the Importation thereof be ProvLio. again permitted in Manner above directed. Provided always that no Certificate to be produced to the Lord Mayor or Aldermen as aforesaid shall affect the Importation of Oak Bark, unless it Hull appear that the Quantities purchased within the Space of One Month, and duly registered as directed by this Act, shall exceed One hundred Loads of Hatch, or Three handred Loads of Rind Bark, each Load containing respectively as aforesaid.

Persons neglect-

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons purchasing Bark within the Limits to g*vc m aforesaid shall neglect, for the Space of Fourteen Days, to give a Note in Writing to the Clerk of cdu> forfciT " Tanners Company of his or their Purchase or Purchases, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, a<^ or shall give in a false Note, or a Note deficient in any of the Particulars aforesaid, every Person or Persons mall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after directed: And if the Clerk of the said Tanners Company shall refuseor Clerk neglecting neglect, for the Space of Three Days, to enter the said Note or Notes, after the same shall be deli-to enter such *0 vered to him as aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of 'Fen Pounds x forfeit 101. to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after directed.

Order* given

XI. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons shall bona fide give any Order or Orders for the during the Time Importation of Oak Bark, during the Time that such Bark was allowed to be imported, on Payment tobe'-aliSr ^utY of One Penny per Hundred Weight, but which Bark shall not arrive till after the Importation thereof was stopped in Manner aforesaid, such Oak Bark shall and may, (upon sufficient Proof being made to the Collector of the Customs, by producing Copies of the Orders and Affidavits to verify the same, that the Orders for such Bark were given while the same was allowed to be imported upon Payment of the said DutyJ, be entered and imported upon Payment of the Duty aforesaid.

Lord Mayor, fcc.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Lord Mayor or Aldermen shall, within the Space to summon and of Ten Days after such Certificate has been made and delivered as aforesaid, have Reason to suspect, examine ofirnd- or jf Affidavit shall be made before him or them that the said Certificate was not truly or bona fide

ersuponUa. made* or that the same does not contain the true Particulars of the Bargains therein specified; then,

' and in any such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor or Aldermen, and he or they are hereby required, to summon before him or them respectively any Person or Persons, and to examine them respectively upon Oath, which Oath the said Mayor or Aldermen are hereby authotiltd to administer, touching the Rates and Prices of Oak Bark, or any other Matter or Thing contained in the said Certificate.

Person* guUtyof

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons swearing to the Certificates, or to kgT[4na»*iki.° Entries and Notes as above directed, or who shall be examined on Oath, pursuant to the Directions

of this Act, shall wilfully forswear him or herself, or themselves, every such Person or Persons shall be subject and liable to be prosecuted as for Perjury, by Indictment or Information, by due Course of Law; and, if convicted, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties that Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt

Cond-mnrd. Bark, and all Penalties inflict ed, recoverable by Action of Debt, &c.

Perjury are subject and liable to.

And be it further enacted, That all such Oak Bark which shall be seized and condemned in pursuance of this Act, and all Penalties and Forfeitures whatsoever by this Act inflicted, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Jf^estminster^ by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Name or His Majesty's Attorney-general, or in the Name or Names of the Officer or Officers of the Excise or Customs, who shall seize the said Oak. Bark; and One Moiety of the clear Produce arising from the Sale of all such Goods, and of the Penal-. ties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, after all Charges deducted, shall belong to His Majesty, His His Majesty!^ Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall seise, inform, or prosecute for the same.

Act to cojvinu*

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be ia in Force for Jwe Force for the Term; of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then, next Session of Pax-Ymw. liament.

CAP. LI.

An Act for continuing an Act\ made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain, till September 29th One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

CAP. LII.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to order and allow; out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum therein mentioned, for the Expences of prol’e-cuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy* over and above the Sum yearly allowed for that Service.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 53*54* 53

CAP. LIII.

An Act to enable the Lords of the Treasury to discharge the Executors of Lady Anne Jekyllfrom a

D^bt due to His Majesty, for the Use of the Sinking Fund, upon Payment of the same into the Exchequer.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for the more effectually securing a Quantity of Oak Timber for the Use of the,

Royal Navy.

WHEREAS the Tonnage of the Ships employed, and of those now building, in order to bep,

employed in the Service of the United Company of Merchants in England, trading to the East Indies, doth greatly exceed the Tonnage of Shipping requisite to carry on the Trade of the said United Company, to and from the East Indies: And whereas the building any more Ships for the Service of the said United Company, until those which are now employed, or building to be employed as aforesaid, shall be reduced in Tonnage to the Quantity requisite for carrying on the said Trade, will occasion an unnecessary Consumption of Oak Timber, fit for building large Ships; for Remedy whereof, and for the more ed'edlually securing a Quantity of Oak Timber of a proper Growth for the Use of the Royal Navy j* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Eighteenth Day of After March iff*' March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, the said United Com 1772, the East pany of Merchants trading to the East Indies, or any Person or Persons employed by the said Com- IlKl,a Company pany, or any of their Dirtdors, or any of them, shall not build, or begin to build, or cause any Per- "Ji s° rthofe son or Persons whatsoever to build, or begin to build, any new Ship (except those now building), for no^ building ex-the Service of the said United Company, until the Tonnage of the Ships employed, or to be lted), employed in the Trade of the said Company, on Freight to and from the East indiesy shall be reduced tui the Tonaage to Forty-five thousand Tons, Builders Measurement, on Pain that the said Company, and every other be reduced to Person and Persons so offending shall, for every Ship which shall be built, or begun to be built, con- 45>ooooTon,#' trary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain: One Moiety whereof shall be for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, together with full Costs of Suit, for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of'

His Majesty's Courts of Record at Weslmirslery wherein no Elloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Eighteenth Day

of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, until the Tonnage of all the Ships employed, ^J'tcror bile*0 or to be employed, in the Service of the said United Company trading to the East Indies, on Freight 0Bicff -to and from the East Indies, shall be reduced to Forty-five thousand Tons, Builders Measurement, the built before said United Company, or any Person or Persons employed by the said Company, or any of their Di- March 18, 1771. redors, or any of them, shall not in any Manner whatsoever charter, contractor, or hire any Ship for the Use of the said Company, unless such Ship have been built, or begun to bz built, on or before Penalty of the said Eighteenth Day of March, One thousand seven handred and seventy-two, on Pain that the 5ocjo."for each said Company, and every other Person or Persons so offending (hill, for every Ship which shall be so Offence, chartered, contracted for, or hired as last mentioned, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five thousand Pounds of like lawful Money; One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, together with full Costs of Suit to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in Manner aforesaid.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein- Nothing hefeii* -before contained shall be deemed, or construed to extend, to prohibit the said United Company from conuinedtoPrf* building, comrading for, or hiring, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, any conf* Ship or Ships whatsoever in India, or in any of His Majesty's Colonies in America, for their Use or

Service; or from building, contracting for, or hiring within this Kingdom, during the Continuance the Colonies* «» of this Act, any Ship or Ships, not exceeding Six in Number in the Whole, nor in Burthen Three ia I©dia. hundred Tons respectively, to be employed as Packets, or Advice Boats, in the said United Company’s Service, and that all such last mentioned Ships which shall be built in India, or in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes> considered and deemed to be British-built Ships; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person shall be sued by I*Persons are Action of Debt for any pecuniary Forfeiture or Penalty imposed by this it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff in such Action to declare that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum of Five, J* V/.a<tf thousand Pounds, being forfeited by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Hf$ present Majesty, For the more effectually securing a Quantity of Oak Timber for the Use of the Royal Navy.

t V. An

534

Limitation! of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Publick Act.]

[Treble Costs.]

C. 55. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing herein contained, such Act or Suit shall be commenced within the Space of Six Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise; and such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial thereupon, for his and their Defence; and if upon such Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiff* shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit, or if Judgment be given for the Defendant or Defendants upon Demurer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall hive Treble Costs to him or them awarded against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LV.

An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses, in relation to the Trade carried on between Great Britain and Ireland.

[Preamble.]

c. IT? WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King

Act 12 Car. II. Charles the Second, (intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Naviga- tion) no'Goods or Commodities, the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Africa, Asia, or Ame- rici7, can be imported into this Kingdom from any other Place or Places, Country or Countries, but only from those of the said Growth, Production, or Manufacture, or from those Ports where such Goods can only, or are, or have usually been first shipped for Transportation: And whereas, not- withstandin" the said recited Act, Rum, Sugar, Cost'ee, and other American and Asiatic Goods have been entered outwards for Exportation in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be imported into Great Britain, and have been clandestinely and illegally landed in this Kingdom, contrary to the said recited Act, to the great Prejudice of the Revenue of Custotns, and the Detriment of the fair Trader: For Re- xnedy whereof, may it therefore please Your Majesty that It may be enacted and be it enacted by /he King’s jnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and! After July 5, Temporal, and Commons iri this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, 1772, no Ruin, Xhat, from and after the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, no Rum, hibfted froni^" Sugar, Coffee, or any other Goods whatsoever, which are prohibited to be imported from Ireland into Ireland to Bri- Great Britain, or which are liable to Forfeiture upon being so imported, by any Act or Acts of Par-tain byformer liament made in this Kingdom, shall be exported or entered for Exportation from Ireland to Great Acts, shall be Britain; nor shall any Cocket or Clearance be granted in Ireland for the Exportation of such Goods exported to Qrcat Britain, any Custom or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Merchants en-

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant, or other terinR Goods for person, shall enter any such Goods for Exportation to any foreign Ports, or other Place whatsoever, forcig^Port»to an(* Goods shall, nevertheless, be carried to Great Britain, and landed there, contrary to the true agdlandingrhemIntent and Meaning of this Act; that then, and in every such Case, the Drawback paid, or to be paid, in Britain, shall fgr the same shall be forfeited; and the Exporter of such Goods, and the Master of the Ship or Vessel forfeitthcDnw-on Board which the same were loaden and exported, and every Person concerned or assisting in the Ex-Lac,4 i portation or Landing of the said Goods, whether any Drawback has been or is to be paid for the same

vvirh^h/" of nor, shall forfeit Treble the Value of the said Goods, and the Ship or Vessel, on Board which Ship and Ap. such Goods were laden and exported, with all her Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, shall also he for-parel. feited; and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer of the Customs in Great Britain

Forfeitures re- or Ireland: And the several Penalties and Forfeitures herein-before mentioned shall and may be sued LtwoftLbRe-y ^or and recovered in such and the like Manner as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law of the Revenue value. may be sued for and recovered in the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland respectively; One Moiety of which Penalties and Forfeitures, (after deducting the Charges of Prosecution), shall be to the Use of his Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer of the Customs as dial fuc and prosecute fo/ the same.

TbcFxportefy

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Fifth *«. toohtami Day of July One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, the Exporter or Person having the Direc-fw cat upon the t?on c'( the Voyage, and the Master or Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel on Debenture, &c. Board which any Goods shall be entered for Exportation to foreign Parts, in order to obtain a Drawback thereon, shall swear upon the Debenture that the said Goods are really and bona fide intended to be exported to the Port or Place mentioned in the Entry, and to no other1; and that no Part thereof ii iclanJcd, or intended to be relanded in any Part of Ireland\ or in Great Britain, or the IfJe of Man, or the IfLnds of Faro, or Ferro; nor to be transhipped or put on Board any Ship or Vessel, unless in case si real Distress, to save the said Goods from perilling.

Ko Drawback ]V. And, for the better preventing Frauds in relanding in Ireland any Goods which are intitled to

to t* allowed, c a Drawback or Bounty on Exportation from thence to this Kingdom,* be it further enacted by the *0hucch by* Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and fe- the Celleflor, VCnty-

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 56. 535

venty-two, no Drawback or Bounty shall be allowed or paid for any Goods exported or entered for -

Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain, until a Certificate shall be produced'tinder the Hands and Scads of Office of the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs for the Port where such Good3 shall be landed in Great Britain, testifying the landing thereof 5 which Certificate shall also express the exa£I Weight, Measure, or Quantity of the Goods so landed, with the Number and Marks of the Casks, Bales, or other Packages, in which such Goods shall be contained.

V. And the better to prevent the clandestine importing and landing of foreign Brandy, Rum, Strong Clandestine im«

4 Waters, or other Spirits in small Vessels, which hover upon the Coasts of Ireland,* be it further en^P°rl>n'bOf foreign afled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thou- ^bow to°br sand seven hundred and seventy-two, if any Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture preYcmed. of the British Colonies or Plantations in America shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Ireland, cither from the said Colonies or Plantations, or from Great Britain, in an*y Ship or Vessel whatsoever under the Burthen of Seventy Tons; or if any foreign Brandy, Strong Waters, or othrr Spirits, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sevenry-two, be imported or brought from any other Port or Place whatsoever, in foreign Parts, into the said Kingdom of Ireland^ in any Ship or Vessel under the Burthen of One hundred Tons, except only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on Board such Ships or Vessds respectively, not exceeding Two>

Gallons for each such Seaman, every such Ship or Vessel, with all her Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, and also all such Brandy, Rum, Strong Waters, or other Spirits, shall, in each and every such Case, be forfeited; and shall and may be ftized by any Officer or Officers of the Revenue in Ireland> and prosecuted, tried, determined, recovered, and disposed of, in such and the like Manner as any Forfeitures incurred by the Laws now in Force in the said Kingdom of Ireland zgzinft the running, or intending to run. Goods into that Kingdom, may, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force in that Kingdom, be prosecuted, tried, determined, recovered, and disposed of.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in Pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or G Defendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Ucacr Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonfuiced, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Trdble Costs, and have the likeTitblcCoft* Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law*

CAP. LVI.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of Britxjh* made Gunpowder; to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval*

Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting a*

Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland y and to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in America.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have, by experience, been found useful and lx-neficial, and are near expiring^ may it therefore plcale Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George Act^Oeo. t& the Second, intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-/7W^' Gunpowder, which was to continue in Force (or Five Years, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and id, 16,14w

which, by several subsequent Acts made in the Tenth, Sixteenth, Twenty-fourth, and the Thirty-first 1IaQ*q2lT Years of His said Majesty's Reign, and the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, was further Jj*i, A 4 continued until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, eootuined till and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby September *9, farther continued from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thou- *77*> and to the fend seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- Endof liament. kj.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Actt S Geo. I*

Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for giving further Encouragement for the bnportation of N:/val Store*, ur.dfor other Purposes therein menti:md, as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, an 1 of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of His Majesty's British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impofuions what-

foe vcrr

33$ C. 57.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 177?«

ntinu- September* One thousand seven hundred and seven ty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next t.2c, Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof,

soever, which was to be in Force for Tvycnty-one Years, from the Twenty-fourth Dey of One thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and which by several subsequent Ad$ made in the Sixteenth, an/oco iV’and Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-lirft Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Seoond, and 4Gco! ill.a" Fourthlycar of IJis present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the Twenty-ninth Day of

fart hr r continued till S<pt.

1773,and tilUhe untj| the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from

next Session. n thence to the E.n(i of the then next Session of Parliament.

G *"'11

III. And xt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of *9 Wi ' the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture or British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectually securing the Duties now payablt on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into tlji{ Kij\gdom, which was to continue in b orce from the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the Att* 13,24, and Thirteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of His said Majesty Is Reign, and the Fourth Year

31 Geo. 11. and of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the Twenty-ninth Day of Septemb#\Oot, 4Gc0.III. thousand seven hundred and lexenry-onc, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessions of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the

farthercontinu- Twenty-ninth Day of September^ One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the -cd till Sept. 29, Jrncj of the then ne^t Session of Parliament.

v*773, r it

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority afoixsaid. That an Act made, io the Twelfth Year Act 11 Geo. II. of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to (tarry Sugars, of the Growths Prodace, or Manufacture of any of His Majejlfs Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies dire ft ly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, which was to continue in force for Five Years, from the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-md Aftt T7, *4, liament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the Seventeenth, Twenty-fourth, and w<! Thirty-first Years of his said Majesty's Reign, and the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

no ct Geo. was continued until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and

continued till seventy-one, and fr<?m thence so the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same September 29, is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the Twcnry-ninth Day of September, 1771,»ndeothe Oqe thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of ' End of the then Parliament

in V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of further contimi*- *he of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland,

ed as above men- which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of tieued. Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the

Twenty-ninth Day of One thousand seven hundred and f^venjty-eight, and from thence to

the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

r Geo. XII.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the

Tenth Year of the Reign " ‘‘ -

made in the Third Year of ii»

Viade in the Twenty-fir/I w\d Twenty-eight Years of His, lots &&]?/*y

Andie: in the British Plantations in America; an cl for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth fear of His late Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, io Spanift* Prize Gods

taken since the late Declaration of I far with Spain, "

the British Plantations in America, and for exph His present Majesty's Reiga, as relates to the America, and for extending the same to the naval Officers there, as relates to the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and which was to continue in Force from the First Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, for the Term of Two Years, arwl from thence to

&nhcc the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall he, and the same is hereby further continued from

t<k^ull Aug. 1, the Expiration thereof, until the First Day of August, One thousand seven hqjqd/ed and leveiuy-four* 1774' and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

CAP. LVII.

An Act to explain and amend so much of ah Ad made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Establiflimenc of Lazarets.

-PreawMe. 4 XT WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of thcrRsign of His late Majesty

a^x6Gc°.II, < W King George the Second, (intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their £hui-

c rantine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain ;r c Ireland, or the Iffs of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man) it is, (amongst other Things) 4 enacted, That whenever His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, determined by and with the Advice and Con- lent of Parliament, shall direct Houses or Lazarets to be provided for the receiving and entertaining

'4 of Persons obliged to perform (Quarantine, or for the depositing, opening, and airing of

,1 4 and

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 57. 53

and \MerchandiLs liable as aforesaid; ie shall and may be lawful to ere£l the same in such Places,

for such Time as His Maj^dy shall judge necessary., for t!ic Purposes aforesaid, paying such Rate,

4 Rent, or other Consideration, as shall be agreed upon, or a'lcfled and adjudged, in such Manner as therein prescribed in that Rch ilf: And whereas in the Fifth Year of the Reign of H:s present Ma~ ActqCco.Iit.

4 je fly a Sum was granted determined by Parliament, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, towards building a 4 Lav. a ret, but Doubts have aiifcn, whether His Majesty is sufficiently enabled, by the Powers in the said recited Act contained, to contract and agree for the absolute Purchase of Lands, Messuages,

4 Tentmcn s, an 1 Hereditament, to bi settled unalienably in the Town, for the Purpose of making,

erecting, and eft. b!idling fuc Ltzarcts ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Aivice and Conl.nt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common', in this.prc-sent Parliament ail'embled embled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar i: shall and may be lawful to and of the

for the Lords Corn mi dinners of His Majesty's Treasury, now or for the Time b~ing, or any Tnrce or

more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, on the Behalf of His Majesty, H1 s veai*

Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to treat, contract, and agreecntly ficuated, for the absolute Purchase or Stic, Release, or Surrender, to or for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs for the Pupose and Successors, of any Fftite or Estates of Inheritance, in any Lands, Messuages, Tenements, and of thcAlD Hercdi-a rents, which they shall judge to be by their Situation, and in other Respecfts, convenient and fit for the Purposes intended by this A.T, with the Owner and Owners of fi;h resptflive Lftite'or F states of Inheritance, for such Sum or Sums of Money, or upon such other Terms or Conditions as they shall think fitting; a:il that upon the executing of such Contracts or Agreements, by or on the Behalf of such Owi.er or Owners as aforesaid, or upon executin’ such other Conveyances, Alignments, Releases, or Surrenders, in such Contract or Contracts shall be agreed on for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and f>r the said Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the Time eirg. an(j

or any T hree or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and they are hereby Payment to be impowered to order and dire<cl the Payment of the Laid Sum of Five thous.md Pounds; and likewise, in niade for such case that Sum shall not be fulfi i< r.t, then by and our of any Monies arising, or to arise to His Majesty, Furcfaaic' his Heirs or Succcfios, of or for any Customs, SubfiJi s, irr pofltions, or other Duties, upon the Importation or Exportation of any Goods or Merchandises whatsoever, already granted or payable or hereafter to be gr nted or p yable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Great Britain, IVal's^ or Berwick upon to ordtr and direct the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money from Time

to Time, as shall be so contracted or agreed on for such Purchase or Purchases, to such Person or Persons as, according to the Terms of huh Contracts or Agreements, shall be in titled to have and receive the same,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after such Pay-The MefTuigei

ment of the Purchase money to the I'Vrfon or Persons so intitled to receive the fime as aforesaid, the f0 to be pu chas-several Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, and such Contracts or Agree- ed to be wfted in ments mentioned or comprised, or intended so to be, together with all Rights, Members, Easements.Crown» *or and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the same, or any Part thereof, belonging and usually held and en

joyed therewith, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, from Time to Time, unalienably, veiled

in t e Crown, for the Purposes of making, erecting, or establishing the re a Lazaret or Lazerets; and

His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, fh ill for ever have, hold, and enjoy the same, against such

Vendor and Vendors respectively; and all and every Person and Persons, claiming or to claim, by,

f o.n, or under them, or any of them, freed and discharged of and from all former Entails, and from

all incumbrances whatsoever made or granted of the Premises, or any Part thereof: And the Receipt or Receipt! of Prr-

Receipts of such Person or Persons, as fh ill be intitled or authorised to receive such Purchase money as fonsauthor:fd

afuiticid, under his or their Hands respectively, testifying the Payment of the same, or any Part there- to nrceive the

of, by the said Commissioners of the T'rcafury, or such Person or Persons as they, or any Three of

them, (Rail order and direct to pay the same, shall be a fjfncient Discharge to His Majesty, His Heirs o.'charge uHii

and Successors, for all such Sum and Sums of Money as such Receipt or Receipts shall be given for: M-jcrty.

And His Majesty His Heirs and Successors, shall be absolutely acquitted and Jiicharged of and from the said Monies, nntwiihft mding any Misapplication of the same, or any Part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as often as any Difference fhdl arise Price of such concerning such Purchase, or the Price or Consideration between the said Commissioners of His Ma- Premise* rr.ay be jesty’s iTeafiiy now cr for the T'irne being, or any Three or more of ihem, or the High Treasurer for the GenVai* the I irnc bein^t £iid the Owner or Owners of such Lands, Mefniages, Tenement j, and liercdita- ^r*er seiLoni. nents, as aforesaid, their Guardians or Trustees, (no: being the D welling-house of such Owner or Owners, or Park, Garden, Orchard, Park, Third, or planted Walk, or Avenue to such House), it

shall and may be lawful for any One or more Person or Persons, to be appointed for that Purpose by Ills Majesty, H is Heirs or Successors, under His or Their Sign Manuel, and such Person or Persons are hereby authorised. Thirty Days at the Icaft before any General Quarter SJiimi of the Peace to be held for the respective Counties or Divisions where such Premises as aforesaid shall respectively lie, to give, or cause to be given, to such respective Owner or Owners, or to be left at their last Places of Abode respectively, a Notice in Writing, describing the said Premises, and purporting, that the Price or Conftdciation of such Premises will be adjusted and settled by a Jury at the said Sessions: And the Justices, at their said Sessions, upon Proof 10 them made of such Notice or Notices given, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to charge the Jury which shall attend at the said Sessions, or Ionic other Jury of Twelve honed and substantial Men, (to be then and There impanelled and teturned determined by the Sheriff of the County, without Fee or Reward), and cause to be sworn well and

38 C. 58. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

truly on their Oath9, to assess the Value of the Premise* comprised in such Notices, and the Price or Consideration to be given for the same, to the respective Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective Intereffcs therein, which Oath the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to administer to the said Jury; and to which said Jury, the said Person or Persons so to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the Parties interested in such Premises, shall have their lawful Challenges; and the said Jury, being so sworn and charged as aforesaid, after proper Evidence, oil Oath, given to them, shall, by their Verdict, assess the Price or Consideration to oe given for such Premises to the respective Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective Interests therein; Verdict of the which Verdict of the said Jury, and Judgment of the said Justices thereupon, shall be conclusive, and Ju y, %ni frffr finally bind all Parties; and from and after such Verdict and Judgment, and paying such Priceor other Consideration, the said Premises shall vest in and be held by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for the further Encouragement of the Herring Fishery on the Coasts of the Ifitof Man; and for obviating a Doubt which has arisen with respect to the allowing the Bounties upon the British White Herring Fishery, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

[Preamble.]

After June 14, 177a, any Sort of Herrings* caught and cured near the Isle of Man, may be brought into Great Britain, on Payment of the Duties men* ti >ned.

Herrings from the Isle of Man liable to the same Duties as those brought from Scotland.

Certificate to be brought by the Master of the Ship, from the Governor, &c. tbit the Herrings were taken on the Coasts of the Isle of Man; to be attested by an Officer of the Customs, expref-sing the Number of Bairds, *xc.

After June'*4, 177a, Inhabitant of the Isle of Man way export H-rrngs to the Bi tish Colonies,

WHEREAS it is necessary that some further Encouragement should be given to the Inhabitants of the Isle of Mans to engage in and carry on the Herring Fiftiery, on the Coasts thereof; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempor.il, and-Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June^ One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall and maybe lawful to import, and bring into any Part of Great Britain, any Sort of Herrings caught upon the Coasts of the Isle of Man, and cured there, upon Payment of the Duties herein after mentioned; any Law* Custom, or Usage, to the Contrary notwithstanding;. that is to say. For every Barrel of While Herrings, containing Thirty two Gallons, Three Shillings and Four-pence, and for every, thousand of Red Herrings One Shilling and Eight-pence* and after those Rates for any greater or less Quantities of such Herrings rcfoeftively*

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties which shall be charged upon such Herrings, in pursuance of this Act, shall be raised, JevieJ, and recovered by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, an<L applied to the same Uses and Purposes, as are directed and prescribed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, which are now in Force, respecting the Dirties upon Fish brought or imported into England, from that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland; and the said Herrings so imported from the IJk of Many in pursuance of this Act, shall, in all Respects, be subject and liable to the same Rules and Regulations* as such Herrings brought from Scotland are liable to by Law, except in such cases#where any Alteration is made by this Act,

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter or other Person, having the Charge of the Ship so importing such Herrings, shall bring with him a Certificate or Certificates from the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Commander in Chief, or Chief Magistrates for the Time being, that Oath has been made before him or them, in the Presence of the Officer of the Customs for the Port or Place where such Herrings shall be put on Board, that the same were bona fide taken on the Coasts of the Isle of Man and cured there;. which Certificate or Certificates shall also be attested by the said Officer of the Customs, and shall express the Number of Barrels, and Quantity, of such Herrings respectively, and the Marks of the Package expressed in the Bill or Bills of LaJing, with the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons as shall have made the Oath herein-before directed, and where and to whom such Herrings shall be consigned in Great Britain; and tive Master or Person taking Charge of the Ship or Vessel importing the same shall also make Oath before the Collector or Principal Officer of the Salt Duties, at the Port or Place of Importation in Great Britain, that the said Herrings are the same that were taken on Board, by virtue of the said Certificate or Certificates, so to to be produced; 00 Failure whereof, or of any of the Requisites herein-before mentioned, the Herrings shall be liable to the same Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Herrings would have been liable to by Law, if this Act had not been made.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and sevenry-two, it shall and may be lawful for any of His Majesty Subjects, inhabiting and residing in the Isle of Man, to export from t lence, and import into any British Colonies or Plantations in America, in British Ships or Vessels, manned and navigated according to an Act of Parliament made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and' Navigation). Herrings caught and cured by them in the same Manner as Victuals of and from Ireland may be imporred into the said Colonies or Plantations, determined by an Act made in the pifteenth Year of the Reign of the said King Charles the Second, (intituled An /lei for the Encouragement of Trade); any Law, Custom, or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding.

1 V. And

c.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 58. 539

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-fourth of %t\t

Day of June* One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall and may be Lawful for any Fifker- »ecefory for cu,

man inhabiting the ljle of Man, to load there, on Board any Vessel or Bodt employed in the Fishery onT* ftKl1 the Coarts of the fain IAand, any Quantity of Salt which shall be sufficient and necessary for curing Cargo of Herrings taken by such Vessel or Boat, Bond being first given to His Majesty, His Heirs and tny Vessel, Bond Successors, with One sufficient Surety besides the Master, to be approved of by the Collector, or othertaagffan, *c, Principal Officer of His Majesty's Revenue, at the Port or Place from whence such Vert'd or Boat (halfl depart, in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Ton of Salt which shall be so taken on Board, with Condition that the same shall be used only in the curing of such Herrings, and shall not be landed* ifc any Part of Great Britain, or transhipped, or put on Board any other Ship or Vessel; and on Return of such Vessel or Boat from the Fishery into any Port or Place in the said ljle of Man, the Master an4

One of the Crew belonging to and employed on Board such Vessel or Boat, during the whole Voyage,

shall make Oath before the Collector, or other Principal Officer of His Majesty's Revenue, at the near* eft Port where they shall arrive, (which Oath such Collector or other Officer is hereby impowered and required to administer ), that the Salt so laden in such Vessel or Boat (excepting such Part thereof, as may remain unused on Board) has been really and truly expended in curing the Herrings caught and taken by them, and that no Part thereof had been landed in any Part of Great Britain, or transnipped, or put on Board any other Ship or Vessel; which Bond shall continue in Force for One Year from and after the Completion of tl\e Voyage: And in case no Fraud appears within that Time, it shall and may be lawful for the Receiver-general of His Majesty's Revenue in the ljle of Man, or hi* Deputy, to di-rcdl the said Bond to be cancelled and delivered up,

VI. And whereas by an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty KingAd13 Geo. il,

4 George the Second, (intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fifiery), a*. H-

Bounty of Thirty Sh Pings per Tan was granted to the Owners of such decked Vefllls as should be fit- ted out and employed in the said Fishery, in the Manner, and under the several Regulations and Re-

ftridlions, in the said Act mentioned, to be paid yearly, during the Space of Fourteen Years, from the Commencement of the said Act, and no longer: And whereas by another Act, made in the Twenty-

eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, (intituled, An Act for further explaining, amending. Ad *8 Geo. II,

and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Twenty- third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, c*

intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fifiery \ and for giving further Encouragement for the carrying on the said Fifiery \ and for other Purposes therein mentioned, the said Bounty was continued for the further'I crm of Three Years, to be computed immediately from and after the Expiration of the term for which the same was granted as aforesaid: And whereas by another Act,

made in the ThirtiethYcar of the Reign of His said late Majesty, (intituled, An Act for allowing a fur- ?0 gco.II, 4 ther Bounty on Vessels employed in the White Herring Fi fiery; for giving Liberty to alter the present Form andc, 30, ’

4 Size of the Nets used in the said Fifiery; and for other Purposes therein mentioned), it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the said Bounty of Thirty Shillings, by the said Two several Acts granted and continued for the respective Terms of Years therein respectively mentioned, should cease, determine,

and be it an End j and in lieu thereof, a Bounty of Fifty Shillings per Ton, on the Vessels cm- ployed in the said Fisheries, was granted for such Term and Terms of Years, to be paid in such Manner as the said Bounty of Thirty Shillings per Ton was by the said Two several Acts, or either of them, directed to be paid: And whereas by another Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the British White Herring Act 5 Geo. III.

4 Fifiery), it was, amongst other Things, recited, That the Terms for which the said Bounty wasc. *1.

granted, would expire on the Twenty-second Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and sixty- seven 5 and, by the said last mentioned Act, it was also enacted, That the said Bounty of Fifty Shillings per Ton, granted by the said Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty,

should be further continued for the further Term of Four Years, to be computed from and immedi- ately after the Expiration of the Terms for which the same was granted as aforesaid: And whereas by another Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for net rx Geo. III. 4 the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery), a Bounty of Thirty Shillings per Ton is to be paid c. jt.

annually, in the Manner as in the said Act is provided, to the Owner or Owners of all decked Vessels, from Twenty to Eighty Tons Burthen, which shall be fitted out and employed in the said Fifties

ries, in Manner and under the Regulations in the said last-recited Act mentioned, for the Space

and Term of Seven Years, from and after the Twenty-second Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-ohe, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it was intended by the said last recited Act, That the said Bounty of Thirry Shillings />/-rTon, thereby granted, should commence and take place immediately after the Expiration of the Term for which the former Bounty of Fifty Shillings ter Ton was granted and continued by the several Acts herein- before recited: And whereas several Vessels have been fitted out and employed upon the Summer and Winter Fisheries, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, upon a Presumption that the Bounty of Fifty Shillings per Ton, granted and continued by the before-recited Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, did not expire till the Twenty-second Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, agreeably to the Recital of the said Act; but Doubts having arisen,

whether the Term of Twenty-one Years, for which the said Bounty was first granted and continued,

4 as herein-before mentioned, should not have been computed from the First Day of the Session of Parliament, in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, which began upon the Sixteenth Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and which Term, from that Date, by

54°

Owners of Sum* msr Fishery 1771, to be allowed a Bounty of 50». per Ton j and Owners of Winter Fishery to be allowed 30 s. per Too.

Preamble, sectting Letun Patent of Geo. II*

C. 59. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

the Alteration of Stile, expired on the Twenty-seventh Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and seventy: and, according to which Computation, the Owners of the Vessels so fitted out and employed in the Fisheries fSr the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy one are not intitled to any Bounty: Now, to obviate these Doubts, and for the Relief of the Owners of such Vessels as have been so fitted out and employed as aforesaid,’ it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner or Owners of such Ships or Vessels as were fitted out and employed in the First or Summer Fishery, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, shall be allowed a Bounty of Fifty Shillings per Ton for such Veil'd so employed; and the Owner or Owners of such i Ships or Vessels as were fitted out and employed in the latter or Winter Fishery, for the said Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, shall be allowed a Bounty of Thirty Shillings per Ton, for *such Ships or Vessels as were so fitted out and employed in that Fishery: Which said respective Bounties hereby allowed shall be paid in the same Manner as, and shall in all other respects be subject to all the Restrictions and Regulations which were directed and prescribed by the before-recited Acts, or any other Act of Parliament, with respect to the former Bounty of Fifty Shillings per Ton, which was granted by the said recited Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; any Thing in the before-recited Acts, or any other Act, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for vesting In His Majesty certain Hereditaments at Richmond, in the County of Surrey, belonging to Catharine Viscountess Fitzwilliam, and held by Lease from the Crown, and for vetting the Freehold and Inheritance of certain Leasehold and Copy-hold Hereditaments at Richmond aforesaid in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust for the said Catharine Viscountess Fitzwilliam, as a Part of the Compensation for the lame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS His late Majesty King George the Second, by His Letters Patent, bearing Date the Twenty-fourth Day of January, in the Fifth Year of His Reign, granted and demited un- to Sir Matthew Decker Baronet, finee deceased, all that Messuage or Tenement, called or known by the Name of The Bnkehouse at Richmond, in the County of Surrey, together with Two Garde ns to the said Tenement belonging. One of which Gardens is therein mentioned to be inclosed with a Brick Wall, and to abut upon the North-west Side of a Pi ce of Land or Yard, then or late in the Tenure or Occupation of Grimes, Widow; and the other Garden is therein mentioned to be inclosed

with Pales, and to adjoin to the aforesaid Tenement, then or late in the Occupation of John Stevens,

thenrofore demised to him by Edward Villars Esquire, for a Term of Years then expired; and dte>

all that Piece or Parcel of Land, Orchard, or Garden, with the Appurtenances, containing by LIII- ration One Acre, or thereabouts, being, or reputed to be. Part of the Park called Richmond Old Park,

theretofore in the Tenure of Gilbert Grimes, deceased, and then or late in the Occupation of William Beaumond, theretofore demised to him by the said Edward Villars for a Term of Years then expired,

with free Way and Passage to and from the said Piece of Land by and through the aforesaid Yard,

late in the Occupation of the said Gilbert Grimes; and also all those Three Closes of Land or Pasture Ground, situate at Richmond aforesaid, called Bentley Parky containing by Estimation Twenty Acres,

more or less, Parcel also of the aforesaid Park called Richmond Old Park, then late in the Possession or Occupation of Sir Charles Hedges Knight, or his Assigns; and also all those Tw o Tenements adjoin- ing to the Pjemises therein above mentioned and demised, then or late in the Possession of Rowland Corbet and William Watts, Tenants at the Will of the Lord, by several yearly Rents, amounting to- gctiier to the Sum of Five Pounds and Fifteen Shillings a-year, together with a small Building or Stable aujoini- g to the Tenement of the said William Watts; and also all that fmdl Piece of Land thtn lately recovered and inclosed by the aforesaid Sir Charles Hedges Knight, out of the Waste there,

4 by the common Content of the Inhabitants of Richmond aforesaid, and the Tenants of the Manor there,

abutting upon Fart of the Premites there above demised towards the East, upon a W. y leading from 4 a Place tailed Richmond Green to the River Thames towards the South, upon the said River towards the Weft and upon the Land or Meadow then or late in the Tenure of John Duckworth towards the North, together with all Manner of Appurtenances to the said Premises belonging; all which Prc- mites are therein mci tioned to have been demised by His late Majesty King I Viliam the Third on the Fourth Day of March, in the Thirteenth Year of His Reign, for a Term of Fiity Years, at the Rent of Thirty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings; and to have afterwards been demited by His late Majesty King George the Fiift to the said Sir Matthew Decker Baronet, cn the Twenty-fourth Day of Septem- ler in 1 he Fourth h ear of His Reign, for a Term of Sixteen Years, from the Fourth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and fifty, at the same Rent of Thirty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings, to hold the Lid Premises thereby demised to the said Sir Alatihcw Decker, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the Fourth Day of March, in the Year of our Lo;d One thousand liven hundred and sixty-ftx, for and during the Tim* and Term ot Fourteen Years fion* thenceforth next entering, yielding and pay ing the refore for the said Premises the ancient yearly Rent or Sum ot Thirty-one Pouitds Fifteen Shillings, during the Tun thereby granted, as therein mentioned: And whereas the said Sir Matthew Decker, by his last Will and Tcflainent^ bearing Date the Nineteenth Day of Ja~

nuary

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. 59. 541

nuary, One thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, after giving a Legacy of Five hundred Pounds, gave, devised, and bequeathed all the Rest of His Estate, as well Real as Pei Tonal, unto hA Wife Henrietta

4 Decker, her Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, forever, and appointed his said Wife folc lAecu- trix of his said Will, who duly proved the same in the Prerogative Court of the Arch!>ishop of Can-

terbury, on the Twelfth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and forty-nine: And whereas His said Majesty King George the Second, afterwards, by His Letters Patent, hearing Dat? the Se- venth Day of November^ in the Twenty-fifth Year of His Reign, granted and deni fed unto the said Dame Henrietta Decker all and singularthe Messuage or Tenement, Lands, Hereditaments and Premise?,

which, in and by the said herein-before recited Letters Patent, were granted nnl <J< mi led ro the f fi 1 4 Sir Matthew Decker, with their Appurtenances, to hold unto the said Dame Henrietta Dec kef, ht r

4 Executors, Adn initiators, and Afligt s, from the Fourth Day of March, which will come in the.

4 Ye ir of our Lord One thot find seven hundred and eighty, for and during the Term and Tune of.

4 Nineteen Years snd rn Half, from thenceforth next tnfuing, yielding and paying the refore for the said Premises the ancient yearly Rent or Sum of Thirty-one Pounds iftcen Shilling0, during the Term thereby granted, as therein mentioned: And whereas, at a Special Court Baton of His late Majesty King George the Second, held for His Manor of Richmond, otherwise West Sheene, on Friday the Seventh Day ot Jn/y, in the Twenty third Year of His said Majesty's Reign, the said Dame Hen- rietta Decker w.is duly admitted Tenant to all that Customary Half Acre of Land, with the Appur-.

terances, fifu3te, lying, and be ing in a Field called The Upper Field of Richmond aforesaid, in a Shot.

called Marsh Furze hhoty adjoining cn the East and West to Land then late of 4 JwSy Gentleman, but then of and also to all that Customary CJapital Messuage

or Tenement fuu to and being in Richmond aforesaid, near the Green there, and formerly in the Possession of Sir Chari s Hedges y Knight, and then late in the Possession of the said Sir Matthew Decker,

together with the Outhouses, Edifices, Coach-houses, Stables, Gardens, and other the Appurte-.

nances to the said Messuage c r Tenement belonging or in anywise appertaining, or formerly enjoyed- therewith; and also to all that Piece or Pare d of Land, with the Appurtenances, formerly Part of the Wade of the (hid Manor, lying on the East Angle of the Garden Wall, formerly of William Finchy containing in Length Fourteen Feet, or thereabout^, and in Breadth Twelve Feet, or there- r,bouts, to hold to the said Dame Henrietta Decker, her H.irsnnd Assigns, forever, at the Will of the Lord, according to the Custom of the said Manor, by Fealry Rent of Thirteen Shillings and Far pence,.

4 Suit of Court, and other Service, first due and of Ri^ht accustomed and at the same Court tlu said Dame Henrietta Decker furn nderul the said of Premises, with the Appu tenances, according to the Customof the said Manor, tc the Use of such Person or Persons, and to and for Inch Trulls, Uses, Intents, and Purports, as (he should, in and by her lad Will and Testament, in Writing, give, devise, be- questh, direct, limit, or appoint, at the Will of the Lord, according to the Custom of the said Manor And whereas the said Dame Henrietta Decker being poll'd ted of the said Leasehold Premises above mentioned by the several Letters Pat. nt ard Will above recited and referred to, and being also pof- sessed of and intitled in Fee to the said of or Customary Premises, and having surrendered the same in Manner aforesaid, duly made and published her left Will and Testament, bearing Date the.

4 Thirteenth Day of jfprily One thousand fevcji hundred and forty-nine, whereby (he gave and be-.

questhed all her Freehold, of, Leasehold, and Personal Estates unto her Son-in-law the.

4 Honourable John Trlbcty and Gerard Van Necky Esquire, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators,.

upon Trust, to raise and pay thereout the several Sums of Money thereby directej; and in further Trust, to (land seized and possessed of all the Rest and Residue of the said Freehold, of. Lease-.

hold, and Personal Estates in Trust, for the foie and separate Use of her Daughter Cats.anne Fitzwil- ham, whose Directions, as far as it concerned her Share, the fofid Testatrix desired her laid Trustees would pursue, either in continuing or a’tcfing the Situation her said several Estates should be in at- the Time of her Death, in such Manner as (he should most approve; and the said Testatrix did alfa expu/s her Will to be, that if her laid Daughter (ho> Id at any Time be disposed to present, fell, or dispose of to her Husband, the Right Honourable the Lo:d Viscount Fitzwilliam, or to any other*

4 Person or Persons, the Whole, or any Part of what the Testatrix thereby gave unto her, that it should be lawful for her said Trustees, notwithstanding any Thing in her laid Will contained, to*

transfer and assign the same upon Request made to them by her said Daughter, by any Writing or Writings under her Hand, to such Person or Persons, and for such Estates and Interests, and in rnclv Manner and Form as her said daughter should appoint, and which Writing or Writings the said Testatrix declared should be to her Trustees a full Discharge for their so doing; and the said Testatrix appointed her said Daughter, the said Catharine Viscountess FitzwiHiamy her ole Executrix; and the said Testatrix afterwards, by a Codicil to her said Will, made the Ninth Day of March, One thou- Lnd seven hundred and fifty-two, after taking Notice that the said Gerard Van Neck was dead, no- minated and appointed John Page of If'ater Gate Housey in the County of Sujj'ex, Esquire, and Jokir Daniel Dreyer of Londotiy Merchant, in the Room of the said Gerard Van Necky Co-rrustees with the said John Talbot \ and thereby did devise and bequeath unto them the said ‘John Talbot, John Page*

and John Daniil Dreycr, their Heirs, Executors, an. 1 Administrators, all her several Estates in her laid 4 Willmentioned, upon the several Trusts in her laid Will let forth, and therein also gave several other pecuniary Legacies: And whereas the said Dame Henrietta Decker died not long after the making Ik r 4 laid Will and Codicil, and the said Catharine Viscountess Fitzwish.m duly proved the same in-%

the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury, on the Nmtn Day of May, One thousand % seven hundred and fifty-nine, And whereas at a specuf Court Baron of His said late Majesty King

4 George

S42 cC> 59. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

George the Second, for His said Manor of Richmond, other wise West Sheene, held on Saturday the Twenty-seventh Day of October, in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, the said Pa?/ w&John Daniel Dreyer (the said John Talbot being then dead) were duly admitted Tenants to all and nngular the said of or Customary Messuage or Tenement, Lands, Tenements. Hereditaments, and Premises, with their Appurtenances, whereunto the said Dame Henrietta Decker had been admitted as aforesaid, to hold the said Premises, with the Appurtenances, unto the said John Page and John Daniel Dreyer. their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, at the Will of the Lord,

according to the Custom of the said Manor, upon the Trusts, and to and for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes, in and by the said Will and Codicil of the said Dame Henrietta Decker mentioned, expressed, >4 and declared, of and concerning the same: And whereas the said John Daniel Dreyer afterwards died, *4 and the said John Page being then the surviving Trustee under the said Will and Codicil of the said Dame Henrietta De$ker% and the several Sums charged by her said Will and Codicil on her said Estate*

having been paid and discharged, by Indenture of Three Parts, bearing Date the Tenth Day of November, which was in the Year or our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and made between the said John Page of the First Part; the Right Honourable Richard Lord Viscount Fitzwilliam. and the said Catharine Lady Viscountess Fitzwilliam his Wife, of the Second Part;

and Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, both of London, Merchants, the Sons of the said John a4 Daniel Dreyer deceased, of the Third Part; the said John Page, by the Direction of the said Richard Viscount Fitzwilliam and Catharine Viscountess Fitzwilliam, did assign and set over all and singular the Messuage or Tenement, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, in and by the aforesaid recited Let- ters Patent granted and demif.d, with their Appurtenances, unto the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer the Sops, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during all the Reftduo and Remainder then to come of the aforesaid Term of Fourteen Years, and for the Whole of the said Term of Nineteen Years and an Half, upon such and the same Trusts, and to and for such and the same Intents and Purposes, as in and by the said Will of the said Dame Henrietta Decker are declared and expressed, of and concerning the Rest and Residue therein mentioned of her Freehold. of,

4 Leasehold, and Personal Estates: And whereas at a General Court Leet and Court Baron of His present Majesty, held for the said Mano^of Richmond, otherwise West Sheene on Saturday the First Day of April, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer^ the Sons, were duly admitted upon the Surrender of the said v 4 John Page, to all and Angular the said of or Customary Mefiuageor Tenement, Lands, Tene- ItlentSj Hereditaments, and Premises, with their Appurtenances, whereunto the said Dame Henrietta Decker had been admitted as aforesaid, to hold the said Premises, with their Appurtenances, unto the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, the Sons, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, at the Will of the Lord, according to the Custom of the said Manor, upon the Trusts, and to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, in and by the said Will and Codicil of the said Dame Henrietta Decker mentioned, expressed, and declared of and concerning the same: And whereas it hath been agreed,

4 by and on the Behalf of the said Catharine Viscountess Fitzwilliam, in con fide ration of the Sum of Two thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, to be paid her by His most Excellent Majesty, and of the Enfranchisement and Release herein after mentioned, that all and singular the said Leasehold Premises, except a certain Part thereof, containing in Quantity about One Acre and an Half,

and herein after more particularly described, shall be surrendered up and vested in His Majesty, Hi* 4 Heirs and Successors, discharged of the said several Terms for Years so granted thereof, as aforesaid,

and of all other Terms, Incumbrances, and Demands; but the said Agreement capnot be effectually established and carried into Execution without the Authority of Parliament: And whereas the Payment of the said Sum of Two thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds hath been secured to the Satis- faction of the said Lady Viscountess Fitzwilliam, and #of the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer*, the Sons ;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the of or Customary Mef-

His Majesty*! fuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises herein-before mentioned and described, to which Manor of Rich- the said Maurice Dreyer and and John Daniel Dreyer the Sons were admitted Tenants, as aforesaid, shall mond, tenant- be, and are hereby enfranchised, and shall from henceforth be and remain in the said Maurice Dreyer ed by Meft*. and John Daniel Dreyer, the Sons, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, to hold unto them the said Maurice Diryerj, &c.^to Dreyer and \ John Daniel Dreyer, the Sons, their Heirs and Assigns, of His said Majesty's Manor of and Vced of Richmond\ otherwise West Sheene, in free and common Soccage, freed and discharged, and absolutely common So«- acquitted and exonerated of, from, and against all Fines, Heriots, Customs, Duties or other Tenure* ca it, &c. or services whatsoever, any Law or Statute to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

How the Land* It# And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a certain Part of the said Leasehold wt bounded that Premises, comprised in the Letters Patents herein-before mentioned, containing One Acre and an Half, ?rV? ffDftCd anc* bounded in Manner following; that is to say, On the South in Part by the said of, Mef-

.-injyie. rc>CIS> fuage, and Premises; in other Part by a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, in the Occupation of

Ewer, and in other Part by the Lane which leads from Richmond Green to the River Thames \ on the East by such Part of the Lane leading from Richmond Green to West Sheene, as measures from the

South-east Corner of the said of Premises next to Richmond Green Northwards, Three hundred and seventeen Feet and Eight Inches; on the North by a Line (already flaked out by the Orders of ‘.His Majesty, and of the said Viscountess) running from the Northern Extremity of the said Eastern Boundary towards the Weft, Niue hundred and.fifteen Feet, and Six Inches; of.th^e Weft by another

Line

I I

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii. G. 60. $4.3 7 "

Line (already staked oat in Manner aforesaid) running from the Weftem Extremity of the said Northern Boundaiv towards the Souths Sixty-five Feet, and terminating in the said Lane whi£h leads from Richmond Green to the River Thames j shall be, and the same are hereby released, and shall from henceforth veil, remain, and be in and to the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer the Sons, their Heirs and A (Tigris, for ever, to have and to hold the same to the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, thr Sons their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, in free and common Soccage of His Majesty's said Manor of Richmond, otherwise West Sheene and by no other Rent or Service whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Rest and Residue of the feve- t^c Uiid* to ral Leasehold Premises, compriild in the several Letters Patents herein-before recited, or referred to, in Hi# and containing E«ght:en Acres and an Half, shall be, and the same are hereby surrendered to His Majesty.

Majesty, and shall from henceforth vest, remain, and he in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, freed and discharged of all Estates, Terms of Years, or other Interests, Claims, or Demands whatsoever, of them the said Maurice Dreyer and J:hn Daniel Dreyer, the Sons, or of the said Lord and Lady FitZiutt*

Ham, or either of them, or of pny other Person whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and Angular the said Me flu ages, Mads vested In '

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, hereby vested in them the said Maurice Dreyer and John DanielMeflr* I>eyers tb Dreyer, the Sons, their Heirs and Assign9, as aforesaid, shall from henceforth be and remain vested in ' itc

them, their Heirs and Assigns 5 and also that the said Sum of Two thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds,

to be paid by His farid Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, immediately upon the passing of this Act, to them the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, the Sons, shall, from and immediately after such Payment thereof, be and remain vested in them the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, the Sons, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, upon such (respective Trusts, and to and for such respective Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in such Manner, for the foie and separate Use, Benefit, and Disposal of the said Catlyarine Viscountess Fitzwilliam, as in and by the aforesaid Will of the said '

Dame Henrietta Decker is and are directed, declared, and expressed, of and concerning the Rest and Residue of the Freehold and Personal Estate of the said Dame Henrietta Decker, by her said Will and Codicil d.vised and bequeathed to the Trustees therein named, for the Benefit of the said Catharine Vif* counters Fitzwilliamtitx Daughter, or as near thereto as Circumstances will admit of,

CAP. LX.

An Act for granting a Drawback of Part of the Customs upon the Exportation of Tea to >

Inland, and the British Dominions in America $ for altering the Drawback upon foreign - l\

Sugars exported from Great Britain to Ireland; for continuing the Bounty on the Exportation of British made Cordage, for allowing the Importation of Rice from the British .*

Plantations into the Ports of Bristol, Liver pooh, Lancaster, and Whitehaven; for immediate Exportation to foreign Parts-, and to impower the Chief Magistrate of any Corporation to administer the Oath, and grant the Certificate required by Law, upon the Removal of certain Goods to London, which have beenTent into the Country for Sale. -

WHEREAS the Drawback allowed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Preamble*

Reign of His present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling Act 7 Geo. III. per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Teas consumed in Great Britain, and for granting a Drawback c*

uton the Exportation of Teas to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon such Indemnification to be made in ref pc ft thereof by the East India Company as is therein mentioned \ for permitting the Exhortation of Teas, in smaller Quantities than One Lot, to Ireland, or the said Dominions in America; and for preventingTeas ? seizedanl condemned, from being consumed in Great Britain^, upon the Exportation of Tea into Ireland^ zad the British Plantations in America, from this Kingdom, wilL 4 cease on the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two: And whereas it may

tend to promote and encourage the Importation- of Tea into belaud, and the British Colonies and: j

4 Plantations in America, from this Kingdom, and prevent the illicit Trade carried on with Foreigners j

for that Commodity, ,if a Drawback of Part of the Customs paid here was allowed upon the Exportation thereof to those Places:; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enactedj’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and consent of the Lords SpU ritual and emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fane, That for and during the Space of Five Years, to be computed from and after the Fifth Day of During FHre July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, there shall be drawn back and allowed for all Teas Ye«r»,frora which shall be fold after the said Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, at j)raWVack of the publick Sale of the United Company of Merchants of Englani trading to the East ladies, or which Tfcr«-fifthP*rt* after that Time shall be imported by Licence, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the Eighteenth of Duties of Cu-Year of the Reign His 'ate Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for repealing the pre~ stoms tobe«l-sent Inland Duty of Four Shillings per Pound Weight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to l°wcdon Tc*

His Majesty certain other Inland Duties, in lieu thereof', and for better fe curing the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of Excijt; and for pursuing Offenders oiet of one County into another); and which shall be exported from this Kingdom as Merch u.dise to Ireland, or any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America,

Three-hith Par*.* of the several Duties of Customs which were paid upon thcjinportation of such Teas;

which

54+ C. 60.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

which Drawback or Allowance, with respect to such Teas as shall be exported to Ireland, shall be made to the Exporter in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawback or Allowance is now payable out of the Duty of Customs upon the Exportation of foreign Goods to Ireland; and with respect to such Teas as shall be exported to the British Colonies and Plantations in America, the said Drawback or Allowance shall be made in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawback or Allowance, payable out of the Duty of Customs upon foreign Goods exported to foreign Parts, was, could, or might be made, before the passing of this Act, (except in such Cases as are otherwise provided for by this Act.)

Drawback not to JR Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Drawback be allowed if not allowed by this Act shall not be paid or allowed for any Teas which shall not be exported directly from loGecTi? % Warehouse or Warehouses wherein the same shall be lodged, pursuant to the Directions of an Act, mads in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, and the before-recited-A-. Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty ICing George the Second.

v/tc! to

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Fifth Day of be exported to suby Gnc thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, no Tea shall be exported, or laden on Board any Ireland, *c. Ship or Vessel in order to be exported, to the Kingdom of Ireland, or to any of the British Colonies or m Ships ofleft plantations in America, in any Ship of less Burthen than Eighty Tons, nor in any Che ft, Cask, Tub, Ton^&c^un^0 orf>ac^a3e whatsoever, other than that in which it was originally imported into Great Britain, nor in any dernpenalyUof Quantity than the whole and entire Quanticy contained in any Chest, Calk, Tub, or Package, in " * which the same was (old at the publick Sale of the said East India Company, or in which the same was-

imported by Licence, as aforesaid, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of such Tea, and the Package containing the same, or the Value thereof.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant, or other Person, shall enter any Tea for Exportation to Ireland, or any of the British Colonies or Plantation* in America, in order to obtain the Drawback allowed by this Act, and such-Tea shall be carried to any other Part or Place beyond the Seas, and landed there; then, and in every such Case, the Drawback paid, or to be paiJ for the same, shall be forfeited, and the Exporter of such Tea, and the Master of the Ship or Vessel on Board which the same w'as loaden and exported, and every Person concerned or affixing in the Exportation, or landing of the said Tea, whether any Drawback huh been or is to be paid for the same or not, shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Tea.

Forfeiture of such Tea, and the Package.

Merchants entering Tea for Ireland, or A-nietica, and landing it in other Ports, to forfeit the Drawback, and Treble the Value of the Cargo,

Manner of Pro-iecutions.

After July 5, 1772, no Part of the old SuSfidy shall be repaid, for Sue-irs the Growth ol foreign Colonies.

B.vnfv aPcwed by 60. 111. c. 45. cor-tnuei

for 3 Yens.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures, as well specinck as pecuniary, by this Act infliTcd, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wefminfhr, by ATion, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney-general, or in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers of the Customs, in such and the like Manner and Form, and by the same Rules and Regulations, as other Penalties and Forfeiture* for Offences against the Laws relating to the Customs may, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, be sued ror, prosecuted, and recovered; and that One Moiety of every such Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall inform and prosecute for the same.

VI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better fe curing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty's $ug<'.r Colonies i i America, and other Acts of Parliament which are now in Force, no Sort of Sugars can be imported into the Kingdom of Tcla/id, but such only as shall be fairly and b: :i 4 fide louden ami shipped in Great Britain, and cariieu directly from thence in Ships navigated accord- ingtoLavv: And whereas Sugars, the Growth ami Manufacture of foreign Plantations, net under the Dominion of His Majesty, exported from this Kin rdom to Ireland, do draw back all the Duties paid down or secured upon the Importation of such Sugars, except One Half of the old Subsidy,

amounting only to One Shilling and Ten-pence, and bixteen-twentieth Parts of a Penny, p 1 Hundred Weight; and it will tend to promote the Exportation of British Sugars from this Kingdom O Ireland, and improve and increase the Trade of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies, if the Whole of the old Subsidy w.is retained upon the Exportation of foreign Sugars to Ireland from this Kingdom be h therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and afeer the Fifth Day of July One t iou-sand seven hundred and seventy-two, no Part of the R.ate or Duty commonly called The O.J Stibtijj shall be repaid or drawn back for any Sugars, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacturec, of any foreign Colony or Plantation, n >t under the Dominion of his Majesty, 11 is Heirs and Successors, or for any Sugars which are to be deemed and, taken to be foreign Sugars, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now. in Force, which shall he exported from this Kingdom to Ireland; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Britishi-made Cordage \ and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon Foreign Rough Ilemp exported), a Bounty was granted upon the Expo tation of 4 5r/V//7i-made Cordage, under certain Limitations and KeftriTions in the said Act mentioned; which. 4 Bounty will ceafs and determine at Me End of this present Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Bounty should be continued under fame further Restrictions \ be it therefore cnaTcd by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bounty allowed by the said recited Act, shall be, and the same is hereby continued trom the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Three Years, under the several Regulations and Restrictions herein after provided and expressed.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 60. 545

VIII. Provided always, *nd it is hereby farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bounty shall be allowed or paid by virtue of this Act for any Cordage, which shall be exported, or entered

for Exportation, to any Part of Acts, Africa, or America, the Isle of Man, or the Islands of Faro or Afric*, AmeHcv Ferre; and that, in (lead of the Oath required by the before-recited Act to be made by the Exporter or thclflcvf or Manufacturer of such Cordage, on the Entry or Debenture, such Exporter or Manufacturer shall*1* swear, that the said Cordage is of British Manufacture, and made from Hemp imported from foreign Parts, or from Hemp of the Growth of Great Britain, and not from Hemp of the Growth or Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America; and that the same is really and truly exported, or intended to be exported to, and landed in some foreign Part of Europe, as expreii’ed in the Entry, byWay of Merchandise, and not for the Use of the Ship in her Voyage nor relanded, or intended to be relanded, in any Part of Great Britain, or landed, or intended to be landed, in Asia, Africa, or America, the Jjl; of Man, or the Islands of Faro or Ferro.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That, in all other respects, the several regulations, Restrictions, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, mentioned and prescribed in and by the said recited Act, aQ6 Geo. III. shall extend and be applied to Cordage exported in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to to extend to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses relative thereto had been repeated and again enacted in Cordage expo* re 1 this prefene Act. in i>u^inceof

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the pading of this Act, Lib’erty the like Liberty which is granted by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma* importing Rioe jesty, (intituled, An Act for trove el ft dually securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty's American from Am^nc^bf Dominions; fir repealing the Inland Duty on Coffee imposed by an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of His Act 5 Geo. III. late Majesty K'ig George the Second, and for granting an Inland Duty on all Coffee imported, (except Coffee c. 45.

of the Growth of the lJiitifti Dominions in America);for altering the Bounties and D aw backs upon Sugars

exported; for repealing Part of an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of His said late Majesty, whereby Bar Iron, made in the said Dominions, was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried Coastwise,

and for regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in the said Dominions), to import Ri.e from any

of the British Plantations in America into the Port of Plymouth, and several other Ports of this Kingdom in the said Act mentioned, for immediate Exportation into foreign Parts, upon Payment of One

Half of the old Subsidy, shall be extended to the Ports of Bristol, Liverpoole, Lancaster, and Whitehaven BViftet^Liver-

unaer the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, in all Respects, as are prescribed and directed by p^ie/uncafor,

the said recited Act, with respect to Rice so imported into the several Ports in the said Act particularly aad Whitehaven!

mentioned.

XI. And whereas by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (in- o»th requiredfcy tituled, An Adfr better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removed from the Out-ports, and 9 Geo. III. 4 other Places? to London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of his Majestys Custo/ns in the Province of Se- c. 41.

negambia in Africa; for allowing to the Receivers-general of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland a proper Compensation for their Trouble and hxpences\for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thor ns, and Shdchjeis, in Forests, Chaers, and private Grounds, and off Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces5 and for authorising the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley called Bigg from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney )* it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That if any foreign cad, or Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horse-hair Hats or Bonnets, foreign Platting, or other foreign Manufacture of Bast, Straw, Chip,’Cane, or Horse-hair, proper for making of Hats or Bonnets, Succus Li- ouorit'uz, commonly called Spanish Juice, of foreign Produce or Manufacture, foreign Snuff, Nanquin .4 Cloth, Muftin, foreign Callico, foreign Dimity, or China Earthen-ware, exceeding the Quantities therein respectively mentioned, shall have been imported or seised within the Port of London, and sent from thence to any Out-port For Sale, such Goods shall not be removed to any Out-port into the Port of London, or the Members thereof, or to any Place whatsoever within the Distance of Twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London, without a Certificate from the Collector, or other pro- per Officer of His Majesty's Customs, at or nearest to the Port or Place from whence such Goods are intended to be removed, certifying that the Owner or Proprietor of such Goods hath made Gath before him that the said Goods, and every Part thereof, had been sent to such Owner or Proprietor from London for Sale, in the lawful Way of Trade, referring to the Time when,

with the Name and Residence of the Person from whom such Goods were sent, and that such Owner or Proprietor -verily believed the Duties payable upon the Importation of such Goods had been duly paid and satished, or that the said Goods had been before compounded for or condemned; and that the said Certificate shall express the Quantity and Quality of the said Goods with the Marks. 4 of the Package thereof, to what Places, and to whom the same are consigned, and by what Carriage the (hme are intended to be removed; and if the said Goods are removed by Land, the said Certificate shall also express and limit the Time for which the same shall continue in Force: And whereas,

such Goods are frequently sent from London for Sale to several Inland Parts of this Kingdom, very ,4 distant and remote from any Out-port or Place where any Collector, or other Officer of the Customs

4 is resideitt, and the Proprietors of such Goods cannot, without great Incortvenience and Expence,

make the Proof, and obtain the Certificate required by the said recited Act upon the Return of such Goods: Now, for Remedy thereof,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, if any of the said Goods, exceeding the Quantities in the be fore-recited Act mentioned, which shall have been imported or seised wirhin the Port of London, and sent from thence into the Country for Sale, shall be afterwards removed by Land from any Place in this Kingdom, which shall exceed the Distance of Five Miles from any.

546 C. 61; Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Port or Placd whert afly Customhdufe is established* or any Collector or other Ofltcer of the Customs, shall reside, in order* and with an Intent, to be brought into the Port of Lotubn, or the Members ? dhtil ' thereof, or to any PUee whatsoever within the Distance of Twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of chief Majirtratt London, the said Oath required by the said recited Act shall and may be adir.tniftered by the Chief of any Corpora- Magistrate of any Corporation at or nearest to the Place from whence such Goods are intended to be tion. removed* who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same, and to grant a Certificate

thereof, in the Form and to the Effect required by the said recited Act* under his Ifand^ and the publick Seal of such Corporation; any Thing in the said recited Act to the Contrary notwithstanding. forfleitiiTeiof the

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by Authority aforesaid, That the several For-lift recited Act feicures, Pains, and Penalties, inflicted and incurred by the said recited Act upon the Removal of any t©extend to thu. such Qoods, without the Certificate therein directed* or falsely making Oath to any of the Facts by the said Act required to be sworn, or for counterfeiting, raising, or falnfying any such Certificate, or for knowingly or willingly making use of any such Certificate so counterfeited, raised, altered, or falsi-fled, shall extend to this Act, and be in full Force against every Person who shall act contrary thereto* in as full and ample Manner as if the same had been agiin particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suitflidl be

commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant General Issue. or Defendants, in such Action or Suit* may plead the General [due, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon* and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited* or discontinue his Action after the De~ fendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or De-Treble Costt* murrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to regulate the making, keeping* and Carriage of Gunpowder* within Great Britain; and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of those Purposes.

preamble, \ T WHEREAS the Manufacture of Gunpowder within Great Britain* though necessary to be 4 W encouraged in respect of the Value of Gunpowder, as an Article of Defence and Commerce*

yet ought to be regulated by Law, in order to prevent the great Mischiefs which may arise from Explosions occasioned by the improper Construction and Use of the Mills* Engines* and Buildings*

employed in the mating of Gunpowder, and for keeping and carrying Gunpowder in too great Quantities, or in an improper Manner: And whereas the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament*

intituled, An Act for reducing into one Act of Parliament the several Laws relating to the keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder, and for more effectually preventing Mischiefs, by keeping or carrying Gunpowder in ton great Quantities, contains no Provision for regulating the making of Gunpowder, and is in other Re- spedts defective* on which account it may be convenient to repeal the said Act* and* in the Room thereof to have a new Law for regulating, as well the making as the keeping and Carriage of^Gun- powder;’ be it therefore enacted bvtbe King’s most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord’s Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. Ho Persons to and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons shall use, or cause to be used, any Mill manufacture or Mills, or other Engine or Engines, for the making of Gunpowder, or in any Manner manufacture

mlSau*’ Gunpowder in any Place or Places within Great Britain* except in Mills and other Places where the wfiereitis carry- Manufacture of Gunpowder shall be actually carrying on at the Time of the Commencement of this ing o« a: the Act, or where it shall afterwards become lawful to carry on such Manufacture* by obtaining^a Licence - puffing hereof, for that Purpose, under the Provisions herein after contained, upon Pain of forfeiting all Gunpowder without« U- manufactured contrary to the aforesaid Provision* and also Two Shillings for every Pound of such P?rMferUUt Gunpowder.

No Person htr*’

IL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, fter to use a for the making of Gunpowder, employ, work or use, any Mill or Engine, worked with a Peftlc or PefUe Mill. Pestles, and commonly called a Pejlle Mill, upon Pain of forfeiting all Gunpowder manufactured therein* and also Two Shillings for every Pound of such Gunpowder.

Hot exceeding

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsover shall* 40lb.to be mi<fe in or with any Mill or Engine used for the making of Gunpowder, make or cause to be made* at any. at any Time ua- One Time under any single Pair of Mill Stones, any Quantity of Gunpowder, or Materials to be of^in htoma^e ,nto Gunpowder, exceeding Forty Pounds* upon Pain of forfeiting all Gunpowder so made at * One Time, and exceeding the said Quantity of Forty Pounds* and also Two Shillings for every Pound

of such Gunpowder.

No Person liable [v. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons ke liable to any Prosecution under this Act, for using any Pestle Mill or Mills in the making Mi.ls, &c. till Gunpowder, or for making ai>ove the Quantity of Forty rounds of Gunpowder ata Time, under One «r«r after rvery single Pair of Mill Stones in any OneMill, till after the Expiration of One Year from the Time the :om:n f. e- f ue Commencement of this Act.

meat ot tu*AcU y^ pf0-

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 61. 547

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act Nothin hetf/in contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Powder Mills at this Time erected in the J*"* Parishes -of Battle, Crowburjif, Seddelfcomby and Brede, in the County of SaJ/ix% so far as relates to the Croi^soi* making such fine Fowling Gunpowder only, as is known and distinguished by the Name of Battle

'Pxvier. ' Brede.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever Notrxceetof shall dry or cause to be dried, at any One Time, in any One Stove or Place, used for the drying of 40 to t* Gunpowder, any Quantity of Gunpowder exceeding Forty hundred Weight, upon Pain of forfeiting dr?ed at

all Gunpowder above the said Quantity of Forty hundred Weight, and the Sum of Two Shillings for TimCf every Pound of such Gunpowder.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Per- Hogreater son or Persons whatsoever to keep in any Curning-house, Drying-house, Dufting-house, or other Place, Quantity tb«a used for or in the making of Gunpowder, or in any Building adjoining or belonging thereto, (except nccdTtry for im-Magazines or Store-houses constructed with Stone or Brick, and situate Fifty Yards at lead from the |"e?,rc Use Gunpowder Mill or Mills), any greater Quantity of Gunpowder than shall be necessary for the imme- (WjM-kouf"!

diate Work then carrying on in such Corning house, Drying-house, Dufting-house, or other Place used for or in the making of Gunpowder, upon Pain of so; feicing all the Gunpowder kept above such necessary Quantity, and the Sum of Two Shillings for every Pound of Inch Gunpowder.

VIJ1. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, stt(Rcient keeping or using any Mill or Mills, or other Engine or Engines, for the making of Gunpowder, shall. remote hefides the Magazine or Magazines, and Storehouses, near their Mills, have or provide a good and f»om the Mill#, sufficienc Magazine or Magazines, remote from their respective Mills, for the Purpose of receiving and to be provided j safe-ke.ping all the Gunpowder made at such Mill or Mills, as soon as the same can, from Time to Time, be conveniently removed thereto, (which last mentioned Magazine or Magazines shall be well, and substantially built with Brick or btone, near the River Thames, and b.low Blackwall, or in on Peni,>rcf some other convenient Place to be licensed by the Justices of the Peace, in Manner herein after mentioned), upon Pain that all and every Person or Persons making Gunpowder, without having such Ma-

tazine or Magazinei remote from their Mills, or other Places of making Gunpowder, shall forfeit the gazine shallbt um of Twenty-five Pounds for every Month during which such Person or Persons shall make Gun- wanting, powder without having such Magazine or Magazines, and the Sum of Five Pounds for every Day during which he, she, or they (not being hindred by Stress of Weather, or other just Impediment) shall wilfully neglect or delay removing, with due Diligence, the Gunpowder made at such Mill or Mills, from thence, or from the Magazine or Magazines, and Storehouses adjoining thereto, to the Magazine or Magazines so to be situate remote from the Mill.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Ma- f kers of Gunpowder shall be liable to any Prosecution under this Act, for not having a Magazine or uftV^aiTy41 Magazines remote from their respective Gunpowder Mill or Mills, till after the Expiration of One to take Place/ Year, from the Time of the Commencement of this Act# till One Year from the Commencement thereof.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of No Charcoal to Gunpowder, who shall keep, or permit to be kept, iny Charcoal within Twenty Yards of any Mill or Mills, or other Engine or Engines, for making Gunpowder, or of any Drying, Corning or Dufting- 0 *n*

house, or Magazine or Storehouse thereto belonging, shall forfeit the Su n of Five Pounds for every Week during which such Charcoal shall be so kept.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall have or Dealers not to

keep, at any One Time, being a Dealer or Dealers in Gunpowder, more than Two hundred Pounds keep more than of Gunpowder j and not being such, more than Fifty Pounds of Gunpowder, in any House, Mill, 400lb- of Gun-Magazine, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Yard, Wharf, or other Building or Place, occupied tl oai

by the same Person or Persons, (all Buildings and Places adjoining to each other, and occupied toge-

ther, being to be deemed One House or Place within this Act), or on any River or other Water, (except in Carriages loading or unloading or paiTing on the Land, or in Ships, Boats, or Vessels, loading

or unloading, or pacing on any River, or other Warer, or detained there by the Tide or bad Weather), within the following Limits; (that is to lay). Within the Cities of Lend or Westminster, or within Three Miles of either of then, or within any City, Borough, or Market Town of Great Britain, or Mifttin*«fr4 One Mile of the same, or within Two Miles of any Palace or House of Residence of his present Ma- *fore the Cora*. jesty, His Heirs or Successors, or of Her present Majesty the Queen, or any Queen Couforr, or Dowa* ^rcjfT*ctp;U. etT, or within Two Miles of any Gunpowder Magazine, belonging to His Majesty, His HHrs or r

Successors, or within Half of a Mile of any Parish Church, or in any other Part of Great Britain,

(except in Mills or other Places which at the Commencement of this Act shall be used for the making of Gunpowder, and the Magazines, Storehouses, and Offices thereto adjoining and belonging, and in the Places where It shall be lawful to make Gunpowder, or to keep greater or unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder, by Force of the Provisions herein after contained), on Pain of forfeiting all the Gunpowder beyond the Quantity hereby allowed to be kept, and the Bartels in which such Gunpowder shall be; and also Two Smllings for every Pound of Gunpowder beyond such allowed Qu intity.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may 300 lb. of Paw. be lawful for any Person or Persons to keep, for the Use of any Mine or Colliery, any Quantity of d(rn,i bekept Gunpowder, not exceeding Three hundred Pounds Weight, in any Magazine or Warehous?,* 10 as !^r ,htu" °* such Magazine or Warehouse be within Two hundred Yards of the respective Mine or Colliery for the Mloe"*

4 A Lie

5+8 C. 6«. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 177

Use of which such Gustpowder shall be kept, and also that such Magazine or Warehouse be not within any of the Limits herein-before particularly described.

Mhaaeraffiviftg 4

XIII. And whereas it may beneceilary to have some Places appointed, in which it may be lawful Notke for eon- ‘ to erect new Mills, or other Engines, for making Gunpowder, with proper Magazines and Offices adjoining thereto, and to have Magazines for keeping unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder in Placer where 'there are no Mills,’ be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for each County, or other Division, within Great Britain, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, upon Application made to them by any Person or Persons, (such Person or Persons having given Notice in Writing of the Intention to make such Application, as also of the Place or Places proposed for such Purposes respectively, Fourteen Days before making it, to an Overseer or Churchwarden of the Parish or Place in which it is proposed to erect or make any such new Mill, and Offices or Magazine, or of an adjoining Parish, if the Place shall be extraparochial; which Overseer or Churchwarden is hereby required to cause such Notice to be publickly read on the Sunday next ensuing, in the Parish Church after Divine Service), from Time to Time, to licence the erecting or having such Mills for making Gunpowder, and proper Offices adjoining thereto, or such Magazines for keeping unlimited Quantifies of Gunpowder in such Places not being within London or Westminster, or any other Limits within Great Britain, herein-before particularly described.

Froccedmgi m»y 4

XIV. And whereas it would be proper that the Determination of the said Court of Quarter-sessions, b« removed faun on any such Application, should not be final, but that any Person or Persons who shall be refused such Licence or Appointment by the Lid Court of Quarter Sessions, shoukl have an Opportunity of to Jwog sucacfr. bringing his or their Case before the Court of Kings Bench9 in order that the said Court may finally hear and determine the same be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Cale where the said Court of Quarter-sessions shall, on such Application made as aforesaid, refuse to licence any such new Mills and Magazines for making and keeping Gunpowder, or to appoint Pieces of Ground for Magazines of Gunpowder, remote from any Mills, it shall be lawful for all Persons who may think themselves aggrieved by such Refusal, to apply to such Court of Quarter-sessions, for a Special Case thereupon 5 and the Justices then present (nail, and are hereby required, to certify the Special Circumstances of the Case in question* together with the Proofs offered for and against the Application, in older that the said Case and Proceedings may be removed, by Writ of Certiorari, into the Court of Kings Bench 5 and the said Justices shall, and they are hereby required, in their Return to such Writ of Certiorari, to state such Special Case*, to the End that the said Court of King's Bench may judge of the real Merits thereof j and if upon the whole Matter it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Kings Bench, that the Justices ought not to have refused the said Licence or Appointment, then, and in such Case, the said Court shall have Power, and is hereby directed to make an Order upon the said Justices to grant such Licence, or make such Appointment, without any fresh Application, at their next General Quarter-sessions of the Peace; and the Costs to be incurred by reason of such Writ of Certiorari, shall be awarded according to the Discretion of the said Court of King's Bench*

U P fm liable-

XV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to pay any p.r'n*m Pcn‘,!ty or Prosecution under this Act, for keeping unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder, without such Ai- nths a ter an Licence of the Justice s, in any Magazine apart and remote from any Gunpowder Mill, and already A juitc*mn>y nmlt and used for that Purpose, in any Place not being within London and Westminster, and the other vkejuftuci* lhd s within Great Britain herein-behne particularly described, until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months, after an Adjudication by the Justices of the Peace for the County or other Divisioru in which any such Ma azine fhaf be, it their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, that the same is dangerous; it being hereby declared that they UialJ not have Authority to make any such Adjudication, ex-C;p: on Complaint made to them of any such Magazine, by some Householder of the Parish or Place in uhich the Magazine shall be, and after due Summons of the Owner or Owners of the Magazine complaiiu-J of, to; afwer such Complaint; and after such Examination on Oath of the Witnesses produced, to fuport or invalidate such Complaint \ and also that no Person shall be liable, at any Time, to any Penalty or P'rofecuiion whatsoever, for keeping unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder, without such Licence of the Justices of the Peace, in any Magazine eretfed by Appointment of the Justices of the Peace, under the Power given- to them by any of the former Acts regulating the keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder.

justtcettoap*

XVI. And whereas by this Act the Makers of Gunpowder will be liable to Penalties for not having jj>intpr°pcf c- Magazines remote from their Mills, and in some Cases they may not be able to agree for the Purchase prect»Bg JL. c Of Piece a of Ground proper for such Magazines -/ be if therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, lines. That the Justices of the Peace for each County or other Division, within Great Britain, shall, on Application made to them, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, by any Maker or MakeTs of Gunpowder, from Time to Time, appoint proper and convenient Pieces of Ground, (not being within* London or Westminster, or any other Limits of Great Britain, herein-before particularly described, and-not exceeding Gne Acre in any One Pi act J, with the Use of conveniens Roads thereto, on which Pieces so to be appointed, such Makers of Gunpowder may cre& Magazines for keeping Gunpowder^ in any Quantity, after having agreed with the Owners of such Grounds for the Purchase of the same*, and if any such Owner shall not agree, or by reafom of any Impediment can net so agree, such Justices* foal! iflfue a Warrant to the Sheriff of the County, or other Officer having Return of Writs within* iheir Jurisdiction, to impanel and return before them, at such Times and Places as shall be appointed by such Warrant* a sufficient Jury, who, upon their Oaths, to be administered by the said Justicet, totdY inquire into the true Valuo of the said Pieces of Ground* with the Use of such>convenient Roads

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 6r. 5*9

thereto, and their Verdicts shall be kept with the Records of the said Sessions respectively; and the Judgment of Judgment of the said Justices thereon shall be final and conclusive to all Parties: And for thit End Justlcc4W the said Justices shall have Power to fend for any Persons i mere (led, and to examine any Rn ties or finaA* Witnesses upon Oath; and the Sums of Money so. to be affefieJ and adjudged not exceeding Thirty Years Purchase, shall be paid to the O vners of the said Ground, according to their respective Interests therein, in such Proportions as shall be adjudged by tie said Justices; and upon such Payment, 01 in case of Kcfufal to accept the Money, then upon leaving thL fame with the Justicv s for the Benefit of the Owners, the Inheritance of the said Ground, and me Ule of the said Roads thereto, shall be vested in the Purchasers thereof, their Heirs and Assigns, for the Purpose :T>reUiJ, and n'>t otherwise

XVII. And whereas Leases or Agreements for Leases may hive been made* ot vlagaziius or o.hcr ljr(Tee^r Tenant c Places for keeping Gunpowder, and, in Consequence of this A 1, it miy become unlawful 10 kce.j> J or unlimited Quantities or Gunpowder in some such Magazines or-Places;’ be it therefore enacted, 4^reen n-\. That in every such Case it shall ami may be lawful for th? LeTc o; Tenant of any such Magizine v>r on nvin^ j l.rr* Place for keeping Gunpowder, to make void any such Lea fe or Agreement, up;.n giving Three Ca* Mo.nhiN.ncc lendar Months Notice in Writing to the Leffbr or Owner of such Magazine or Place, of the Desire oftliC Lci*wr-the Tenant to have such Lease or Agreement determined, and upon paying t6 such Lel For or O wher ail Rents and Sums of Money which shall become due for the same, to the Time of Determination limited in such Notice, and upon performing ail Covenants and Agreements on the Part of the Lellce or Tenant to that Time.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall have or convey at any One

Time within Great Britain more than Twenty-five Parrels of Gunpowder, in any Waggon, Cart,^"^ at One* or other Carriage by Land, or more than Two Hundred Barrels of Gunpowder, in any Barge, Boat, Tim d.*. 25 or other Vessel by Wat.r, (except in Vessels with Gunpowder imported from, or to be exported to, Barrel>, by any Place beyond the Sea, or going Coastwite), and all Gunpowder conveyed on Land or Water, (ex.-and tc*'cd,n& cepting such Vends for Importation or Exportation of Gunpowder, or going Coastwise), shall be in Bar- I^er1, It" rels close jomt d and hooped, without any Iron about them, and so lecuied that no Part of the Gunpowder befcattued in the Passage; and each Barrel shall contain no more than One hundred Pounds of Gunpowder; and when conveyed by Land shall be entirely inclosed in a Leather Bag, or a Bag commonly called*

A Salt Petre Bag\ and every Carriage in which Gunpowder shall be conveyed by Land, shall have a complete Covering of Wood, painted Cloth, Tarpaulin, or Wadmill Tilts, over all the Gunpowder therein contained: and also no Gunpowder shall be conveyed in any Barge, Boat, or other Vessel by Water, (except in Vessel* by Gunpowder imported, or to be exported in Manner aforesaid, or going Co alt wife)* that bath not a close Deck; and as soon as any Gunpowder is put on Board such Vessel, all such Gunpowder shall be covered with raw Hides or Tarpaulins 5 and all Gunpowder, which shall be carried or conveyed, (except in such Vessels with Gunpowder for Importation or Exportation as aforesaid, or going Coastwise), within any Part of Great Britain* in greater Quantity, or in other Manner than is-herein-belore prescribed; and the Barrels in whion such Gunpowder shall be, may be seized by any Person or Persons who (hJl have the same Authority to remove such Gunpowder and Barrels, and to use for that TuipoCe, during the Space of Twenty-four Hours after Seizure, the Carriage or Vessel in which such Gunpowder shall be seized, and the Tackling, Beads, and Accoutrements belonging thereto, on the Terms of paying a Recompence for the Use thereof; and to detain such Gunpowder and Barrels as Is herein after given to Persons searching under a Warrant of a Justice of the Peace j and such Seizure (half be for his, her, or their own Use, on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Barge, Boat, or Vessel, NoCunptw^ having (lale, condemned, or returned Gunpowder on Board, arrives at the Wharf, Key, or other ^aiVonde* Place where the same is intended to be landed, no Person or Persons shall begin to unload, or shall bring L

down lo such Wharf, Key, or other Place, with Intent to load in such Vessel any other Gunpowder, until the Whole, or 2 Part of luen Hale, condemned, or returned Gunpowder, be first unloaded and carried away from such Wharf, Key, or other Place of landing; and alter such unloading and carrying Sway of Part of such Gunpowder, no Person or Persons shall begin to load, or shall so bring down, with Intent to load, any greater Quantity of other Gunpowder than the Part unloaded and carried away, oa Pain of forfeiting all such Gunpowder as shall be so brought down or loaded contrary to the aforesaid Provision.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, having the Peifen*

Care or M nagement of any Barge, Boat, or other Vessel whatsoever, (except Ships or Vessels with Gunpowder on Board imported from, or to be exported to Places beyond Sea, or going Coastwise), wiUupUvder*f* loaded with Gunpowder, or any other Person on Boaid the same, shall bring, have, or use, or permit fovfcit $h any Person or Persons to bring, have, or use any Charcoal or ocher combustible Matter, or any Ffre or

lighted Candle, or shall finoak, or wittingly peimit any Person to fnioak, oa Board the same, all and every such Person and Persons shall forfeit the Sum offrive Pounds.

XXI. And be it funher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person. or Persons having the icrl. Pt»*lry fNr

Care of any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, used for the Conveyance of Gunpowder by Land, shall, J*ner

alter beginning to place or load therein any Quantity of Gunpowder, or beginning to unload the same|"^jin§, w9u*m thereout, stop or (lay at any Place of loading, or in the Loading or Unloading, suffer any longer ime lo-dm* powder to pass than with the Use of all due Diligence flvill be reasonably neetfiary for the Purpose or loadinr by Land or w*. nr unloading i and no Person or Persons having the Charge or Care of any Barge, Boat, or other Vessel Catnap*

used for the Conveyance of Gunpowder by Water, (except in the Case of Vessels loading for Imports

hen of Exportation of Gunpowder to or from Places beyond Sea* or going Coastwise)} shall, after beginning

550 C. 6f. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

ginning to load or unload any Quantity of Gunpowder, flop or flay at any Wharf* Key, or other Place of loading, or in the Loading or Unloading thereof suffer any longer Time to pass than with the Usee all due Diligence shall be reasonably necessary for the Purpose of loading or unloading, not exceeding Eighteen Hours, unless hindered by the Weather; and every such Barge, Boat, or Vessel, (except such Vessels as aforesaid}, having so completed her Loading, shall depart from the Place of loading on herCourse the first ensuing Tide, unless hindered by Stress of Weather, or other just Impediment; and no Person shall load, take in, carry, or convey, in any Waggon, Cart, or other Land Carriage laden with Gunpowder, or in any Barge, Boat, or Vessel laden with Gunpowder, on any River, (except in the Case of Vessels laden with Gunpowder for Importation from, or Exportation to Places beyond Sea, or going Coastwise), any other Lading of any Kind whatsoever; and all and every Person and Persons offending against any of the aforesaid Provisions for Loading and Unloading, shall, for each Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

Ko Pro^fioa ’XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the mentioned to ex- aforesaid Provisions for, or relative to, the Conveyance of Gunpowder, or the Loading or Unloading CmiaTesthei t^creo^ shall extend to any other Waggon, Cart, 'or Land-carriage, or any other Harge, Boat, or Ve£ those laden with fcl, than such as shall be loaded with, or employed in, conveying a Quantity of Gunpowder exceed-^Gunpowder. ing One hundred Pounds Weight.

Justice* to issue ‘

XXIII. And, for the more easy Discovery of the making, keeping, and Carriage of Gunpowder a Warrant to contrary to the Provisions herein before made,' be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

tosearchfor any Justice of the Peace of any County, or other Division within Great Britain, in which Gunpowder

<ontrar "toth* suspected to be made, kept, or carried, contrary to this Act, on Demand made, and a reasonable rary. 0 u assigned upon Oath by any Person or Persons, to issue a Warrant or Warrants, under his Hsnd

9 and Seal, for Searching, in the Day-time, any House, Mill, Magazine, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop,

Cellar, Yard, Wharf, or other Place, or any Carriage, Ship, Boat, or Vessel, in which Gunpowder is fuf- pefted to be made, kept, or carried, contrary to this Act; and that all Gunpowder found upon such Setrdsen to seif< Search to be made, kept, or carried, contrary to this Act, and also the Gunpowder Barrels, shall be U which they immediately seized by the Searcher or Searchers, who shall, with all convenient Speed after the Seizure, find, and remove remove such Gunpowder, and the Barrels in which it shall be, to such proper Places as they, in Conformity to the Restrictions of this Act, shall think fit: And in the Case of any such Gunpowder seized in any Carriage or Vessel, may use for the Purpose of Removal, during the Space of Twenty-four Hours after Seizure, such Carriage or Vessel, with the t ackling, Beasts, and Accoutrements belonging thereto, (paying afterwards to the Owner or Owners thereof a sufficient Rvcompence for the Use thereof, to be settled by the Justices before whom the Complaint shall be heard, after the Seizure; and in case of Nonpayment, immediately after Settlement by such Justices, to be recoverable by Distress and Sale of the Parties Goods and (Jhattels, as is herein after directed concerning the pecuniary Penalties of this Act); and may detain such Gunpowder, and the Barrels in which it shall be, till it shall be adjudged, on a Hearing before any Two or more such Justices, whether the same shall be forfeited j and 'Seiser* not liable such Searcher or Searchers, Scizer or Seizers, shall not be liable to any Suit for such Detainer, or for ^Damageocca-any L0fs of or J)ama^c which may happen to the said Gunpowder or Barrels, other than by wilful Acts l*Ir°ne y or Neglects of them, or the Persons with whom they shall intrust the Keeping thereof.

J* c 4

XXIV. And, for Security of the great Number of Ships and Vessels lying in the River Thamn% Security*of the an<* of Yards, Wharfs, and Buildings, on the Sides of the Thames above Blackmail' be it

Veird* in the further enacted, That no Mailer or Commander of any Ship or other Vessel lying in the Thames, and

Ifcjver Thame*, outward bound, shall receive, or permit to be received, on Board any such Ship or Vessel more than

Twenty-five Pounds of Gunpowder, (except for the King’s Service) before the Arrival of such Ship or

Vessel at, over-against, or below Blackball\ and that the Matter or Commander of every Ship or Vessel coming into the River Thames, shall (except in the Case of Gunpowder for the King’s Service) put on Shore in proper Places, in Conformity to the Restrictions of this Act, all the Gunpowder on Board such Ship or Vessel above the Quantity of Twenty-five Pounds, either before the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at Blackmail, or within Twenty-four Hours, (if the Weather shall permit), after coming to an Anchor there, or to the Place of unloading the re, and shall not afterwards have on Board more than Twenty-five Pounds of Gunpowder, (except for the King's Service), on Pain of forfeiting, for every Offence, in any of the said cases, all the Gunpowder found on Board above the Weight of TWrnty-

five Pounds, and the Barrels in which such Gunpowder shall be, and also Two Shillings for every Pound

of Gunpowder above the Quantity of Twenty-five Pounds.

Master, Wardai,

XXV. And, for the better Discovery of Matters or Commanders of inward or outward-bound ike. ot th* Tri- Ships, who shall have Gunpowder in their Ships or Vessels in the Thames contrary to this Act,’ be ;Oity Hcuie toit farther enacted, That the Matter,' Warden, and Assistants of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Vincis. £)f,£tj'orc[ Sir0nd, in the County of Kent, for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, appoint One or more Person or Persons, a Searcher or Searchers for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder in Ships or other Vessels in the Thames, which Person or Persons, so appointed, are hereby authorised, at any Time between Sunrifing and Sunietting, to enter any Ship or Vessel (except His Majesty's Ships) in the River Thames above Blackmail, and to search the same for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder, and also shall have the same Powers of seizing, removing to proper Places, and detaining all such unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder found on Board any such Ship or Vessel, and the Barrels in which such Gunpowder shall be, as are herein-before given to Persons searching for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder under a Warrant of a Justice of the Peace,

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 62. sst

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties created by this Act, shall be recoverable be- *£*'* fore Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or other D vision in which the Offence shall be roWtnro committed, on Proof of the Offence, by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Wit- applied?1* nesses, or on Confession of the Offender; and One Moiety of each Penalty shall belong to His Ma-

Jesty, His Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the same; and where the Pcmity shall be pecuniary, in case of Nonpayment, it shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and the Overplus of the Monejf raised, after deducting the Penalty, and the Expences of the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner; and for Want of sufficient Distress, the Offender shall befent, by such Justices, to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Six Months, nor less than Three Months, as such Justices shall think most proper. N

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Prosecution for any Offence ai;ai:ift this Act, unless such Prosecution shall be commenced within Fourteen Days after Seizure

of the Gunpowder, or Corn million of the Offence, where there shall not be any, Seizure; and that gf;cr Seiiur^ if any Suit or Afiion shall be prosecuted in England, against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, or General IflW the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, after issue joined*, or if on Demurrtr, or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Tteble Costs, ami have the like Remedy for the same, as any De- Treble Costt. fendants have by Law in other cases.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions, to be commenced ^itition * in England, r.gainst any Person or Person*, for any Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, shall A l0n8# be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Fad was committed, and shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fad committed, and not otherwise.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enadeJ, That this Act shall not extend, or be any Not to extend t® Ways construed to extend, to any Mills or other Buildings erected, or which may hereafter be erected, Mill* tobeeieaw for the Purpose of making Gunpowder, in any Lands belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Sue- uftUnds?*c. ccffors, or to the keeping of Gunpowder at any Storehouse or Magazine belonging to His Majesty, His Jooryto tlurst'now Heirs or Successors, or to hinder the Trial of Gunpowder by His Majesty's Officers, as is usual, for the*ea«U Service of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or to the keeping of Gunpowder at the Magazines now

erected for that Purpose of Barking Creeksmouth^ in the County of Essex, and Erith Levels in the County of Kent, or to the keeping of Gunpowder at the Magazines or Storehouses now erected near Liverpool* in the County of Lancaster, or the City of Bristol, or to the Carriage of Gunpowder, to or from the King’s Magazine>, under a special and express Order of the King’s Board of Ordnance; such Order to contain the Quantity of Gunpowder so to tv carried, and the Time for which such Order shall he in Force; or to the Carnage of Gunpowder with Forces on their March, or with the Militia, during their annual Exercise; or which shall he sent for the Use of such Forces or Militia.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this present Act shall not extend to hinder any Not to extend to Person or Persons from carrying or conveying any unlimited Quantity of Gunpowder, in such close- hinder unlimited decked Vessels, in Manner hs herein-before is directed, from any Ships or Vessels lying below Black- ^aanirtif!p*0 wall, to any of the Magazines for Gunpowder, so situate below Bbckwall, Or from such Magazines

any Ships or VeikIs lying below Blackwall, and going to any Place beyond Sea, or Coastwise. BiickwaiL

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence, and be- the Act tocom-gin to be in Force, on the First Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and from menceon July and immediately after the Commencement thereof, an Act made in the last Session of this present Par- »> 177* liament, (intituled, An Act for reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws relating to the keeping Aa lf Ceo m and Carriage of Gunpowder, and for more effectually preventing Mischiefs, by keeping or carrying Gunpowder c< hclC' in too great Quantities), and all former Statutes, 10 far as they relate to the Keeping, and Carriage of bj regaled. Gunpowder, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, to raise a competent Sum of Money, to be applied for the repairing, improving, or Rebuilding, such Part of Tyne Bridge as belongs to the See of Durham.

WHEREAS the Right Reverend Father in God John Lord Bishop of Durham is intitled, in p Right of his See, to One-third Part of an ancient Bridge extending across the River Tyne, between the Town of Gateshead, in the County Palatine of Durham, and the Town and* County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne: And whereas, by the Violence and Rapidity of a most extraordinary

Flood, which happened on the Seventeenth Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and fe- verity-one, in the River of Tyne, the said Bridge was very much damaged, broken down in several Places, and rendered utterly impassable; And whereas, in order to restore an easy and safe Commu- nication between the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, it is highly expedient that the said } Bridge should be rebuilt, or effectually repaired, with all po&ble Expedition; And inasmuch as the

552 C. 62. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

necessary Repairs of the One-third Part of the said Bridge, belonging to fbe said Lord Bishop of J)«r- ham in Right of his See, and extending from Two Blue Marble or Bouodary Stones, on the South Side of the said Bridge, to the bid Town of GaUjheady will be attended with Ji great Expence; and however reasonable or proper it may be, that the entire Sum necessary to be appropriated for, and employed in, that useful and necessary Work, ought to be raised out of, or secured upon, the Revenues and Possessions of the said See of Durham, and that the Lord Bishop of Durham for the Time being,

ought not to bear any greater Burthen than shall arise from the Interestor annual Charge to be paidm respect of the Principal Money to be raised for the Purpose aforesaid; yet the said John Lord Bishop of Durham is consenting that a reasonable and adequate Sum of Money may be raised by the Authority of Parliament, by granting Annuities for Lives, which will not only be speedy and effectua), but may be a Method Jess burthensome to the Successors in the said See than to the said John now Lord Bishop of Durham, by the eventual Dropping of Lives, and the Decrease of such temporary Charge: Where-r ' 4 fore, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be it enacted,* and be enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and cd fo/putt^11" Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thet the ChanceU this Act in Exc- for the Bishoprick and County Palatine of Durham and Sadbtrge, the Sheriff of the County Palatine flution. of Durham and Sadberge, the Vicar-general and principal Official of the Diocese of Durham, the Attorney and Solicitor-general to the Loid Bishop of Durham, the principal Register or Registrar of the Diocese of Durham, the Auditor to the Lord Bishop of Durham, the Keeper of Auckland Cafiley the Steward of the Halmote Courts of the Lord Bishop of Durham, the Clerk of the Halraote Courts of the Lord Bishop of Durham, the Clerk of the Great Receipt of the Exchequer of Durham, the Register of the Court of Chancery of Durham, the Clerk of the Chancery of Durham, and the Keeper of the Rolls of the Chancery aforesaid, the Clerk of the Itinerant Justices, and other Justices whomsoever in the County Palatine of Durham and Sadbergcy and the Bailiff of the Borough of Auckland for the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, by and under the Direction of the said John Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors.

VoTroftee to

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the «ctoptoft Plac« Execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Office or Appointment, to which any Salary Profit. or pCCuniary Profit shall be annexed, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; nor shall any such Trustee, on his own private Account, enter into any Contraft, or have any Share or Interest in any Coatraft, autho- relating to the Execution of any of the Powers contained in this Act. riled to contraa 4 111. And whereas it may be necessary to open a more convenient Avenue and Passage to that Part for Ground, &c.c of the said Bridge which belongs to the said See of Durham^ and to remove the Erections and Buildings ‘ for improving the ‘ Dn the same,’ be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall, Bridge indthe and tkCy are hereby authorised, by and under such Direction of the said Lord Bishop of Durham and Avenue t eto. Successors, as aforesaid, to treat, contract, and agree with any Person or Persons, for theabfolute Patch a fe of any Effate or Interest in any Buildings or Ground, which shall be deemed necessary to be appropriated, for the better and more effectually repairing, rebuilding, or improving, such Part of said Bridge as belongs to the said See of Durham, and for making more convenient the Avenue and Passage leading on the same, or to appropriate any Building or Ground which the said Bishop is intided unto in Right of his See, for the Purposes aforesaid.

IV. And, forasmuch as the railing an adequate Sum of Money upon the Credit of this Act, by granting Annuities for Lives, will be a speedy and effectual Method of carrying the Intentions of the c John Lord Bishop of Durham into complete Execution be it therefore further enacted by the *2*000 lTf#r*the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, ad-Wrpofet of itoi vance, and pay, to such Treasurer or Treasurers as the Lid John Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Suc-Ati, by aranting ceflors, shall, in Manner herein afrtr mentioned, authorise and impower to receive the same, for tie Anntnqfii. Uses herein after expressed, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of Twelve or mor$ Annuities for Lives; to be paid and payable, and the same are hereby directed to continue and be paid, during the full Term of the natural Life of each such Contributor respectively, or the natural Life of such other Person as shall be, nominated by or on the Behalf of each Contributor respectively, at the Time of Payment of their respective Purchase or Contribution-money; which Annuity or Annuities shall not respectively exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds per At.uum for every One hundred Pounds advanced and actually paid, and foia proportion for any greater or less Sum so to be advanced and paid as aforesaid $ and the said several Annuities, so to be purchased* shall be charged upon and be paid and payable hut of the Reitt^, Revenues,.and Profits, of the said See, which from Time to Time, during the Continuance of the said Annuities, or any of them, shall be received by the said John Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Successors, or shall come to the Hands of, or be received by the Receiver-general for the Time being of the fifid John Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Successors, by such Receiver-general, or his Successors, at such Place in the City; of Durham, by equal Half-yearly Payments, as in the Order or Orders herein after mentioned for Payment thereof shall be respectively expressed; and such Receiver-general for the Time being shall be credited, or have an Allowance in his Accounts of or for all such Sums of Money, as be shall actually pay by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Payments had respectively been really and bona file made to the said John Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Successors, and the iajd several Annuities shall commence from the Receipt of any Stun or Sums of Money respectively; and such Annuity or Annuities (KaH not be subject or liable to any Deductionor Abatement for or in respect of any Tax, Charge, or Aflfeffmeitf, imposed or to be impoftd by Authority 2 if

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. Ch. 62. 553

of Parliament* or otherwise howsoever, upon, the Lands, Tenements, or Persons, by thrt Actcharjged therewith, or by whom, or out of which the same are to be answered and paid; nor shall any Gich*

Annuitant or Annuitants, their Executors, Administrators, Or Assigns, or any of them, be answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication of, or liable to make good any Loss that shall or may happen in, or of any such Purchase or Consideration-money that^aJi be so advanced or paid as aforesaid, or any Part thereof; and the Receipt or Receipts of the said several Annuitants, their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be paid to them, or any of them respectively, by the said Receiver-general for the Time being, in pursuance of rhis Ad, lhafll be as good and effectual Discharges to such Receiver-general, as if the same Sum and Sums had been a&uaiJy paid to the said John Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Successors., 1

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That, previous to the Sale of Premwta Sale such Annuities, in order to raise the said Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof. One°.f Annoi-Calcnd»r Month’s Notice at the Icaft shall, Four or more different Days, be given in the London gfven in the Uo-?utte, exprffling the Intention of the Sale of such Annuity or Annuities, (o as to raise the said Sum of don Gazette. Twelve thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, in order that any Person may have an Opportunity to deliver in Proposals for what annual Income or Payment per Centum they are willing to advance their Mon.y j and the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall, (if the said Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Successors, shall think any such Proposals reasonable) give the Preference to tire lowed Proposer, Regard being had to the Circumstances of Age and Health; and the said Annuities shall be sold by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, subject to the Approbation of the said Lord BiHn>p of Durham, to be signified by any Writing under his Hand, to the belt Advantage they can.

VI. And, for the more effectual securing to the said Annuitants the regular and full Payment of Power of fViftrefe their respective Annuities, be it further enacted, That the said several Annuities shall be also charged *nd Entry, upon and issuing out of, and the same are hereby charged upon and directed to be issued out of all or

any such Part of the Temporalities and PolPdlions belonging to the said See of Durham, as shall, from Time to Time, and at any Time hereafter, during the Life or Lives of any such Annuitant or Annuita nts, be held in Demesne, or be in the immediate Possession or Holding of the said John Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Successors: And if it shall happen that the said several Annuities, or any of them, or any Part thereof respectively, shall be behind and unpaid for Twenty-one Days after any of the Feasts or Days which shall be limited and appointed for Payment thereof; then, and so often, and from Time to Time as it shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Annuitants, or Persons indued to such Annuities respectively, and his and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, into ?nd upon the Premises so hereby charged, for more effectually securing Jthe Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, or into and upon any Part thereof, to enter and distrain; and the Distress and Distrtfles then and there found to take, lead, drive, carry away, and impound, or otherwise dispose of, according to Law, until the said Annuity or Annuities, and all Arrears thereof, and all Costs and Charges attending such Entry and Distress, and all Damages to be sustained by Reason of the Nonpayment thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid; and moreover, that if the said Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, shall be behind or unpaid for Forty Days after any of the Fcafts or Days which shall be limited or appointed for Payment thereof; then, and so often, from Time to Time, as it shall so happen, it shall and may be lawfal to and for the said Annuitants, or Persons intitled to such Annuities respectively, and his and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, into the same Premises to enter, and to take and receive the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof to his, her, and their own Use and Benefit, until thereby or therewith, or otherwise, all Arrears of the said Annuity or Annuities then grown due, or that, during such Possession shall grow due, and all Costs and Charges attending such Entry upon, and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the same Premises, and all Damages that he, she, or they shall then have sustained by reason of the Nonpayment of the said Annuity or Annuities, or yearly Sums, shall be fully satisfied and paid.

VII. And, to the Intent that some proper Person or Persons may be appointed to receive the Price A Treasurert#

or Consideration-money to be paid for the said Annuities, and to apply and dispose of the Money so be app®imed by received, for the Purposes of this Act/ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and the Bifoop <rf 'for the said John Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Successors, by any Writing or Writings under his or Durham, their Hand, or respective Hands, to appoint a Treasurer, who shall give such Security for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, as the said Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Successors, shall think reasonable; and also to appoint such One or more fit and skilful Person or Persons (if he or they shall think proper so to do) as may be necessary and proper, cither to inspe£l the Works, or to execute any Rules,

Orders, or Regulations, to be made or dona in pursuance of this Act, with such Allowances to the Treasurer for the Time being, and such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, as by the said John Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Successors, and the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall be ‘judged reasonable, for, and in Consideration of his and their Employment and Service respectively; and likewise, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, from Time to Time, to remove or discontinue such Treasurer, or other Person or Persons, and appoint another or others in the Place of such of them as shall, be so removed, or as shall happen to die 'before the several Intents and Purposes mentioned in, or intended by this Act, shall be completely performed and carried into Execution.

554 C.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Names, Ages, and Piaees of Abode of the Annuitants*

Annuities affgnabk.

Vf°h pww?

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Purchaser of such Annuity’or Annuities as aforesaid, an Otder^is* ^er* or t*lc|r Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase money for the same, or any to be$gned by Part or Proportion thereof, into the Hands of such Treasurer so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall have the Trustees for One or more Receipt or Receipts, importing the Receipt of so much Purchase money as shall be so paid; the Payment of and upon Payment of all the Purchase money for any such Annuity or Annuities, every Contributor, she, Annuity, her, or their Assigns respectively, shall have an Order, fairly written upon Parchment, for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, which Order shall be signed by the said Trustees, or any Three 4>r more of them: and, after signing thereof, the same shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, Books to be kept according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act.

for entering the

IX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided by the Treasurer a Book or Books, wherein shall be fairly written, in Words at Length, the Names, proper Additions, Ages, and Places of Abode, of all Persons who shall be Purchasers of any of the said Annuities, and the Names and Places of Abode of all Persons, by whose Hands the said Purchasers shall pay in any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act; and also the Sum and Sums actually paid for the Purchase of such Annuities, and the respective Days of Payment thereof; a Duplicate of which said Book or Books shall be delivered to the said Receiver-general of the said Lord Bishop of Durham, for the Time being, who shall enter therein the several Payments, from Time to Time, to the said Annuitants, or their Assigns, and the respectfive Days when any of the said Annuitants shall happen to die; to which Book or Books it shall and may be lawful, as well to and for the said John Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, and the said Trustees, as to and for the said respective Annuitants, and their Assigns^ from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, to have Recourse and inspect the same, without Fee or Reward.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, at any Time or Times, by any Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, or by IndorstN ment on the said Order, to assign such Annuity or Annuities to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and so toties quoties, and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Assignments shall be made in a Book, which is hereby required to be kept for that Purpose by the said Receiver for the Time being, at the Charge of the said Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Successors; which Entry or Memorandum shall be made gratis.

Alignments to

XI. Provided always, That no Assignment shall be deemed good or effectual, until the same shall be be entered. left at the Office, in Durham, of the Receiver-general for the Time being of the said Lord Bishop of

Durham, or his successors, in order that such Entry or Memorandum may be made of every Alignment, in such Book as aforesaid.

2V*ee$ to con 4 XU. And, to the end that all and every the Sum and Sums of Money, so to be raised in pursuance trac receive* of, and upon the Credit of this Act, may, with all possible Expedition, be applied in or towards the Fropoiaia for re- ‘ rebuilding, improving, or effectually repairing of such Part of the said Bridge over the River Tyne, as building the < belongs to the See of Durham, and other the Purposes of this Act/ be it further enacted and declared,

Bridge. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to receive

Proposals from, and contract with any Person or Persons, Surveyor, Architect, Builder, or Builders, or with Workmen, for the rebuilding, improving, or otherwise effectually repairing of such Part of the said Bridge over the River Tyne as belongs to the See of Durham \ and to make Contracts for, or purchase or provide any Materials, Matters, or Things, necessary and proper for the rebuilding, improving, or effectually repairing the same: All which Contract or Contracts shall be signed and approved of by the said John Lord Bifhqp of Durham, or his Successors, or by such Surveyor as the said Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Successors, shall appoint; and shall specify the several Works to be done, the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Quantity and Quality of the Materials to be delivered, and the Penalties to be suffered or sustained in case of Nonperformance of such Contraft or Contrafts; and that all and every Contraft and Contrafts, so to be made, shall be signed by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and also determined by the Person or Persons so respectively contrafting; and all such Contrafts so to be made, as aforesaid, shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the Treasurer or his Clerks; but previous to the making any such Contraft, Twenty-one Days Notice, at least, shall be given in the London Gazette, expressing the Intention of making such Contraft, in order that any Person or Persons may, at their Election, have an Opportunity of fending Proposals, under Seal, to any of the said Trustees, or to any other Person to be named in such publick Notice for that Purpose, or of making inch Proposals, at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, to take such Security in the Name of the Treasurer to be from Time to Time appointed in pursuance of this Act, from any Person or Persons, for the Performance of any Contraft or Contrafts for the Purposes aforesaid, as to the said Trustees shall seem necessary. The Worln to

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or b< i«fpcO«d by a. any Three or more of them, and they are hereby directed to cause all and every the Works to be done Surveyor* in pursuance of this Act to be inspected by such Surveyor, or by such other skilful Person or Persons as the said Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Successors, shall, by any Writing, direct or appoint: And in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently performed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Coruraft or Contrafts, or shall not be hniftied or completed at or within the Time or Times that the same is or are agreed to be completed; such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, shall report the same to the said Jthn Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Successors* and to the said Trustees, or any

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

c. 63, 64. SSJ

Three or more of them, who shall and may, in their own Name or Names, or in the Names of any Two or more of them, or in the Name of the Treasurer for the Time being, to be appointed by the«nd if the Con-said Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Successors, bring an Action of Debt, or upon the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Pleas at Durham, any rcr-foh Or Persons so contrafling and neglecting to perform the same, in the Manner, or in the Time, set forth in any such Contrast, for the Penalty or Penalties which shall be contained in any such Contrast or Security, or for any Breach of the Covenants or Agreements therein respectively to be contained; and the said Trustees or Treasurer shall be intitled to, and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties, or Da- -mages sustained or occasioned by such Breach of Covenants or Agreements; and the same, when recovered, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said TruAmcow* Trustees, or any Three or more of them, with the Approbation, in Writing, of the said Lord Bishop compound

of Durham, or his Successors., from Time to Time, according to the best of their Judgment, and with-out Partiality, to compound for and agree with any such Person or Persons so contracting, and who IU®*

shall so neglect to perform the Contrast in Manner, or within the Time, therein expressld, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contrast or Contrasts, Security or Securities, or Damages, for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said John Lord Bishop of Durham, his Successors, and the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think reasonable.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer for the Time being, so to be appointed as afore- Treasurer, out said, shall, from Time to Time, by and out of the Money which shall come to his or their Hands, or of

be received by him or them in pursuance of this Act, pav, by Inllalmenrs, or otherwise, as in any L TwoH* such Contrast or Contrasts shall be expressed, all such bum and Sums of Money as shall therein re maac of*ll speflively be stipulated or agreed to be paid for the due Performance, or in respect o! any of the Works vroiks&c. or Repairs to be made or done in pursuance of this Act, or in any wise relating thereto; and all sinh other Charges and Expences as shall be necessarily incurred by, or anywilr relate to the r xecuti in of the Trusts reposed, 01 to be reposed in the Lid Trustees, by or in pursuance of th s Ad; and in case ^rpiu^ro^e any Surplus shall remain in the Hands of the said Treasurer for the Time being, afer the said One- pi, lir<i rothe third Part of the said Bridge, so belonging to the said See of Durham as aforesaid, shall be rebuilr, ini- p^n. ntot Ab-proved, or effectually repaired, the same shall be charged with, and shall be applied in and towuids the net. Payment of the said Annuities.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to, or attend- E*penc*i oftks ing the obtaining and puffing this Act, shall be paid and discharged out of the First Monies which shall how to to be received by the Treasurer so to be appointed as aforesaid, and by virtue or in pursuance of this pai

Afl.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Afl; PuUick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges and Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIII.

Ati Afl for redeeming One Million five hundred thousand Pounds of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for building Two new Chapels, and providing Burial Places thereto, within the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

WHEREAS the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, is a large and populous PictmU* trading Place, the Inhabitants whereof are of late Years greatly increased in Number: And whereas there are but Two Churches, and One small Chapel, in the said Town, which together are not capable of containing One Sixth Part of the Inhabitants professing the Doflrine of the Church of England, to the great Reproach of civil Society, and Contempt of Holy Religion: And whereas the Inhabitants of the said Town are desirous that Two new Chapels may be erected, and Chapel-yards or Cemeteries annexed thereto, as also Dwelling-houses erefled for the Residence of the Ministers ofli- dating the rein, and have entered into a voluntary Subscription for those Purposes, but the Sums subscribed will not be sufficient to raise Fabricks large enough: And whereas Dorothy Weamany of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick, Widow, and Mary JVeaman, of the same Place, Spinster, Pro- prictors of certain Closes or Parcels of Land adjoining to the said Town, being desirous of promoting so pious a Design, have voluntarily offered to give Three Acres and Eight square Yards of the said Lands, c as the same is now marked or set out, to build One of such Chapels upon, in order to be consecrated and set apart for the publick Worship of Almighty God, according to the Usage of the Church of England, and for making a Chapel-yard or Cosmetery thereto, and for building a House thereupon,

for the Residence of the officiating Clergyman; and also to lay out proper Roads or Avenues thereto,

4 as herein after mentioned: And whereas George Davis, Jcfiph May, James Baker, William Mason,

4 Robert Moor, John Bedford, William Walsingham, Joseph smith, Joseph Webfitr, William May, Michael

4 0 1 i Lakin%

55^ C. 64. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

'Latin, Stephen Bedford, James' Jackson, Samuel Ray, Joseph Tindall, Thomas Cclmore, and Benjamirt*

May, futviving Feoffees of certain Lands and Premises in and near to Birmingham aforesaid, (given for paving the Streets and other charitable and needful Purposes in the Card Town), being, as Feoffees as aforesaid, possessed of certain Lands adjoining to the Lands of the said Dorothy Wearnan and Mary.

Weaman\ and being deftrous to afftft in promoting so pious a Design, and apprehending that the Building of a Chapel upon the Land of the said Dorothy IVeaman, and Mary IVeaman, will increase the Va- lue of such of their Lands as lie adjacent to the said intended Chapel, are willing to give, and have (fa 4 far as in them lay, and they lawfully could) conveyed to the said Mary IVeaman, a certain Part of their Land adjoining to hers* as the same is now marked out, containing in Width, at one End there- of Twenty-eight Yards, and in Length on each Side thereof, One hundred and sixteen Yards, and, at the other End terminating in an acute Pointy as a Consideration for the said Dorothy IVeaman and

- 4/ Mary Weaman's having given One Third of an Acre of Land extraordinary, to render the said Cue- metery, or Burial Ground, more useful* and commodious: And whereas Charles Colmore Esquire, a 4 Proprietor of certain Lands in and adjoining to the said Town, being deftrous also to promote so good and pious a Work, hath voluntarily offered also to give Three Acres of the said Lands, as the lame m now marked or set out, to build the other of the said Chapels upon, in order to be consecrated and set apart for the publick Worfhtp of Almighty God, according to the Usage of the Church of England, for making a Chapel-yard or Cemetery thereto; and also the further Quantity of Twelve Yards

in Front, and Fifty Yards in Depth, other Part of his Lands, for building a House for the Residence of the officiating Clergyman; and also such other Parcels of the said Land as shall be sufficient for making a proper Road or Avenue thereto, as herein after is mentioned: And whereas the said Mary 4 IVeaman and Charles Colmore being desirous (fill further to promote so necessary and pious s Work, have severally agreed to subscribe the respective Sums following: (to wit). The said Mary IVeaman, the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Pounds, and the said Charles Colmore, the Sum ot One thousand Pounds, towards erecting a Chapel upon each of their respective Estates, upon Condition that they and their Heirs for ever shall be respectively inverted with the Right of Nomination and Presentation- of the respective Ministers, to perform Divine Service in the respective new-intended Chapels, to be built upon their Estates respectively: And Whereas the several Subscribers to the said pious Under- taking, with the Consent of the Right Reverend Father in Gdd Brownlow Lord Birtiop of the Dio- cefeof Litchfield and Coventry, and of William Tennant Esquire, who is Patron of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Martin in Birmingham aforesaid, and of William Chafe, Restor of the said Church.

have proposed and agreed, as far as in them lies, that the Right of Presentation to the said Chapel

or Curacy, so intended to be erected upon the Land of the said Dorothy IVeaman and Mary IVea—

man, shall be verted in the said Mary IVeaman, and her Heirs for ever; and that the Right of Prefen- ration to the said Chapel or Curacy so intended to be erects upon the Land of the said Charles Col~

more Esquire, shall be vested in the said Charles Colmore Esquire, and his Heirs for ever, in Confide- ration of their being the largest Contributors to the said charitable Designs: But the same cannot be effectually done, or the said several other Matters be carried into Execution, so as to answer the Intention of the Parties interested therein, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament; therefore, may it please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Bishop of uruftetJ* Litchfield and Coventry for the Time being; Mary IVeaman, Charles Colmore, and their H^irs for ever;

the Right Honourable the Earl of Dartmouth, the Right Honourable the Earl Denbigh, the Right Honourable the Earl of Jylesford, the Right Honourable the Earl of Hertford, the Right Honourable the Earl of Harwich, the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, the Right Honourable the Earl of Donnegall in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right Honourable Lord Irnham in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right Honourable Qrevile, commonly called Lord Grevile mr Sir Francis Skipwith% Sir

Charles Holte, Sir Henry Gough, Sir Henry Bridgman, the Honourable John Ward, Thomas Skipwith, Jervoice Clarke, Richard Whitworth, Sir Thomas Gooch, Sir William Bagot, William Inge, and Jennens, and all and every other Person and Persons who shall, at any Tirae hereafter, subscribe or contribute the Sum of Thirty Pounds or upwards, towards building and finishing the said new-intended Chapels, or either of them, shall be, and they are hereby conllituted and appointed Trustees for executing the Powers and Authorities of this Act, for the Ends, Intents and Purposes herein after. mentioned,

lands vtfted !a H. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Part of certain Lands of the Trustees. J)orotby IVeaman and Mary IVeaman, situate in or adjoining to the said Town of fi/r-

mingham, as are marked or set apart for the Purposes herein after mentioned, the same containing in Length One hundred and sixty-seven Yards, and in Breadth Eighty-four Yards, fronting and adjoining up to a certain Street in Birmingham aforesaid, called Whit all Street, and also the further Quantity of Ten Yards in Front, and Fifty Yards in Depth, other Part of their Lands, for building an House for the Residence of the officiating Clergyman; and also such Part of certain Lands of the said Charles Colmore, adjoining or lying near to the said Town of Birmingham, where the same is now flaked or mark d out, containing in the whole Three* Acres, for the Purpufc of Building the said Chapel and Cemetery, being Parc of certain Closes of Land called Harpurs Hills, ami also certain other Parc of the said Land called Harpur’s Hills, containing Twelve Yards in Width, and Fifty YarJs in Depth, for the Sole Purpose of building a Parsonage House for the Use of the said Chapel, (hnl be, and are hereby declared to be, verted in the said Trustees, and their Successors for ever; in Trust, ne-/ vertheless.

A.D. 1772 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 64. 557

vertheless, for building the said respective Chapels, upon making the said Chapel yards or Cosmeteriea, for building Houses thereon for the Residence of the officiating Clergymen, and for other the Uses and Pure >oses herein after, by this Act, directed and appointed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and immediately after the paf- fotlii-sing of this Act, a Road, Way, or Street, on the South East Side of the said Land or Chapel yard, and another Road, Way, or Street on the North West Side of the said Land or Chapel-yard, of the Width1

of Ten Yards each, across other Part of the Lands of the said Dorothy IVeaman and Mary IVeaman, (half be respectively opened and set out, leading from Whitall Street aforesaid, by the respective Sides of the said Chapel-yard, into, and to communicate with an intended Continuation of a certain other Street called Loveday Street; and also a Road, Way, or Street, from the present Termination of the said Love-day Street, all along the Land of the said Dorothy IVeaman and Mary 'Veaman, at the Back Part, or Extremity of the said Chapel-yard, of the Width of Twelve Yards at ieaft, and so that the last mentioned Road, Way, or Street, shall open into, and communicate with the said Two other Roads, Ways, or*

Streets; and also that from and and immediately after the Consecration of the said Chapel, so to be built upon the Land of the said Charles Colmore, a Road, Way, or Street, of the Width of Twenty-Yards, shall be opened and set out upon the Lands of the said Charles Colmore, from and to be leading. out of a certain new-laid-out Street, called Great Charles Street, in a straight Line from thence up to the Center of the Front of the said Chapel-yard, so to be made upon the Land of the said Charles Colmore; which said several Roads, Ways, and Streets, in case the said respective Chapels shall be built and completed on the Lands of the said Dorothy IVeaman, Mary IVeaman, and Charles Colmore respectively, within the Time herein after limited for building and completing the same respectively,-but not otherwise, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, for ever hereafter, publick and common

Highways, Roads, and Streets.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Plot, Piece or Parcel of A Pth Land, as the same is now marked out, and herein-before mentioned to have been given and conveyed Mr*. Weamtn by the said Feoffees to the said Mary PVeaman as aforesaid, shall be, and the same is hereby vested in the said Mary IVeaman, her Heirs and Assigns for ever. 60 ee,#

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act, or the said Conveyance contained, shall extend, or Not to prejadic# be construed to extend, to prejudice, impeach, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of the said Feof- Titltrffoof* fees, or any of them, or their Successors respectively, of, in, or to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, fee*

or Hereditaments, belonging to, or vested in, the said Feoffees, or to annul or make void any of the Uses or Trusts in them reposed, except only to the said Land so by them given and conveyed to the said Mary IVeaman, for the Purposes aforesaid; but the same shall remain, continue, and be to, for, and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, as they were respectively before the making of the said Conveyance, and the passing of this Act y any Thing in the said Conveyance, or kthis Act contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Trur- chapel* to be tees, or any Nine or more of them, or such Pferlon or Persons as they, or any Nine or more of them, boilr, and Pewt for that Purpose, shall order, direct, or appoint, to erc& and build Two respective Chapels in the fe- e^cd. veral Places abovementioned, in such Manner as to the (hid Trustees, or any Nine or more of them,^1 shall seem proper or convenient; and to mak-r, erect, and set up Pews and Seats, and other Ornaments closed °»nd the and Conveniencies, in the said respective Chapels, in order that the same may be consecrated and set several Roads apart for Divine Service, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England \ and also leading the reto# to take in and inclose, with proper W 11s or Fences, the said respective Chapel-yards or Cemeteries, Houses to be to belong to the said respective Chapels; and also to take in and inclose the several Roads and Avenues Expence* not to before mentioned leading to the said Chapels; and also to erect and build the said Houses for the Refi- exceed the Sub-dence of the officiating Clergymen^ so as the Charges and Expences of building and completing the feriptiom.

said several Works do not exceed the Sum of Money which is or shall be subscribed for that Purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Truf- First'tnd other tees, or any Nine or more of them, to m< et together at the Swan Inn in Birmingham aforesaid, on or Meeting* of tht before the Thirtieth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and to adjourn them- TfufttCS* selves from Time to Time, and to meet there, or in any other convenient Place or House, as ihs

said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall think convenient for putting this Act in Execution:

And that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, assembled at such Meet-

ing or Meetings, to receive Proposals from, and contract with,- any Surveyor or Surveyors, Builder or ,nd eontr.aV<*

Builders, or Workmen, for the building and finishing of the said respective Chapels and Houses, and bunding, *c. th»

providing proper Materials for that Purpose *, and also for purchasing proper Materials for erc£ting Chapel.

rews and heats, and other proper Ornaments, and for completing and finishing the same: And that

Six Days Notice be given in Writing, fixed up at the Church Doors in Birmingham, or in some other

publick Place or Places, of the Place and Time of receiving such Proposals; and such Contract or g:venofreceive

Contracts to be made for the said intended Buildings, and all other Proceedings of the said Trustees. ingPropoiaJ*.

shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the Trustee. impowered centra t. and

to make such Contract; and the said Trustees, or the major Part of th?m, so ailhmbk*d, (liu.il ailo no- other Proceed-

minaie and appoint a fit and able Person or Persons to inspe<£l the said respective intended new Build- BjoksT1*

lugs, and fiiail allow him or them, and all other Persons employed in the said Work, such realm, able

Recompence for their Trouble, Expences, and the Purchase of Materials, as to the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall seem meet.

558 C. 64.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Chapelt to be

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the said intended relbcctive i^nfecrated, and new Chapels shall be erected, built, and finished, and made fit for the Performance of Divine Service perpetual a«ti. there*n» t^e fame shall and may be consecrated, and shall after Consecration thereof be-two respective ' perpetual Cures and Benefices; and that the said new-intended Chapel so to be built upon the Land

of the said Mary Weaman, shall be called and distinguished by the Name of Saint Mary in Birmingham 5 and the said Chapel so to be built upon the said Land of the said Charles Colmore y shall be called and distinguished by the Name of Saint Paul in Birmingham; and that it shall be lawful for the said Mart Mr* Weamm JVtaman and Charles Colmore respectively, or their respective Heirs, immediately after the said intendea and Mr. Col- respective Chapels shall be consecrated, to nominate and appoint a Minister or Curate to each of the more to appoint said respective Chapels, duly qualified according to Law, to officiate and perform Divine Service there- f Ua^e Cha- *n } an" Ministers or Curates shall, after such Nomination and Appointment, be deemed and

-r. who are" taken, by virtue of this Act, to be respectively incorporated and made Two respective Bodies Politick to beincorpora- and Corporate, by the Names of The Chaplains or Curates of the Chapels of Saint Mary and Saint Paul, in ted. ' the Town ^Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and shall have perpetual Succession, and be enabled

respectively to sue and be sued by that Name in all Courts of this Realm; and the said respective Chapels, and the Cemeteries inclosed and belonging to the same, shall, after the Consecration of the said respective new Chapels, be vested in the said respective Chaplains or Curates, so to be first nominated and appointed, and their Successors respectively. Chaplains or Curates of the said respective Chapels forever; and the said respective Chaplains or Curates of the said respective Chapels shall respectively have Capacity, and they are hereby respectively authorised and enabled to purchase, and take in perpetuity to them and their Successors respectively, any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, not exceeding in the Whole the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, the Statute of Mortmain, or any other Law or Statute whatsoever, to the Contrary notwithstanding: And the said Chapels, and the Chaplains or Curates thereof for the Time being, as also the Persons who shall act as Chapelwardens thereof, shall be under and subject to the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Bishop of Litchfield and Coventry, and shall be visited in such Manner as other Churches in the Diocese of Litchfield and Coventry are visited.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Advowson, Right of Patronage, and Presentation of, in, and to the said new Chapel or Curacy, so to be built upon the Land of the said Mary IVeaman, shall, immediately after the Consecration of the said Chapel, be vested in and settled

respective- upon Mary IVeaman, and her Heirs; and that the Advowson, Right of Patronage, and Prefen-

p tation of, in, and to the said new Chapel or Curacy, so to be built upon the Land of the said Charits Colmore Esquire, shall, immediately after the Consecration thereof be vested in, and settled upon, the said Charles Colmore, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Ministers of the said respective new Chapels, in consideration of the Salaries or Stipends herein after provided for and allowed to them respectively, shall, and they are hereby required and enjoined to read Prayers and preach a Sermon both Morning and Evening on every Sunday or Lord's Day throughout the Year and shall, and they are hereby required *to, administer the Sacrament or Lord’s Supper every Christmas Day, Easter Sunday, Whitsunday, and upon the Fourth Sunday in every Month, immediately after Divine Service in the Morning; and shall also read Prayers upon all Holy Days, and every Wednesday and Friday throughout the Year, according to the Liturgy of the Church of England, as by Law established; and shall like-wife, from Time to Time, assist the Rector or Rectors for the Time being in performing the necessarjr ^and occasional Duties within the Parish or Parishes in which the said Chapels shall be respectively situated; and it shall be lawfuifor such respective Ministers to perform the Office of burying at their respective Chapels.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Chaplains or Curates nby of the said intended Chapels, with the Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, assembled in the

.?* Vestries of the said respective new Chapels, or the major Part of them, shall and may annually, upon Irihabiu^ts of Enfler Tufday, elect and appoint Four Persons, being Inhabitants of the said Town, to be Chapel-

Chapels liable to Vifiution.

IrSghtof Profanation in Mr* Weaman and Mr. Col-more

Minister* Duty in their respective Chapel*.

'Chapelwardens

to be chose the Miniftei

Birmingham.

wardens uY the said respective new Chapels, not being of the People commonly called Quakers, Two lose by the respective Chaplains or Curates, and the other 1 wo by the major Part

of whom shall be chose ,______ _ f *-

! of the Inhabitants so assembled; which said respective Chapelwardens, so to be from Time to Time -elected, shall have the like Powers and Authorities relating to the said respective Chapels as the Chapelwardens of any other Chapel within the Diocese of Litchfield and Coventry do or lawfully may exercise. Treasurers to be

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or the major appointed by Part of them, at their First Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, shall and may, by Writing rustee*. under their Hands, appoint One or more Person or Persons as Treasurer or Treasurers for receiving

and paying the Monies subscribed, or to be subscribed, towards building and finishing the said intended respective Chapels, and for other the Purposes of this Act; which said Monies shall be paid by the several Subscribers thereto into the Hands of such Treasurer or Treasurers, at such Times as the said Truf-tets, or the major Part of them assembled at any Meeting, shall think fit and appoint, no Two of such Payments being within a less hpace than Six Calendar Months of each other; and the said Treasurers shall, and they are hereby requited to keep One or more Book or Books of Account of all and every Sum amt Sums of Money which shall be received or paid by them by virtue of this Act; which Book or Books shall be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at all reasonable Times without Fee or Reward.

XIII. P».

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 64. 559

Xtll. Provided always, That a major Part of the said Trustees, at any mAlick Meeting assembled Tniftee»may for that Purpose, shall have Power and Authority to remove or displace any Treasurer or Treasurers so to be appointed, and to appoint any other Person or Persons as Treasurer or Treasurers in Room of po^othert!P-him or them so removed or displaced; which said Treasurer or Treasurers shall give such Security for who are to give the due Application of all Monies which shall be so by him or them received, as the major Part of the Security, said Trustees, at the said First or any other Meeting afT*mbled, shall think necessary.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Freehold and Inheritance of Chipelt verted the said respective Chapels and Clupel-yards, except the Vaults to be made under the said Chapels in the Ministeri, as herein after mentioned, shall, after Consecration thereof, be vested in the respective Ministers of the said respective Chapels, and their respective Successors.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Minister For Appointor Chaplain for the Time being, of the said intended respective Chapels, to nominate and appoint such Persons, from Time to Time, as he shall think fit,* to officiate as Clerk and Sexton in the said Chapel j a *toa-and also, from Time to Time, to displace and remove such Clerk and Sexton respectively, as he the said Minister shall fee Cause.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right, Property, and Interest, of the several Pews within the said respective new Chapels, shall and are hereby declared to be vested in the respective Ministers of the said respective Chapels, and their Successors, for ever, to be let out by, them to any Person or Persons, being Inhabitants of the said Town of Birmingham only, (subject to the Proviso herein after contained), who shall be willing to contract and agree for the same, at such Rent as shall be settled at a General Meeting of the said Trustees to be held for that Purpose, within One Month after Consecration of the said respective Chapels, or the major Part of such Trustees at such Meeting assembled; such Trustees having, and they are hereby declared to have, a Power of al~ tering the Rents of such Pews and Sittings every Three Years, if they think proper, so that they do not raise the same to exceed the Sums herein after mentioned, and observing an Equality in raising the same according to the first fixed Rent.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the said Trustees or any Nine of them Pew* to kr shall, and they are hereby required, to cause the several Pews to be credled or set up in the said respective number*. Chapels to be numbered, and the several Numbers of the said Pews or Seats in each Chapel to be entered

in Two separate Books, and also the annual Rent at which the same shall be set or let determined by the said respective Ministers as aforesaid 5 which Books shall be preserved in the respective Vestries of the said respective Chapels, and shall be open to the Inspection of all Persons renting or occupying any of the said Pews or Seats, at all seasonable Times, without any Fee or Reward: And if any of the Rents agreed to be paid for any of Recovery of the said Pews shall remain in Arrear and unpaid for by the Space of Two Months after the same shall be- Pew-rent. comedue, that then it shall and may be lawful for the respective Ministers of the said respective Chapels for the Time being, to re-enter upon such Pews or Seats, and to sue for and recover the said Rent so in Ar~ rear, byAdlionof Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, or to levy and recover such Rent by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfoi* or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Warwick; which Warrant such Justices are hereby impowered and required to grant, upon Proof being made before them, upon Oath, that such Rent has* been demanded and remains unpaid $ which Oath such Justices are hereby impowered and required to ad minister, without Fee or Reward.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rents to be fixed and set Limitation*6 upon the said Pews or Seats by the said Trustees, in Manner aforesaid, shall not amount in the Whole Pew-rcac* to more than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds by the Year, nor less than the Sum of One hundred and Sixty-five Pounds by the Year, at each of the said intended Chapels; and that the said Rents to be fixed by the said Trustees shall not be altered or alterable, (except as is herein*before mentioned), out of which annual Rents the Ministers of the said intended respective Chapels shall pay to the Clerics officiating in the same, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds each by the Year and in letting orfetting the said Pews* or Seats, Preference shall be given in the Choice of such Pews or Seats to Persons subscribing the largest Sums of Money for building and completing the said respective Chapels as aforesaid; and if any Dispute shall arise between Two or more Subscribers of equal Sums of Money, the same shall be determined at a Meeting of the said Trustees by way of Ballot.

XIX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such of the Subscribert to the RtatttvtoMB laid intended Chapels, who shall, by Ballot as aforesaid, be inti tied to any Pews or Sittings therein, Pew* without and their respective Heirs and Assigns, so long as they and their respective Heirs and Assigns shall re- MoJea*tio» % spectively pay the Kent for the same, as is herein before required, and be resident in the said Parish of Birmingham, (but no longer) to hold and enjoy such Pews and Sittings, so to be allotted to them wifih-

out any Disturbance or Molestation whatsoever, at the respective Rents so to be from Time to Time fixed by the said Trustees.

XX. Provided further, That in order to give an Opportunity to Persons of all Ranks and Situation norto let them

in Life to act nd Lhvme Worship, and that no pecuniary Advant ig^s may be derived to the first Pof- fot Urf«r

feflors or Occup ers of the Pews and Sittings, that no such Possessor or Occupier of such* Pews or Sit-Surof»

tings shall set, let, ordemifethe fame, or any of them, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for a larger or greattr Rent than he, she, or they, shall respectively pay for the same, upon Pain of forfeiting the Occupation of such Sittings, in which Case the same shall become forfeited j and the respective

Minister*

e

560 0; 64.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Penalty an Mi-aiders taking larger Rent* than those set-

Jtfintftera of the

other Churches in Birmingham Jiot capable of

/Trustees may build Vaults,

(ell them.

Ministers of the said Chapels shall have Power, immediately after such Event shall happen, to let the same Sittings to such Person or Persons as they shall think proper, subject to the rrovisions aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the respective Ministers of the said respective Chapels* or his or their respective Successors, shall at any Time take, demand, or receive, any greater Rent for such Pews or Seats, or any of them, than shall be settled by the said Truf-

tiedY^etruf-tees* *n Manner afere'said, or shall receive or take, or permit to be received or taken, any Fine, Graces, 1 m tuity. Fee, or Reward, fro n any Person or Persons, as a Consideration for letting such Sittings, such

Minister oj>M^nifters so offending, shall, upon Complaint made thereof by the said Trustees residing within the Towh of Birmingham, or any Five or more of them, to the Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being, and upon Proof of such Demand, taking or receiving, or permitting to be taken or received upon the Oath of a credible Person or Persons not interested in the said Pews or Seats, (which Oath the said Bishop is hereby required and impowered to administer), forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Bishop; which Penalty shall and may be recovered by Action at Law, with full Costs of Suit, in which Action no Elloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more xbaa One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nt> Person or Persons who are or shall be Rector, Curate, or Reader, of either of the Parish Churches, or the Chapel of Saint Bartholomew, of Birmingham aforesaid, shall be capable of holding the Office of

being Mimfterof Minister of either of the respective new Chapris, during such Time as they shall h*ld any of the Offices Cha «is. *" or Cures aforesaid; nor shall one Minister be capable of holding both the said Chapels.

XXIII. And, for raising Money to carry the said Deiign into Execution, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, if they think fit, to build Vaults under the said respective new* 'Chapels, to be applied and made use of as Re positories for the Dead, which Vaults may be so sub- divided into so many Parts or letter Vaults, as the said Trustees shall order and direct; and the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to grant, fell, or dispose of such Vaults, or any of them, as well before as after Consecration of the said respective Chapels, to such Person or Persons who shall be willing or desirous of purchasing the same for Burial-places; and the Money arising by Sale thereof, before Consecration, shall be applied towards building and finishing the said respective Chapels; and the^loney arising by such Sale, aft r Confederation thereof, shall be applied towards the ornamenting and beautifying the said respective Chapels, or in any other Manner relating to the said respective Chapels, as the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, by Writing under their Hand*, lnall direct and appoint, and to no other life or Purpose whatsoever.

-No Vaults to be

XXIV. Provided always, That no Vaults or separate Places of Burial shall be set apart or appropri-set apart. ated to the particular Use of any Person or Persons in the said respective Chapel-yards or Cemeteries.

*No Gravesi?the

XXV. Provided also, That the Floors of the said respective Chapels shall not be broken or taken up Cha, els. for the Burial of any Corpse.

, Fees for

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Repre-fentative or Representatives of any deceased Person or Persons shall be desirous of having the Corpse of such deceased Person or Persons buried in the Vaults of the said respective new Chapels, or in the said new Chapel-yards or Coemeteries, by the Minister or Ministers of the said respective new Chapels, such Person or Persons shall pay to the Minister or Miniftefs of the said respective new Chapels double the Fees usually paid for Burials at the Church of Saint Martin; out of which the Ministers of the said respective new Chapels shall be answerable and accountable for, and shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the Rector, Curate, and Clerk of the said Parish Church of Saint Martin, their ancient and accustomed Tees.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice, impeach, or defeat, any Right, Title, Interest, Claim, or Demand, of the Rectors of either of the said Parish Churches of Birmingham aforesaid, or the Curates or other Officers of the said Churches, or their Successors respectively, of any Tithes, ^Offerings, Surplice Fees, Oblations, Obventions, and other Ecclesiastical Rights, Dues, Fees, Duties, Benefits, or Advantages, arising within the said Parishes, and belonging to them, or any of them respectively; but the said Tithes, Offerings, Surplice Fees, Oblations, Obventions, and other Ecclesiastical Rights, Dues, Fees, Duties, Benefits, and Advantages, shall be paid and payable in the same Manner as (hey were respectively before the passing of this Act, or would or ought to have been, in case the same had not been made; any Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Kear/Trustees to

XXVIII. And, for continuing a sufficient Number of Trustees to put this Act in Execution,’ be it he eleacd in the further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as the Trustee or Trustees, to be STdi ic appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be reduced to the Number of Twenty, it shall be lawful for 1 1C> c* any Nine or more of the said Trustees to call a Meeting, and to elect, by Majority, Five or more Persons to act as fruttees 5 and such of the said Trustees as shall survive or remain, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Writing under their Hands, to elect, nominate, and appoint. Five 9r. more fit Persons in the Room of such Trustees so dying or ^efufing to act as aforesaid, so and in such

Reservatioa of /X'&hts,

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 64. 561

such Manner as that therefball never be less than Twenty Trustees existing to put in Execution the Powers of this Act, and such Persons so elected, nominated, and appointed, shall be joined with such surviving or remaining Trustees in the Execution of and every the Powers in them reposed by virtue of all this Act; and Notice shall be given of the Time and Place of Meeting for the EIection of such new Trustee or Trustees, by fixing the same. One Week at least before the Election, on the Doors of the said Par.fti Churches, and like wife on the Doors of the said respective new Chapels; and all and every such Pc-foil or Persons, as shall be so chosen ani appointed to be joined with such surviving and remaining Trustees, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to act, to all Intents and Purposes in as full, large, and ample Manner, as the said Trustees are by this Act authorised and impowered to act and do.

XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That such Election of a Trustee or Trustees Qualification shall be made out of such Persons as have been, or shall be, Subscribers to the said Undertaking of the Trustees.

Sum of Ten Pounds, or upwards, so long as any such Subscribers shall remain; and for Want of such Subscribers, then such Election shall be made out of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Birmingham.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of Failure of Payment of Recovery of any Money subscribed, or to be subscribed, for or towards the Purposes of this Act, or of any Part or Subscripti.*n-, Portion thereof, for the Space of Twenty Days after Demand thereof made by the said Trustees, or ®°ney.

or any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall, for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands, or under the Hands of any Five or moro of them, authorise and appoint; that then it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of I Warwick, upon Complaint made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to summon the Party or Parties so making Default before them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, and after his, her, or their Appearance, or in Default of such Appcarace, the said Warning or Summons being proved before the said Justices upon Oath, (which they are hereby authorised to administer), the said Justices, or any Two or more of them shall proceed to hear and determine the said Complaint; and upon the Proofs, Evidences, and Testimonies produced before them, shall, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, adjudge the Case, and give such reasonable Allowance and Compensation of and for the Sum and Sums of Money so due and i;i Arrear, as they shall adjudge to be just, and also such Costs and Charges, not exceeding Ten Shillings, as shall to them appear reasonable; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse to comply with the Order of such Justices, that then the said Justices shall, and they are hereby impowered to le.y the said Money awarded by them, with such Costs as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Person or Persons so refusing or makirg Default of Payment, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, upon any of the Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or making Default of Payment; which Warrant or Warrants such Justices of the Peace are hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the Information of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which O.vh the said Justices, or either of them, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer), without Fee or Reward; and such Goods and Chattels so distrained to fell, after the Space of Twenty-one Days, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the said Money so due, together with the Costs awarded by such Justices, and the Charges of keeping, dilhaining, and (tiling the same.

XXXI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enuiteJ, That all such Fparate Sums of Application of

Money ai hive already been subscribed, given, or bequeathed, or shall be subscribed, given, or be- M°n* questhed, to the intended Cupel of Saint Mary, shall be expended and laid out by the said Trustees, C~

or any Nine or more of them, in erecting, finish ng, an 1 completing such Chapel of Saint Mary, the Burial-ground thereto, and the House for the Residence of the Minister who shall be appointed to do

Duty in the said Chap ft; and no Part of such separate Subscriptions, Donations, or Bequests, shall be appropriated to, or applied for or towards the building, completing, or finishing the said intended Chapel of Saint Pauly or the Cosmetcry, or any other Matter appertaining thereto; and that all such separate Sums of Money as have already been subscribed, given, or bequeathed, or shall be subscribed, given, or bequeathed, to the said intended Chapel of Saint Pauly shall be expended and laid out by the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, in creating, finishing, and completing such Chapel of Saint Pauly the Burial-ground or Cosmetery thereto, and the House for the Rcfid.ncc of the Minister v/ho shall be appointed to do Duty in the said Chapel and no Part of such separate Subscriptions,

Donations, or Bequests, shall be appropriated to, or applied for or towards the building, completing, or finishing, the Fid intended Chapel of Saint Mary, or Ciemctcry, or any other Matter appertaining thereto; and that all such Sum or Sums of Money as are now deviled, given, or bequeathed, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the Purpose of, or towards building or creeling a Church, Chapel, or other Place of publick Worship of Almighty God, (according to the Doctrine of the Church of England)y in the Parish of Birmingham aforesaid, and which ar: not deviled, or bequeathed to feme intended Place of Worship particularly by Name, or some certain Description, whereby the Intention of the Party giving or bequeathing may indisputably appear, shall be divided equally, and be applied by the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, in equal Moieties, towards b hiding, finishing, and completing, both the said Chapels of Saint Mary and Saint Paul.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so soon as the said On pel* to be new Chapels shall be built and completed by virtue of this Act, the same respectively shall thenceforth rcpa.reo by

VuI. XI. 4C, Cr OCMI Let*.

56s

If Chapels net con fee rated in a certain Time, Lands to be re* conveyed.

Money subscrib-rd towards Expences of the Act, deemed Part of Subscription Monty*

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter

ieflioDJ.

Proceedings not to k: qua (bed for want of Form.

limitation of Actions*

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

C. 64. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

for ever be supported and kept in Repair by a general Rate or Levy upon the Inhabitants of the fakl Town of Birmin^hanty in like Manner as the other Churches in the salt) Town are supported and kept in Repair.

XXXIII. Provided always nevertheless. That in case either of the said Chapels, shall not, by virtue of the Authority of this Act, be erected, or shall be begun to be erected, and not sufficiently finished for Divine Service, and consecrated within the Space of Seven Years from the Time of passing this Act> in such Case the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to reconvey back the Land upon which such Chapels and Houses were intended to be built, and given for the Purposes of this Act, to the Person or Persons who (if this Act had not been made) would be intitled to the Freehold and Inheritance thereof; and in case any such Chapel shall be begun to be built, and not so sufficiently finished as aforesaid, and consecrated, then the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall, and they are hereby also required to sell and dispose of the Materials of such unfinished Building, and pay and apply, the Money arising by Sale thereof, or, such Part thereof, as shall be necessary for that Purpose, to the fai6 Mary JVe rim an or Charles Colmore% (as the Case may, happen to be), or to the Person or Persons who shall at that Time bo intitled to the Freehold and Inheritance of the Land upon which such Chapel shall fail to be built, in Discharge of their Subscriptions to the same; and after such Reconveyance and Refunding such Subscriptions, then do and shall refund and pay back all the Residue of the Money arising by Sale of such Materials, to all and every the other Subscribers to such Chapel, (which ever it may be) in Proportion to what they shall have severally subscribed and paid towards the same; any Thing herein-before contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Monies-as are or have been subscribed by any Person or Persons whomsoever, towards defraying the Expences of this present Act, shall be considered, deemed, and taken as Part of their several Subscriptions towards building the said Chapels and Houses; and that as well all such Subscriptions for or towards the obtaining this Act, as also all Subscriptions towards erecting and finishing the said intended Chapels, shall, in the first Place, be liable to, and applied towards the paying and defraying, the Charges and Expences attending the obtaining and passing, of this present Act.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing, done in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for him, her, or them, to appeal to the Justices of Peace, at their next General Quarter-sessions,* to be held in and for the said County of Warwick \ or in case the said Complaint shall arise within Fourteen Days next before such General Quarter-sessions of the Peace, to be held for the said County, then such Appeal may be to the said Justices, at the Second General Qinrter-sessions of the Peace, to be held for the said County, who are hereby, authorised and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint and Complaints of any Person or Persons so aggrieved \ and if they, fee Cause, shall and may, by Order of the said Sessions, mitigate, at their Discretion, any Penalties or Forfeitures laid or incurred by the Party or Parties complaining, or otherwise, may ratify and confirm the same, with such CofVs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and to levy by their Order or Warrant* such Costs so awarded; by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattel*of any Person or Persons who shall refuse to obey, the same; but the Person or Persons so appealing as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby respectively directed to give Notice in Writing to the said Trustees for the Time being, or any Five or more of them, of such their Intentions of bringing or prosecuting any Appeal, Fourteen Days before the said Quarter-session, and shall, within rive Days after such Notice given, enter into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Warwick, with Two sufficient Sureties, with Condition to try such Appeal at the next Quarter-session* of the Peace* or the Second Quarten-fdEons of the Peace, which shall be held in and for the said County, next and immediately after bringing such Appeal rc-spectively; and also, in case such Appeal shall be disallowed, to pay such Costs and Charges as the said Justices shall: direct in that Behalf; and every such Appeal, shall, at the said next, or Second General Quarter-sessions, be there heard and finally determined.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any of the Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this present Act, shall be qualh* ed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster j any Law* Statute, or Custom, to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall he commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against die Plaintiff* the Defendant or Defendant* dull and may recover

---

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 65, 66. 563

Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

[Publick Act.]

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to extinguish the Right of Common upon an Acre of Ground called White Lyon, or Hangman's Acre, in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Prison called The House of Correction, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, is too small, unhealthy, inconvenient, and unsafe, and Persons committed to the said Prison for Felony cannot be kept separate from those committed for small Misdemeanors, which greatly tends to the Ruin and entire Corruption of the latter: And whereas it has, upon Inquiry, been found absolutely necessary to rebuild the said Prison in a more convenient Situation: And whereas the County of Surrey is seised or possessed of an Acre of Ground in Saint George's Fields, called White Lyon, or Hangmans Acre, situate near the King's Bench Prison, which is a proper Place for erecting the said House of Correction: And whereas the Justices of the Peace, at the Quarter-session of the Peace held for the said County, on the Fourteenth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, did unanimously agree to build a new House of Correction on the said Ground; but as the Owners of certain Lands in Saint George's Fields have a Right of Common for their Cattle, at certain Times of the Year, upon the said Acre, promiscuously with other Lands, (though such Right is of no real Value with respect to the said Acre), the Building cannot be erected unless such Right be extinguished, which cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[After the passing hereof, all RIght of Common upon White Lyon Acre shall cease, and be extinguished.]

That from and after the passing of this Act, all Right of Common, or Common of Pasture, in, over, and upon the said Acre of Land called White Lyon, or, Hangman's Acre, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

[Publick Act.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed, in all Courts, as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough and Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS in the Borough and Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, there is carried on a large and extensive Manufactory, which employs several thousand people, many of whom contract Small Debts, which in the Whole amount yearly to a great Sum of Money; and although such Debtors are well able to pay their respective Debts, yet they often refuse so to do, presuming on the Discouragements their Creditors lie under from the great Expence they are unavoidably put unto, and the Delays they meet with in suing for the same: And as an easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the Borough and Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of Kidderminster aforesaid, will greatly contribute to promote Industry, and support and encourage Trade and Credit therein; may it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[Who are to be Commissioners.]

That the Bailiff, Recorder, High Steward, Lord of the Manor, Justice, Aldermen, and Common Council of the Borough of Kidderminster for the Time being, and the Persons herein after named, residing or having Estates within the Parish of Kidderminster aforesaid 3 that is to say, The Reverend Robert Job Charlton Doctor of Laws, Abraham Turner, James John float, M.D.

-Adam Hough, the Reverend John Martin Clerk, Francis Clare, John Folliott, William Williams, Thomas Newnham, William Wheeler*, the Reverend Job OrtonQ\erk, Joseph Harper, the Reverend Benjamin Faivcett Clerk, William Wallis, Jojsfh Callow, Daniel Be/l, Richard Colley, John Butler, Gregory Watkins, FrancisBefl,

John Watson, Poehin Lifer, John Jefferyes, Joseph Aujlin, Joseph Lea, Matthew Jefferyes, Timothy Dob fen,

Josiah Lea, William Lea, John Couper, William Befl, William Roberts, Edward Crane, Chrijhfher Itunt,

Samuel Crane, Serjeant Crane, John Crane, William Tate, Thomas Crane, William Doelittle, Nicholas Pear-Jail, George Boraston, Benjamin Pearce, Nicholas Pearfall junior, John Brecknell, Joseph Jones, Joseph Breck-nell, Benjamin Brecknell, John Spencer of Hurcot, Timothy Brookes, Thomas Woodward, John Mole, Matthew Wilson, John White, Andrew Cooper, John Cooper, Thomas Cooper, Joseph While, Joseph Patrick, John

564 C. 66. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Spencer of Kidderminster, Benjamin Cottrell, Benjamin Lea, Samuel Lea, Ingram, Francis Lea, Samel Read) the Reverend Thomas Wiggan Clerk, William Watson, Ralph Powell, Henry Darby, Hintonf

Cnrnmissioneri o.uli uted a tJourt of isc-quelb.

For Want of

Patrick, George Halien, Abraham Thomas, John Pear fall, John A don, Henry Pirrins, Alatthnv Thomas, Jiff trey Jolly, Thomas Fry, William Banks, Francis Hornblower, John Broom junior, Joseph Broom, &7-Crane, Edward Griffiths, John Griffiths, jWw Richardson, John Stringer, Thomas Richardson, j'/r/iA Orton, Thomas Junes, Serjeant Hornblower, Benjamin Han bury, William Hornblower, Richard Colley junior, Alexander Patrick, Jacob Eflhope, John Ycarfley, Samuel Talbot, Thomas Beck, Edward Bellamy, Samuel Hill, Nicholas Penn, John Sicynor junior, Henry Penn, Richard Barford, Samuel Southall, Samuel Evans, John PearJ'all junior, Henry Matthews Clerk, Wallis, James Wynde, Hull be, ard are hereby declared, constituted, and appointed Commissioners, to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt, to be brought before them, as are herein after mentioned; and such Commissioners and their Successors shall be, and are hereby consticuted a Court of justice, by the Name and Style of The Court of Requests for the Borough and Foreign of Kidder mi. iter, in the Parish of Kidderminster, and 1 hr County of W or celled; and they the said Conirmfitoners, or any Three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to meet and afllrruble Once in' every Fortnight; that is to say, On Turf day, or oftener, if there shall be Occasion, and hold the hud* Court in the Guildhall of the Borough of Kidder miidler aforesaid, or fotnc other convenient Place lobe approved and fixed on by the major Part of the said Commissioners, who shall be assembled at iome General Meeting to be held for that Purpose; the First of which said Meetings shall be on the Tuesday Month next after the passing of this Abh

II. Provided always, That in case Three or more of the said Commissioners, appointed or to be ap-fccr oAdommiiii- P0’nte^ by virtue of this Abf, shall neglect or refuse to alienable on any of the Days appointed fur hold-onemoatt, ing the said Court, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court herein- Co. 11 to be ad- after named for the Time being, or his Deputy, to adjourn the said Court to some other convenient joumed to ano- Day, within One Week from the Day on which the said Court ought to have been held, or to the the* Day. next General Court Day to be held by virtue of this Abh

On. Death, &c.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, and as often a3 ot Coro minion- it shall be necessary, either by the Death of any of the said Commissioners herein-before particularly ebofcn^ertt0 name<^ or any of their Successors, to l e chosen in Manner herein after mentioned, or by his or t.ieir c :>cn’ refusing cr neglecting, for the Space of One whole Year, to abt herein, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, or any Nine or more of them, to meet and alienable together, at any Time after such Death, Refusal, or Neglect to ail, and toelcft ' and appoint One or more Person or Persons residing within the said Parish, or having Estate there, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners, in the Stead and Place of such Commissioner or Comini Hi »ner$ dying, refusing, or neglecting to ad; and every such Commissioner and Commissioners, so elected and appointed, shall be, and is and are hereby enabled to ail in the Execution of the Powers granted to the Commissioners hereby appointed, as fully and effectually* to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been particularly named in this Abh

IV. Provided always, That before any such Eleblion shall be made, Twenty-one Days Notice, in Writing shall be given by the Clerk of the said Court, by affixing the same on the Town Hall, and on the Door of the Parish Church of Kidderminster aforesaid.

c V. And, for the more orderly and regular Proceeding in the aforesaid Court, and to make the Business ‘ thereof as easy as may be to the said Commissioners,5 be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid*. That the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being shall, and is hereby authorised and required, to raonci to attend cause the first Nine of the said Commissioners, as they stand in Order in this Act, residing within the the Courtevery parish, to be summoned by the Beadle of the said Court to attend and do the Business of the said 'I wo Months. Court, for Two Calendar Months then next following; and after the Expiration thereof, (hailaufs the like Number of Commissioners, residing within the said Parish, as they stand next to the former in, O rder and Rotation, to do the like Duty ior the Two then next succeeding Calendar Months, till the whole Number of Commissioners, lelident as aforesaid, shall have been summoned; and shall then begin again, and continue to summon Nine Commissioners every Two Calendar Months, in like Rotation, in all succeeding Times, so as the said Commissioners may take upon themselves, in Rotation, the Execution of this Abh

Commissioners,

VI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or he construed to extend, toex-a’.ihcugh not in elude or deb^r any of the said Commissioners from fitting in the said Court, although they be not in Rotation, or summoned as aforesaid; but that all such Commissioners shall and may, as often as they reflectively shall think fit, fit and give Judgment therein.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners so named and appointed, and their Successors, to be chosen in Manner herein-before mentioned, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Tune assembled as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt as shall be brought before mem, in Manner25 hereafter mentioned; and to give such Judgments, and to make such interlocutory and final Ordtr> and Decrees therein, and to award such Execution thereupon, with Colts, both against the Bodies 2nd the feoods and Chattels of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give or make any such

Proviso*

The First Nine

Ci mm.tin?neis, aijd io in Rotation, to be summon^d, may lit in Coutt.

Their Power.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 66. 565

such Judgment, Order, or Decree, as to them shall seem j&ft and mod agreeable to Equity and good Conscience; and if the Commissioners, so artembled, shall happen to be equally divided upo:i Any Question that may come before them, the Commissioner »present, whose Name {lands firllon t^eLifl1 of the Commissioners herein after directed to be kept in the Court-house or Place where they shall respectively meet, shall have the carting Vote.

VI1L And be it further enacted by the Authority nforcfaiJ, That in Hie said Court of Rcqurrts c’frk a"d there shall be One Officer called a Clerky and another Officer called a Beadle? and that 'Jaxb a?pomc

White Gentleman shall be, and is hereby conflicted and appointed Ckrk of the fin'd Court of l\f quells; 1 and that 'jshn Steynor the younger, shall he, and is hereby conflicted and appointed the Beadle of the said Court of Requtils; which said Officers of Clerk and Beadle shall execute their respective Offices' by themselves reflectively. or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, so iong as they shall behave themlelvey well in their respective Offices.

IX. Provided always, That no Commissioner, nor any Person or Persons who shall keep any Vic-Com‘^®ncrr tualling-house, Alehouse, or other public Place of Entertainment, or who fh.il! fell any Wine, Cyder,

Beer, Spirituous or other ft rung Liquors, by Rehul, shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit ^accoiVrorit. belonging to the said Court.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tint whenever %it shall happen that the Appointment 0*

Office ot Clcik or Beadle of the fr.id Court rtnll become vacant, either by Death, Resignation, or Mif-.^D^ and behaviour, the said respective Odices shall he executed by fuclf Person or Persons as shall, in that *"

half, be nominated and appointed by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor of the Borough

of Kidder mi rjiet\ aforesaid for thelime being; who is and are hereby authorised, impowered, and required* to nominate and appoint, under his* her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, such Clcik and Beadle, in Consideration of, and as a Compensation for the Prejudice or Damage to, or Diminution of the Business of the Court Baron of or belonging to the Lord of the Manor; and until such Nomination and Appointment shall be made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, assembled as aforesaid, to appoint such Officers respectively.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk herein before-named and Clerk to fix up cholen, and his Successor, from Time to Time, to be appointed as aforesaid, or his or their lawful Deputy, shall make, and cause to be fixed up, in some convenient Part of the Court-house, fair and coun house complete Lilts, in Writing, of the Commissioners herein named and appointed, or to be elected and appointed as aforesaid; and shall also iilue, or cause to be issued out, all Summonfcs, Attachments,

Vv a; rants. Subpoenas, and Precepts, and register and enter, or cause to be registered and entered, all causes, C)rders, Decrees, and Judgments, and other Acts and Proceedings of the said Court, in proper Books to be from Time to Time provided by him, and kept for that Purpose; and that the Beadle here- B^adfe to serve in-before named, or from Time to Time to be appointed as aforesaid, or his Deputy, shall, and he is Precepts. hereby impowered and required, to serve and execute, or cause to be served'and executed, all such Sum- '

monies. Orders, Attachments, W arrants, Subpoenas, Executions, and' Precepts, and to-do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein directed and appointed to be done by him-

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, Persons may-foe it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who now hath orfor Debts undcci have, or hereafter shall or may have, any Debt or Debts arising or accruing within the said Borough or*01-Foreign of Kidierminjlnr, not amounting to the Sum of Forty Shillings and dwe’or owing to him, her, oir them, by or from any Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the Borough or Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of Kidderminster aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to apply to the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, for the Time being, who shall immediately make an Entry in his Book of the Cause, expressing the Names of the Parties, and the Sum demanded; and shall thereupon make out and deliver a Summons, in Writing, under his Hand, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, exprdfing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the Name or Names of such Party or Parties demanding the same, thereby requiring and commanding Inch Debtor or Debtors to appear at the next Court to be h< Id before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demand; and the Beadle of ti e said Court shall forthwith serve, or cause to be served, such Summons on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the same at the Dwellin'.,-noufe or Place of Abode, Lodging,

Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of Dealing or Working of such Debtor or Debtors, within the Borough or Foreign of Kidder minjhr aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more j>f them, shall, upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons, have full Power and Authority by ' irtue of this Act, to make due inquiry, upon Oath, of any legal Witness or Witnesses, or by Confession of the Party summoned concerning such Demand, and to pronounce and give such final Sentence or Judgment, and to make such interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees therein, as to them shall seem most jiiil and equitable.

XIII. And, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, and rendering this Act feetua) for the Purpose thereof,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners o°ide« u7r^u-for the 'lime being, or any Nine or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority by virtue of hunt the prac-this Act, from Time to Time, and as often as they shall see Occasion, at any of the said Courts, to ticeot thceourt, make Inch i<ules 01 Oiders for the better regulating the Practice of the said Court, as 10 them shall seem necessary and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, so as they shall be confident with Equity, and not tend to alter the Fees herein after allowed by this Act to be t;.k> n by the Clerk and Beadle of the said Court for the Time being, or to the Kxeicjfc of any JurisdnRion inconiiuem with the true Intent and

Meaning

66 *C. 66.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

«<! *dmi nifter t Oaths,

OnNomifpear-

ince of Defendant, Commif-

Meaning of this Act,*and do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of Proceeding of Mid in the said Court only; according to which Rules or Orders, so from Time to Time to be made, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to proceed upon, and to hear an<T determine all Matters of Debt arising within the said Borough or Foreign, not amounting to the said Sum of Forty Shillings, which (had be brought before them by virtue of this Act, and to make and pronounce such Judgments and Decrees concerning the same, together with such Costs of Suit, as to them shall deem agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

XLV. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and for the more Solemn Determination of all the.causes and Matters which shall be depending in the Said Court,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them assembled in Court, and they are hereby impowered to administer an Oath to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by either Party, and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any Person or Persons whatsoever, whose Evidence shall, to the said Commissioners, or to the major Part of vthem assembled at the said Court, appear necessary to ascertain the Truth of the Matter in Litigation between the Parties $ and for that Purpose to issue out a Summons or Summonses, at the Instance of either of the Parties, to all and every such Witness or Witnesses, to be and appear at Such Court Day whereon, the Said Matter is appointed to be heard. ’

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Debtor or Debtors, who shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall, without Some good Cause to be allowed by the said Court, fioaen mty prv- refuse or neglect to appear in the Said Court at the Time mentioned in the said Summons, then it shall ceed ex p*<te. and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, upon Proof being made, upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in Manner before directed, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, and to award Such Costs of Suit as to them shall seem meet.

/OnNonapp r-

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon the Day of the Return of, anceor Nonsuit (be Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of thfcsaid Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall lCafti"* no* appear> or appearing, shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand, to the Satisfac-awar vft* > t^c lt foall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or

more of them, upon due Proof upon Oath having been first made before them of the Service of such Summons, or, in case the Plaintiff shall fail in making due Proof of such his Debt, (as the Case may be), to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for enforcing the Payment of Debts and Cods ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Case where the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment ,of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of 'them, to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of the said Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, and he is hereby authorised and required, at the Request and Election of the Party or Parties prosecuting such Ordef or Decree, to issue a Pre-,ccpf or Precepts in Execution under nis Hand and Seal, ana, from Time to Time to renew the same, against the Body or Bodies of such Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree shall be made, directed to the Beadle of the said Court, or his Deputy, who, by virtue thereof, shall and may, and he is hereby impowered and required to take and apprehend, or cause to be taken and apprehended, such Party or Parties, being within the Borough or Foreign and Parish of Kidderminster aforesaid, and convey him, her, or them, to such Gaol within the said Parish as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, for that Purpose, there to remain until he, she, or they shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, and Judgment, so as no Person shall remain in Confinement for any longer Space of Time than Forty Days, or for less than Ten Days and that it shall, in like Manner, be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, and he is hereby authorised and from Timerequired, at the like Request and Election of the Party or Parties prosecuting such Order or Decree, to 10 Time, tore- issue a Precept or Precepts in Execution under his Hand and Seal, and, from Time to Time, to renew new the same, the same, against the Goods of such Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree shall be made, directed to the said Beadle, or his Deputy, who, by virtue thereof, shall and may, and is hereby impowered and required to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Party or Parties, being within the Borough or Foreign and Parish of Kidderminster aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Mo* jtiey, and Costs, as shall be so ordered and decreed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall, at any Time, upon the Request, and for the Ease and Conveni-Court may order .<ncc of the Defendant or Defendants, order and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be Debts to be paid paid at several Payments, or by instalments, which they are hereby authorised and impowered to order ^t ieterai imcs. amj decree^ at their Discretion, then upon the First Default or Failure of any of the said Payments or Instalments so ordered and decreed, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them assemblcdia Court, shall and may, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain un-X paid,

Commissioners 40* y 4W4rd cution.

A.D. 1771. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 66. 567

Paid, together with Such further Cods as to them shall seem reasonable; to be recovered by the same

'rocefs or Precept, and in like Manner as is herein before provided for Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed; the former Order or Decree to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Process not if-impower the Clerk of the said Court to issue any Process against the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons, where the Party intitled to the Benefit of any such Order, Judgment, or Decree as afore- ^iiVwar-

said, shall have obtained any Warrant or Process as aforesaid against the Body or Bodies of the same rantf, grantca a--Person or Persons, unless such Person or Persons shall escape out of Custody, or shall abscond or depart gainst the Body out of the said Borough, Foreign, and Parish of Kidderminster, to avoid being apprehended and taken of the Person, by virtue of such last mentioned Warrant or Process. twless he shall escape or abscond.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Precept to be issued upon Execution any Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Clerk who £c"t issues the same shall express and set down in Writing the Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs, so ordered

and decreed to be paid; and if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded In what Cases shall, before any adtiial Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he. She, or they is, are, or shall be Execution auy taken and apprehended, or before t>hc Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay, be f"P«riede4*-or cause to be paid or tendered uoto the Clerk of the Court who shall LflTue such Precept, such Sum or Sums of Money, and Colts, together with One Shilling, as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and % paying over such Debt and Co-ts to the Plaintiff or Plaintiff’s, and entering Acknowledgments or Satisfaction in the Book or Register of the said Court for such Debt and Costs, and also the Sum of Two Shillings to the Beadle for Fees, in case such Party or Parties shall have been committed to Prison. or his Goods shall be distrained upon, and not fold; then, and in such Case or Cases the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Bodies, and Goods of such Party or Parties, shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Beadle of the said Court, or Beadle Coffering-his Deputy, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, Shall, by wilful or notorious Ne-

gleet or Connivance, cause or suffer the Party against whom such Execution Snail be awarded to escape, moved>or awing-' or the Goods of such Party or Parties so distrained upon to be carried away, embezzled, or Secreted. Defendantst* so that such Execution shall not have its due Effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com- abscond, to pay missioners, or any Three or more of them, assembled in Court, upon Complaint and due Proof made DebtattdCoftu‘ upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Beadle to pay such Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was awarded to the Party complaining, and to inforce the Payment thereof by the same Method and Means as- are herein-before provided for the Payment of other Debts.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall bfe capable of a&- Qg'iMditioa of ' ing as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless at the Time of his so acting he shall be in his Gw* Own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of

Lands or Hereditaments* of the clear yearly Value of Twenty Pounds above Reprizes, or possessed of a personal Estate to the Value of Four hundred Pounds: And if any Person or Persons made incapa- Polity 00 Ac-blc to act for the causes aforesaid, shall, nevertheless, presume to act in the Execution of this Act, every such Person Shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of Fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor or rlaiiuiff than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be capable of afling as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath to the following Effect:

I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my Judg- Coantfaneff - ment, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought before me by virtue of an Oitiw Act of Parliament, " for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough and Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of Kidderminster y in the County of Worcester" ‘ without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to either Party.

So help me GOD.

Which Oath the Clerk of the said Court hereby named, is hereby, at the First Court or Meeting to be held by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, in pursuance of this Act, impowered and required to administer to all and every Commissioner and Commissioners in open Court, and in the Presence of Three or more of such Commissioners, and in* like Manner, at any subsequeirt Court* the Clerk of the said Court, or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Oath, is, and are hereby impowered and required to administer the said Oath in open Court, to all and every such other Commissioner and Commissioners, not having qualified himself as aforesaid, at such First Court or Meeting; of all such Oath and Oaths so taken as aforementioned, the said Clerk of the said Court Memorial thereof shall cause a Memorial to be entered in the Register of the said Court amongst the Proceedings of such to be reared. Days icspectivdy.

XXIV,

568 C. <6j6; Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That tfce several Fees herein after limited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the said Clerk and Beadle, or their Successors, for their several and respective Services in the Execution of this Act; that is to say

To the Clerk,

The Fwi, For entering every Clause, Threepence.

For ifiuifig every Summons, Threepence.

For every Subpoena, Threepence.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant, Threepence.

For every Hearing or Trial, Sixpence.

For swearing every Witness, Threepence.

For every Order, Judgment, or Decree, Sixpence.

For a Nonsuit, Threepence.

For every Search in the Books, Twopence.

For paying Money into Court, Fourpence.

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging of Satisfaction in the Clerks Books, Four-pence.

For every Attachment, Sixpence.

For every Execution, Sixpence.

For every Warrant of Commitment, Threepence.

To the Beadle,

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena xh the Borough of Kidderminster, Threepence; if in the Foreign, Four-pence.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, Twopence.

For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant against the Body or Goods in the Borough of Kidderminster^ aforesaid. One Shilling; if in the Foreign, One Shilling and Sixpence.

A Table thereof A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court, in some to be hung upin conspicuous part Gf t^e Court-house, or Place, where the said Commissioners shall meet, so that tkeCourt-house. ass persons concerned may fee and examine the same.

Penalty on tak-

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Clerk or Beadle of the said wg gieater Fees. Court for the Time being shall take any greater or other Fees or Rewards than what are herein-before 9 mentioned for his or their Service in the Execution of this A(ff, he or they Aiall, for every such Offence,

forfeit and pay such Fine (not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings), as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, upon due Proof upon Oath first made before them of the Truth of such Complaint, shall order, assess, and impose, to be applied to the Relief of such Debtor or Debtors, who shall be then, or at any Time after, in the Prison or Gaol of the said Court of Requests, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall order and di-rest, or otherwise to be paid to the Ovci seers of the Poor of the Borough of Kidderminster aforesaid, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners imposing such Fine or Fines as aforesaid; the lame to be levied

tif not paid on Demand) by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, v Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Commissioners, or.any Three or more of them, by whom such Complaint shall be heard, rendering to the Owner the Overplus, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deduced.

Clerk or Beadle

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Clerkpr Beadle shall nuy be displaced^ guilty of any Misbehaviour, either'Ey Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than be-<f«r Misbehavi. yere mentioned, or otherwise in the Execution of their respective Offices, that then, upon Complain:,

our* and due Proof thereof made upon Oath in ^pen Court, the said Commissioners then fitting are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, by a Notice in Writing, to be affixed at the Town Hall, and also at the Door of the Parish Church of Kid Westminster aforesaid, to meet at some convenient Time and Place, and the Commissioners then present, not being less than Nine in Number, Avail and may e\, mine and consider the Merits of such Complaint; and if i: shall appear to such Commissioners so all moled or met, or to the major Part of them, that the said Clerk or Beadle hath been guilty of any such Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforesaid in his Office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then assembled, to suspend or remove such Clerk or Beadle from his said Office, and another Person or Persons shall be thereupon appointed in his Room, in such Manner as is by this Act directed for such Appointment.

Commissioners,

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioner of the said Clerk, or Beadle, Court for the Time being shall be Party to, or interested in any Cause, Matter, or Thing, depending WhCrC *-n Court, fut*h Person shall not he capable of acting as a Commissioner in the hearing and de-

~ termining the same, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, but, after heing heard in the said Cause, shall withdraw from the said Court until the same is finally determined; and if the Clerk or Beadle of the said Court for the Time being Aiall be a Party to, or interested in any Cause depending in the said Court, such Clerk or Beadle Aiall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or in

any Thing relating thereto; but the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them assembled at

2 such

A.D. 177a. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 66. 569

such Court, shall and mayr and are hereby authorised ta depute and appoint another Person to exercise the said Office of Clerk or Beadle respectively, in all things relating to such Cause.

XXVIII. And, for the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees, from Time to Time, to be faulty tm U-4 made by the said Commissioners, and that the Commissioners of the said Court may be inverted with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse/ be it en-00"1, acted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse all or any of the Commissioners during their fitting in the said Court, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, or shall obstruct the Process thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, directing such Beadle to apprehend and take, or cause to be apprehended and taken, such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, before One of His Ma-3city’s Justices of the Peace for the Borough of Kidderminster aforesaid, if the Offence shall be committed within the said Borough, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of

i'f'orcester aforesaid, if the Offence shall he committed in the said Foreign; and upon the Fact alJcdged being proved by the Oath of One credible Witness, the said Justice is hereby impowered and directed to punish such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, by Fine, not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Ten Shillings, which shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Tuflice before whom the said Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and be paid and applied by such Justice in like Manner as the Fin^s herein-before mentioned are directed to be applied; and if the said Offender or Offenders shall not pay the said Fine in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the same to be levied by Diffrcfs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods; or in Default thereof, to commit such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said Cojunty of IVtrrcrsler^ there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Months, or until, he, she, or they, shall pay the said Fine.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of Copy ofprece-

the said Court shall fix. or cause to be fixed up, in some publick Part of the said Court-house, or Place dingClauseto be where the said Commissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the last preceding Clause of this Act, to the £ung ,nfthe Intent that no Person shall or may plead Ignorance thereof. ourt ou

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Debt, or Action Defiant* may upon the Case, upon an Assumpsit for Recovery of any Debt to be sued or prosecuted against any Pei pi^d aurally i* son or Persons aforesaid. in any of the King’s Courts at fVeJimirt/}gry or elsewhere out of the said Couribarot Actiomof of Requests, the Plaintiff shall declare for any Sum of Money, not amounting to the Sum of Forty Debt*

Shillings, the Defendant may plead generally in Bar of such Action, that at the Time of commencing

speh Action the Defendant was inhabiting and refiant within the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, and was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests, without pleading any other Matter specially; and in case the Plaintiff in any such Action shall declare for Forty shillings, or any Sum of Money exceeding Forty Shillings, the Defendant may plead generally, over and above such Matters as aforesaid, that the Defendant was not at the Time of commencing such Action indebted unto the Plaintiff in any Sum or Sums of Money amounting to the Sum of Forty Shillings, without pleading any other Matter specially; where to the Plaintiff’ shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid 5 and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment be given on Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Full Costs.

XXXI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in Prorffo. such Action, afterwards to prosecute the said Defendant or Defendants, for the Recovery of the said Debt or Debts in the said Court of Requests; any Thing herein-before contained to the Conti ary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attorney at Law or Solicitor, No Attorney to

being served with the Process of the said Court of Requests, or appearing in the same Court, shall be or

allowed to plead or maintain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgment u*lhl*

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein To what Debts contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Con- *hu Aclfluiiftot tract where the Title of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in Question, ort3Ucn

in or upon any re; 1 Contract, nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Caule concerning any Last Will and Testament, or Matrimonial- Contract, or the Breach thereof, or any Thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, nor for Money won at or by Means of any Horse-race,

Cock match. Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Flay; nor for any Forfeiture of any Penal Statute or Bye-law; nor to any Debt contracted upon a Sunday, for Ale, Beer, Cyder, Spirituous or other Liquors; nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been a Contract, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or promise to pay, within Six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the same, although such Debt shall not amount to Forty Shillings.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons PcnJtyonwilful making Oath, or giving Evidence in any Cnufe or Matter whatsoever, depending in the said Court oi ^erJury*

Urquells, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof duly convicted according to Law, such Person and Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Per-. \ot. XI. 4 D fons

57® C. 67.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Feaalty *nnmt

obeying a. Sob-

too referred.

fons convicted of wilful and and corrupt Perjury is or are liable to, or shall be subject to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person residing within the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Request, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons to be issued out of the said Court, to give Evidence of Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and due Proof shall be made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause of Absence be ibewn or assigned to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the said Court te which such Perfop shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, and Oath shall be made before the said Commissioners, that the Person served therewith was a material Witness for the Party at whose Instance such Subpoena or Summons issued, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners? or any three or more of them, assembled in open Court, and weighing the Cause so shewn, and adjudging the same to be inefficient, to impose and lay a Fine, not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor leis than Five Shillings; to be levied (if not immediately paid on Demand) by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Three er more of them; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Party at whose Instance such Subpoena or Summons issued.

The Jbrifdiaioa

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act fthe Court Ba*containc<j shall exten(j^ or be construed, adjudged, deemed, or taken to be or extend to extinguish, restrain, alter, annul, take away, or otherwise prejudice the Jurisdiction of ah ancient Court Baron held by the Lord of the Manor of the Borough of Kidd<rminster aforesaid, and his Predecessors, Time immemorial, within the said Borough, or any of the Rights, Privileges, and Franchises thereto belonging, but that Plea shall and may be held in the said Court of all Debts, Matters, and Things within the said Borough, and all Persons shall and may sue and be sued in the same Court, in like Manner as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any thing done by virtue of this Act, till after Twenty Days Notice thereof in Writing shall be given to, or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be intended to be so brought, thereby {Setting forth the Cause of such Action, and in Default only of any Tender of sufficient Amends being made within that Time, by such Person or Persons to the Party so aggrieved, and causing such Notice to be given; and that every Action brought for any Thing done as aforesaid shall be commenced within the Space of Three Months next after the Cause thereof shall arise, and shall be laid in the County of Worcester, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants therein shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, and that the same was done by virtue thereof: And if, on the Trial of such Action, it shall appear that the same was brought before the Expiration of Twenty. Days after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the End of Three Months next after the Cause Thereof shall arise; or if such Action shall bp brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, or alter sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved; then, and in every the Cases aforesaid, the Jury on the Trial of such Actionfball find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and in all Cases where any Verdi# shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action* or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the same after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited; or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have and recover Treble Costs, and shall have jtlieJike Remedies for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in other Cases where Costs are given by Law.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Perfaus whatsoever, without specially pleading the same*

limitation £ Actiooi*

CeaeraiKTtfe

[Treble Costs.]

Publick. A£h

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for Incorporating the Members of a Society, commonly called fbe Marine Svcietjy and their Successors, to be elected as therein is mentioned, and for the better impowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful DeGgns.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, in June One thousand seven- hundred-anrd fifty-six, a Society, was instituted under

certain Regulations for fitting and placing out Men and Boys to the Sea Service, and other chari- table Purpost s, commonly called The Marine Society which said Society, during the late War wi:a Fraud and Spain, and at differentTimes since the Conclusion thereof* by the voluntary Donations ami S jhfcriptions of charitable and well-disposed Persons (amongst other Charities) clothed and fitted out Frve thou--4 sand four hundred and fifty-one Landment to serve as Seamen on Board His MajestyVShips; and also clothed, fitted, and placed out as Servants or Apprentices to Officers in the King’s Ships, and to the Merchants Service at Sea, Six thousand three hundred and six Boys, whohad no vinblo Means of Sup- port, and who voluntarily offered themselves: And whereas Experience hath shewn, that the said So- ciety hath been hitherto of considerable Uic, and an Advantage to the Nation, and it is apprehended

that

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 67. 571

£ that the said Society, if countenanced and supported by the Laws of this Realm, and established upon

a refnectable and permanent Foundation, and vetted with proper Powers for enabling them to carry ' into Execution their charitable Designs, (that is to say), the fitting out and apprenticing, or placing f out, poor distressed Boys, tp and for the Service of the Royal Navy, and to and for the Service of

other Ships and Vessels, the Property of, and belonging to Subjects of the King of Great Britain,

would be of much more extonfive Use, and a ft ill greater Benefit and Advantage to these Kingdom*,

as being a Means of supplying His Majesty's Ships, in Time of War, with Seamen properly bred up

and qualified for that Service, and contributing to the commercial Interests of the Nation in Time of Peace; and also by assisting the inward Police thereof, in providing for the Idle, and consequently mot dangerous Members of Society: Bat as it is apprehended that these salutary Measures cannot be con- du&ed with any Degree of Vigour, nor these useful Ends attained in their full Extent, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable Robert Lord Romney Baron of Romney, the Right Honourable Robert Lord Clive Baron of Plajfty, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, Sir William Dolben Baronet, Sir George Pccoche Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, Barhw Trecothick, Beejhn Long, Thomas Nash, John Thornton, Esquires; the Right Honourable Thomas Harley, Sir William Alayne Baronet, the Honourable Charles Marsham, the Reverend Doctor GlcfT', Charles Gray, Richard Oliver, Anthony Bacon, John Julius Angcrjiein, Mi-chael Adolphus, Philip Ajpitl, John Blackburn, Frederick Bull, Thomas Bennett, Lewis Chcauvett, John Campbell, John Cornwall, John Dorrion, John Elliot, Freeman Flower, Jacob Gonjales, Fr ancle Gregg, Jonas Hanway, Thomas Han way, Robert Hunter, Michael James, John Lodge, John Levy,

James Matthias, Dofler Thomas Manningham, Timothy Mangles, Robert Nett let on, Gregory Olive,

George Peters, George PaterJ'jn, John Anthony Rucker, William Stead, John Smith, Robert Sherjon,

Andrew Thomson, Harry Vcrcljl, William Wood, Thomas Walker, James Warner, and Fowler lval~ her, Esquires; ttiai’, and they are hereby declared to be Governors; and that they, and their Sue-

cclfjrs, to be elected and named in Manner herein after ilireSed and appointed, shall be, and th y *te4>Ul€ir are hereby declared and adjudged to be One Body Corporate and Politick, in Deed and in Name, by the Name of The Marine Society: And that by the same Name they shall have perpetual Succession, and Tohaveperpc-a co:r.?ron S nl, with. Power to change, alter, break, and make new the same, when; and as often as SucccfTiofV,

they fhJl ju Pc the fa ne to be expedient, and that they and their Successors, by the same Name, may sue, and he sued, implead, and he impleaded, answer, and be answered unto, in all or any Court or Courts of Record and Places of Judicature within this Kingdom; and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in Law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, possess, and retain, for the Ends and Purposes of thL Acr, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been given, devised, or bequeathed, or shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, be paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, by any charitable or well-dispoicd Person or Persons, to and for the charitable Ends and Purposes in this Act mentioned,; and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall and may, at any Time «n<J may hereafter, without Licence in Mortmain, purchase, take, or receive, hold, and enjoy, any Lands or Te- chase nements, which shall or may, at any Time or Times, be found necessary for erecting Buildings, and making other Conveniences for the Purposes of assembling and holding the Courts and Meetings, and of executing and transacting other the Affairs and Business of the said hereby-erected Corporation for any Estate or Interest.

II# And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Corporation may, and they Corporation e# aire hereby impowered to clothe and fit out, and bind out Apprentice or Apprentices, or place out, as fit and bind o«t Servants to any of the commissioned or warrant Officers of His Majesty's Navy, or to any other of His APP«ntic«i* Majesty's Subjs.db, from Time to Time, any poor or distressed Boy or Boys that shall voluntarily offer him or themselves, not being then legally an Apprentice or Apprentices to any other Person or Persons whomsoever, with the Consent of the respective Parents, when known, of such Boys respectively, for such Term and Time, and upon such Conditions, ns the said Corporation shall think proper, so as no such Bov, {so to be bound or placed out as aforesaid shall be obliged to serve, or continue in such Apprenticeship or Service, longer than Seven Years.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right Honourable Robert Lord President, Romney, Baron of Romney, shall be, and he is hereby appointed President of the said Corporation; and that the said Robert Lord Clive, Sir William Dolben, Sir George Pococke, Barlow Trecothick, Beejhn Long, untl y?TTVen~ and Thomas Nalh, shall be, and they are hereby appointed the Vice Presidents; and that the said John Thornton shall be, and he is hereby appointed Treasurer of the said Corporation; and that the said Sir William Alayne, Charles Marsham, Doctor GlaJ/e, Charles Gray, Anthony Bacon, Michael Adolphus, Philip A flick, John Blackburn, Thomas Bennett, John Dorrien, Freeman Flower, Jacob Gonfales, Jonas Planway,

Robert Hunter, Michael James, John Lodge, John Levy, James Matthias, Timothy Mangles, Gregory Olive,

George Peters, John Smith, Robert Sherjon, Andrew Thomson^ Harry Vcreljl, William Wood, Thomas I Talker,

and Fowler Walker, shall be, and they aie hereby appointed a Committee for tr.anfadting and managing

the Affairs of the said Corporation: And the said Vice Presidents, Treasurer, and Committee, shall

continue for the Space of One Year only, unless respectively re-elected to the said respective Offices; c^maVce*«be

and the said President, or, in his Absence, One or more of the Vice Presidents, or the Treasurer, with elcdUd aunu* ly.

any Six or more of the other Mcmbeis of the said Corporation, or, in the Absence of the President,

and of all the Vice Presidents and Treasurer, any Seven or more of the said Governors, shall compote

572 G. 67.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

A general Court to be held quarterly.

BuGness of the annual general Court*.

The firstGene- a General Court: And the first General Court shall be held on the Twenty-fifth Day of June, One ral Court. thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, at their Office over the Royal Exchange; and shall then, and;

from Time to Time, be adjourned to such Times and Places as the Court shall think necessary for the due Execution of this Act: And a General Court of the Members of the said Corporation shall be held Four Times, at the feast. in every Year; (that is to say) On the Twenty-first Day of January* on the Twenty-first Day of April, on the Twenty-first Day of July, and on the Twenty-firit Day of October, tinless such respective Days shall happen to fall on a Sunday, and in that Case on the Day following, or oftener, if Occasion shall require; upon Notice thereof given, by the Order of any Five or more of the Members of the said Corporation, assembled at some Weekly Meeting, by publishing the same in the Lqndan Gazette Five Days at lead before the holding every such Court: And a General Court shall be held in the Month of February in every Year, a like Notice whereof shall be given; at which Court Six Vice Presidents, a Treasurer, and a Committee, f such Committee to consist of such Number of the Governors of the said Corporation as such General Court shall think necessary), and the Officers and Servants of the said Corporation shall be elected for the ensuing Year and the Governors of the said Corporation, assembled at any such General Court as aforesaid, or the major Part of them so assembled, but not less than Seven such Governors, shall have full Power and Authority, in the Name of the said Corporation, and on their Account, to apply and dispose of the Monies al« FWr to apply rcacjy given, and which shall from Time to Time be contributed and given by any Persons or Person C anty oney, Qn Account of any such Charity, and all other Monies belonging or to belong to the said hereby-ereefted Corporation, to and for the Purposes aforesaid, and to, for, or in any other Purpose, Way, Matter, or Thing, relating to the said Charity, and for the Benefit thereof, at their Discretion; and with an I under their Common Seal, to enter into any Covenants and Contracts for the Purposes aforesaid, or for any other Purpose or Purposes for the better effecting and carrying on the Charitable Uics id to do all the and Designs aforesaid; and to do, manage, and transact, and determine all such other Matters and M.itters nrc«f« Things, as shall to them appear necessary and convenient for the effecting or carrying on the Purposes fary, and dele- aforesaid; and shall and may delegate such Powers and Authorities to the said Committee as they shall PowCTs^Cotn- ^ink necessary, for the more easy, fpueedy, and effectual Execution of this Act: And it shall and may jjvtcT: And to*" be lawful to and for the Governors of the said Corporation, in a General Court assembled only, or the ord«r and dispose major Part of them so assembled, but not less than Seven such Governors, to order and dispose of of the Use of the Custody of the said Common Seal, and the Use and Application thereof; and to make, ordain, the common and constitute such and so many Bye-laws, Constitutions, and Ordinances, as to them, or the greated: m?ke^Byelaws. ^art t^ern t^ien anc* ^ere present, but not less than Seven such Governors, shall seem necessary and aye aws. convenjentj touching, or in anywise concerning the Affairs and Business of the said hereby-ereSed Corporation and the same Bye-laws, Constitutions, and Ordinances so made, to put in Use and enforce accordingly, and at their Will and Pleasure to revoke, change, an 1 alter the same, or any of them; which said Bye-laws, Constitutions, and Ordinances so as aforesaid made, shall he duly kept and observed, provided the same be reasonable, and not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes Customs, Me Bye-laws to or Laws, of this Kingdom, or any of the express Regulations of this Act.

b" fanning, un-

IV. Provided nevertheless, That no such Bye-law, Rule, Order, or Ordinance, shall be binding, or less confirmed by have any Force or Effect, until the same shall have been agreed to, and confirmed by, the next fuc- a succeejing ceec}ing General Court, whether annual, quarterly, or extraordinary; and that the same Method shall be observed in altering or repealing any such Rye-laws Rules, Orders, or Ordinances.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer for the Time being of the said hereby-erected Corporation, and he is hereby aufho-rifed and require I, from Time to Time, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Committee hereof for the Time being, or the major rart of such Committee, to be testified in Writing under

Money to be their Hands, to lay out and invert: all or any such Sum or Sums of Money, as hath or have been given, given for the devised, or bequeathed, or shall, at any Time or Times hereafter* be paid, given, devised, or be-Purposes in this questhed by any charitable or well-disposed Person or Persons, to and for the charitable Ends, Intents, Aa mentioned, anj Purposes in this Add mentioned, or any Part thereof, other than and except such and so much »* thtExi^orles ^ereof the Exigencies of the said. Corporation shall call for the immediate Application or Expen-of the CorV*»- diture of, in any of the Publick Funds, in his own Name, and, from Time to Time, with such Con-tion shall require sent and Approbation as aforesaid, to alter and transfer such Funds, and make Sale thereof.

Ill any of the

VI. And it is hereby ennded and declared, That the Monies arising from or by such Sale or Sales, or so much thereof as shall not be again laid out and inverted with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, in some other of the P-ihiick Funds, and also all the Dividends, Interest, and annual Proceed, which shall, from Time to Time, arise from such Funds, shall from Time to Time, be applied to and for the Uses, Ends, Intents, and Purposes, in this Act mentioned.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the filled upat a uc- Death or Resignation of the President, 01 of a Vice President, or Treasurer, of the said Corporation, ncnl Court. it. shall and may be lawful to and for the Governors of the said Corporation, at any General Court, or the major Part of them then there present, but not less than Seven such Governors, to nominate ami appoint a President, Vice President or Vice Prertdents, or Treasurer, in the Room of the President, Vice President or Vice Prendents, or Treasurer, so depart d, »r having resigned.

VII. And, to the Intent that there never m.ry b w.irtteg a competent Number of Governors of the said hereby-erected Corporation, and for perpei nni - u Sue*' So.* thereof, be it further enacted

general Court, Power for the Treasurer, with Consent of the Committee, to

publick FunaJ, Mon.es a. i(ing by such Sa\<5, Pividen is, &c. to be applied for th" Purposes of this Mi. Vacancy to be

Pire&ion touching »h;* Elation

Ol Miviwtt; j.

by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and

dil

Governors of the laiJ Corporation,

A.D. 1772'.-

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 67. 573,

poration, at such General Court, or the greater Part of them that shall be present at any such General Court to be held as aforesaid, but rrot lets than Seven such Governors* to cleft and choose some other fit and able Person or Persons to be a Governor or Governors of the said hereby-erected Corporation, in the Room or Place of such of the Persons before mentioned, or to be from Time to Timeefefted’

Governors as aforesaid. as shall happen to depart this Life, or shall refuse to continue and remain, to be Governor or Governor;. t Questiam

IX. And be it tiKtn. 1 enacted, That all Questions upon the Proceedings of the said Corporation, at General c®urt,

any General Court or Committee, shall be decided by Vote; and in case of an Equality ot Voices, the or Committee/ President or’Chairman shall h vc the cubing Vote; and upon Demand of any Five Governors of the to be decided by said Corporation ^resent at such General Court or Committee respectively, the same shall be determined Vote, unlef* by Ballot, to be immediately proceeded upon and completed* mand faflor,

and there to bt determined accordingly.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Governors of the said Corporation, at a General Court, or General Coart the major Part of them present at such General Court, but not less than Seven such Governors, shall impowered to fill have Power, from Time to Time, and at all Times, to fill up any Vacancy or Vacancies in the Com- jy Vacanciam mittee, and appoint such other Officers and Persons as they shall think n.xeflary to employ for the Pur- t^Snt^uchOfi. poses, and in the Execution of this Act, and from Time to Time, to suspend or remove all such Of- faers, &c. a* ficers and other Persons or any of them, as they shall think fit, and appoint others in case of Death, HullbeneceOary, or such Suspension or Removal; and may, out of the Monies to be received for the Purposes of this and to remote Act, make reasonable Allowances to such Officers ind other Persons for their Services: And it shall ^nd toaflow*"*-and may be lawful to and for the said Committee so to be appointed, or any Five or more of them, at tkem reasonable any weekly or other Meeting, to suspend or remove any such Officers and other Persons, and to ap- Salaries Com-point others in case of Death, or such Suspension or Removal, until a General Court shall be held; mittee at their and the Governors of the said Corporation, at any such General Court, or the major Part of them then present, but not less than Seven, may confirm such Appointment or Appointments, or may remove j

such Officers or other Persons, and appoint others in their Room, as they (half think fit; and all and to suspend or re-

every such Officers and other Persons Avail, from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said move Officers,

Committee, or any Five or more of them, make and render to the said Committee, or any Five or &c. and appoint-

more of them, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing, under their respective Hands, upon

Oath, to be taken before Two or more of the said Committee, (which Oath any Two of the said

Committee are hereby impowered to administer), of all Monies which he, (he,x>r they, and every of

them respectively, shall to that Time have received, paid, and disbursed by virtue of this Act, or by

reason of their respective Offices; and in case any Money so-received shall remain in their or any of

their Hands, the lame shall be paid to the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and in case any such Officer, or other Person, fh .11 not make and render, or shall refuse to verify, upon Oath, any such Account, or to make-

such Payment as aforesaid, then any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of-

Middlesex, or for the City of London, shall and may, upon Complaint to him or them, make Inquiry

of and concerning such Default in a summary Way, (as well by Confession of the Parties themselves, as

by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witness'es upon Oath, which Oath the said

Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) j and if any such Officer1 or Person (halt he convicted of any such Offence, such Justice or Justices shall, upon such Conviction, commit the Party offending to the Common Gaol of the County of Middlesex, or of the City -of London, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or she shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he or she shall have compounded and agreed with the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, and have paid such Composition^money; which Composition the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make.

Xi. Provided always and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Treasurer for the Tretfiirer to Time being of the said Corporation ftlai! not be obliged to account with such Committee, or any of *Ce* them, but shall give in his Accounts, from Time to Time, when required, at a General Court, there ®er»Court* to be examined, and allowed or disallowid, and Avail pay over all the Monies remaining in his Hands, and transfer all the Funds (landing in his Name, as Treasurer aforesaid, to the Treasurer immediately succeedi; g him, on Demand.

XII. And for the Encouragement of such as shall be Benefactors to the said Charity, be it enacted PeTfonsg^iag '

by the Authority alorftaid, That if any Person shall, at One Payment, pay into the Hands of the 1*

Treasurer of the find Corporation for the Time being, or such Person as shall be deputed for receiving °n*

the fame, the full Sum of Twelve Pounds Twelve Shillings, or shall subscribe and pay the yearly Sum jg^An- of Two Pounds Two shillings for the Space of Eight Years, for the Use of the said Corporation, num, toh*ve every such Person shall be capable of being elected a Governor of the said Corporation. Preference of

being Governor,

XIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That every Person and Persons who, in consequence tnd have equal

of such Payment as aforesaid, or in pursuance of any Bye-law hereafter to be made, shall be duly Howcn with chosen and efted a Governor of the f.;d Corporation, shall, from and after such Election, be, to ail these infcxted In Intents and Purposes, a Governor of the said Corporation, as fully and cft’cftually as if the Name or1^1

Names of such Pci foil and Persons was or wcie inserted and included in this Act*

574- c. 67.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Piece of Paper or Parchment,

Boys Age to be mentioned*

No such Appcen tic*, or Servant, to be impressid, &c. until x$ Years old, Person* serving

indenture to be ' XIV. An Abe it. eijaSed by the Authority aforesaid, Thatcvjery Indenture whereby any Child or; o^sing!eStamptcj>iljren respectively shall, frorp and after the Twenty-fifth Day otjune^ One thotifiuid fevea hundred and seventy-two, be bound an Apprentice or Apprentice*, Qr otherwise placed out determined by the said Corporation, shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, although the lame be not stamped with any other Stamp thaq a single Sixpenny Stamp; and that the Age of every such Child or Children Hull be mentioned in their Indentures, which Age shall be taken to be their true Aee, fb far as regards thit present Act, or any Matter or Thing herein contained, without any further Proof thereof; any Law, CuJ tom, or Usage, to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That bn such Apprentice or Apprentices, Servant or Servants, so to be bound or placed out as aforesaid, shall be impressed into His Majesty's Service at Sea, or into the Sea Service of His Majesty's Heirs or Successors, until such Apprentice or Apprentices, Servant or Servants respc£iively, shall arrive to the Age of Eighteen Years.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Person and Persons as shall such Apprentice- be bound out an Apprentice or Apprentices to the Sea Service, and shall, serve out their respective Ap-ivan£,°m^exer- Pr£nticeship$, not being for a less-Time than Four* Years, may set up and exercise such Trade or cifeTradei, " Business as they are apt and able for, in any Town or Place within the Kingdoms o( Great Britain or

Ireland, without any Let, Suit, or Molestation of any Person or Persons whomsoever, for or by reason of the using of such Trade or Business: And if any such Person or Persons who shall have been so bound as aforesaid, and shall have served out their respective Apprenticeships as aforesaid, shall be sued, impleaded, or indicted in any Court whatsoever within the said Kingdoms, or either of them, for using orexerciling any such Trade or Business as aforesaid, then such Person or Persons who shall have been so bound as aforesaid, and shall have served out their respective Apprenticeships as aforesaid, making it appear to the same Court where they are respectively so sued, impleaded, or indicted, that they respectively have been so bound as aforesaid, and have served out their respective Apprenticeships as aforesaid, shall upon the General Issue pleaded, be found not guilty in any Plaint, Bill, Information or Indi&menf, exhibited against them respectively; and such Persons respectively, as notwithstanding this Act, shall prosecute their said Suit by Bill, Plaint, Information, or Indictment, and shall have a Ver-dldl pass against them respectively, or Become nonsuit therein, or difeontiaue the said Suit, shall pay unto such Person or Persons refj>e£Hvcly who shall have been 10 bound aforesaid, and shall have served out their respective Apprenticeships as aforesaid, and shall be so sued, impleaded, or indi&dd. Double Costs of Suit; to be recovered as any other Costs at common Law may be recovered; and all Judges and Jurors before whom any such Suit, Information, or Indictment shall be brought, and all other Persons whomsoever, are to take Notice of this present Act, and shall conform themselves thereunto, any Statute, Law, Ordinance, Custom, or Provision, to the Contrary in anywise notwithstanding. Tof^fcnring

XVII. Provided always, That this Act shall not in anywise be'prejudicial to the Privileges of the C^fodaad Com^ Universities of Cambridge and Oxford, or either of them, or extend to give Liberty to any Person to set bridge. *"* up the Trade of a Vintner, or to fell any Wine, or other LtqUors, within the said Universities, or either of them, without Licence first had and obtained from the Vice Chancellors of the same respectively.

justices to deter-

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Two or more Justices of the mine Comphints Peace, in their respective Counties, and dwelling in or near any of the Ports aforesaid, and all Mayors,

The Society to recover the Mo- c Jiey bequeathed < by Mr. Hickes’* Testament.

between Masters Aldermen, Bailiffs, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of any City, Borough, or Town corporate, ^nd Apprentices. in or near adjoining to such Port or Ports to which any such Ship or Vessel aforesaid, having any such Apprentice or Servant on Board, shall at any Time arrive, shall have fulT Power and Authority, and are hereby authorised and impowered to inquire into and examine, hear and determine, all Complaints of hard and ill Usage from the several and respective Masters to such their Apprentice and Apprentices, Servant and Servants, so to be bound and placed as aforesaid, and respectively to make such Orders therein as now they are, and hereafter may be enabled by Law to do in othe^ Cases between Matters and Apprentices, or Servants, in this Act.

XIX. And whereas, under and by virtue of the Last Will and Testament of William Hides, late a Member of the Company of Merchants Adventurers of England, residing in the City of Hamburgh, and of a Decree or Decretal Order of the High Court of (Jhancery of Great Britain, bearing Date the Twenty-third Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and sevenry, made in a certain cause, wherein His Majesty's Attorney General, at the Relation of the said John Thornton Esquire, on the Behalf of himself and the other Members of the said Marine Society \ and also the said other Members and Informants and Plaintiffs,^and Charles fohnflone and others, are Defendants; the said Society is intituled to Eleven full and equal Twentieth Parts, (the Whole unto Twenty equal Parts to bedi- vided), of the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, in case the Estate and Effects of the said William Hides will extend to pay the same: And whereas, in respeil of what the said Society are so intitled unto, there is now (landing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, ift the Nam of the Accomptant General of the said Court of Chancery, and to the Credit or the said Cause, in Trull for faici flavine Society the Stimof Five thousand five hundred and fevemy-one Pounds, Twelve Shillings and Four-pence, Bank Three per Centum, Consolidated Annuities, the Dividends of which are applied to effect the charitable Deligns of the said Society, pursuant to the said Will and Decree: Now,’ it is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of Five thousand hundred and seventy-one Pounds, Twelve Shillings and Four-pence, Bank Three per Centum Consolidated Annuities, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money to which the said Marine Society is or may be inutied, under, or by virtue of the said Will and Decree, or Decretal 2 Order,

A.D. 1772. Anno diKxJedrrio Georgii III. C. 68. 57$

Order, together with the IntereiL Dividends, and Produce thfereof, shall be, and !s and are hereby fully and absolutely vested in the said hereby-ere&ed Corporation j and that the said Corporation, at,

any General Court or Coarts, to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall have, and the same is hereby vetted with, full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to apply and dispose thereof, and of every or any Part thereof, to and for the charitable Purposes of the said Corporation, pursuant to the Will of the said William Hides.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought, or Suit commenced, against Limitation any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premises, or Aaioni. any of them, every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within Six Months next after, in the County or Place where the Fadl was done, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in

such Action, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at General Iffye*

any Trial to be had thereupon, arnd that the same was done in puffuance, and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit 612II be brought

within the Time before limited, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-

suit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions; or if a Verdict shall pass

against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the said Defendant shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering Double Cost*<

the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Coils in other Cases by Law.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken-PuMick Act to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without specially pleading the same,

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, which is in the County of Middlesex; and for paving, cleansing, lighting* watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lane?, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and open Passages and Places, within the same; and for removing Annoyances therefrom; and for making the Communication between Charter-house Square and Saint John Street, through Charter-house Lane, more convenient.

WHEREAS the Poor of that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre which lieth in the County of Pmsfcki.

Middlesex are become very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a very great £x- pence: And whereas the giving proper Powers for the governing, regulating, employing, and main- taining the said Poor, would be a Means of their being more effectually relieved and provided for 5 4 and be of great Ease and Convenience to the Parishioners: And whereas the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and open Passages and Places within that Part of the said Parish, are not properly paved, nor sufficiently cleansed, lighted, or watched; and several of the Houses in feme of the said Streets or Places are frequently annoyed by Water, for want of proper Sewers or Drains, and it would tend greatly to the Safety, Preservation, and Benefit of the Inhabitants of that Part of the said Parish, and all other Persons having Occasion to resort thereto, if the same were properly paved, cleansed, drained, and lighted, and the Obstructions and Annoyances removed therefrom, and an able Watch kept therein in the Night-time: And whereas the Passage leading from Charter-house Square to Saint John's Street, known by the Name of Charter-house Laney is very narrow and incom- modious to Passengers, and the widening thereof would be a great Advantage thereto, and to all Persons passing through the same; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted / atidt be it enacted by the King’smost Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Vicar of the said Parish Church, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the Time being, of that Part of the said Parish which* lieth in the County of Middlesex, and all other Inhabitants of the said Part of the said Parish who shall rent a Messuage, Lands, or Tenements, of Ten Pounds a Year, or upwards, therein, and none others,:.

shall be Vestrymen of the said Part of the said Parish for the Time being; and the said Vestrymen are a List of BJ|b* hereby authorised and required to assemble and meet together in the Vestry-room belonging to the said Vestrymen to Part of the said Parish, for the First Time, on the Second Turfday after passing this Act, and afterwards «* annually on Easter Tuejdayi or within Ten Days after, and, they being Twelve in Number at the least, VtfoJ* the major Part of them then present shall then and there make out a List of Eight fit and proper Persons, being Vestrymen, and inhabiting within the said Part of the said Parish, to be Overseers of the Poor there, which Lift Tall be returned to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of

Middlesex, at a petty Sessions to be held for that Purpose; and publick Notice shall be given in the*

Parish Church, on me Sunday next preceding the holding of such Pfetty Sessions, of the Time and Place of holding the same; and out of which Lift the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them then petty Sessions*0* present, shall nominate and appoint Four Persons to be Overseers of the Poor for the said Part of the out or whom’ said Parish, for the Year then next ensuing; and in case such. Petty Sessions shall not he' held' v ithin Justirrs «e to ap^ Fourteen Days alter such List shall have been so made out as aforesaid, or the Justices at such Petty pwnrFowQver*

Sessioiis*"*

576 C. 68.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

£. D. 1772.

Vestrymen to ascertain the ‘Money to be raised for the Relief of the Pcorj

and withifl 14 Day* after to meet again, and to make One general Pound-- rate for that /Pjprpolc.

Notice to to be given of the Rates, and of the Time and Phce of hearing Appeal*

Sessions shall neglect or refuse to act in the Premises, then the said Vestrymen shall make such Nomination and Appointment as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the said First Meeting of Vestrymen, or at their future Annual or other Meetings, appointed as aforesaid, or at any other Meeting or Meetings which they shall think proper to hold for the following Purposes j of all which rel'pedive Meetings, Eight Days Notice shall be given, on a Sunday, in the Parish Church; the said Vestrymen, or the major Part of them, so assembled, such major Part not being less thanNine, shall, and they are hereby required, then and there, and from Time to Time, to f ttle and ascertain what Monies shall beaf-sessed within the Limits of that Part of the said Parish, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor therein, and for carrying this Act into Execution, with relation thereto: And at some Meeting, to be held within Fourteen Days after such Monies shall have been so ascertained, the said Vestrymen, or the major Part of them, so met, such major Part not being less than Seven, shall, and are hereby required to make One general equal Pound-rate, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Part of the said Parish, upon all and every Person or Persons who do and shall inhabit, hold, occupy, or enjoy, any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, or any other Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within that Part of the said Parish, and on every other Person who by Law is chargeable and assessable for and towards the Relief of the Poor within that Part of the said Parish; all which Rates shall be entered in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, wherein -there shall be Four distinct Columns for the Four Quarters of the Year and a Fifth for the Sum To-»tal of the said Four Quarters, over against the Name of every Person charged to the said Rate, for the more easy Collection thereof; which laid Rate, together with all Arrears then due, shall be collected Quarterly from the said Inhabitants and Occupiers by the Overseers of the Poor for the said Part of the said Parish for the Time being; and in case of any Deficiency, the same shall be made good by aRe-assessment to be rated and collected in Manner as herein directed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any such Rate shall have been so made. Notice thereof, and also of the Time and Place for hearing Appeals, shall be given in the said Parish Church on the Su idjy next after the making thereof; and in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by fuci Rate, he, she, or they, may, upon the Day expref-Jed in.such Notice, appeal therefrom to Two or more Justices of the Peace eliding in the County of Middlesex aforesaid; and such Justices are hereby impowered and required to hear every such Appeal, and to determine the same in such Manner as to them shall seem just.

SwkhtheDc-

IV. Provided nevertheless, That if any Person or Persons shall be dissatisfied with the Determination termination of of such Justices, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them, upon giving Notice to such Justices within the Justices, may Six Days then next following, to appeal from such Determination to the then next General or Quarter-appeal tat he sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Middlesex; and the Justices, at their said Gene- Quartetfefliom. r^] Cr Quarter-sessions, shall make such order therein as to them shall seem meet.

Where Houses c V. And whereas there are divers Houses within the said Part of the said Parish which are let in fe-^artmentrrate Parate Apartments, and other Houses let feady-furnished to Lodgers, and others let to the poorer rth^Landlord to $on of People, at Rents under Ten Pounds a Year, whereby the Payment of the said Rate may be be charged with ‘ evaded; for Remedy whereof,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person, the Rate. whether Landlord or Tenant, who shall let out his or her House or Houses rn separate Apartments, or ready-furnished, to a Lodger or Lodgers, or under the Rent of Ten Pounds a Year, shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers.of such House or Houses, and may be rated and assessed ac-The Occupier i* core^,no^y> an<^ shall be liable and subject to the Payment of the Sum so rated or assessed.

;to pay the Rate, VI. And, for the more easy Recovery of the said Rate,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every Person and Persons, so renting or occuoying any separate Apartment in such House or Houses, or renting or occupying any ready-furnished House, or any House under the Rent of Ten Pounds a Year, shall be liable and compellable to the Payment of the same, to be recovered in Manner herein after directed; and all and every such Occupier, who shall pay such Rate, or from whom the same shall be recovered, in the Manner herein after directed, shall and may dedud the same from and out of the next Rent due and payable from him or her to the respective Landlord or Ow.ner; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge for so much Money as he of the shall have so paid, or as shall have been levied on his or her Goods and Chattels in pursuance of this Act. f

VII. Provided always, That no Rate shall be made for the Relief or Employment of the Poor with-LandWds not to in the said Part of the said Parish, other than is in and by this Act directed and authorised. bettfcired foT-Mi—.

VIII. Provided also, That no such Landlord or Owner shall be charged with, or liable to pay for any increased Rent reserved or made payable to him for or on account of his paying such Poors Rates.

c IX. And for the better and more effectual railing and recovering the Rates directed to be made by this 4 Aft, for the Purposes of the Poor,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid/Fhat in case any of the Inhabit ints. Occupiers, Lessees, or Owners of any such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach, houses, Stables, or other Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Part of the l aid Patift of Saint Sepulchre, dial] refuse or neglect to pay the Money rated and assessed upon him, her, or them respectively, and all Arrears thereof, it shall he lawful for the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, by Warrant under tlu* Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, (which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to grant, in any Place within the fnd County, or out of the Limits, thereof, such ^Variant being iirft backed or coumersigned by fume Magistrate in the County, City, or Liberty, where the

and deduct it Out of the Rent*

fTo other Poor* Rate to be made.

ereased Ren’s on; r bet'Account. Rates may be levied by Dill refs.

A.D.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 68. 577

J772'

the Rate is to be recovered, which Warrant such Magistrate is hereby required to back or countersign without Fee or Reward), to collect and levy such Rates, and all Arrears due thereon, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, wheresoever the same shall or may be found; and if within Four Days next after such Distress shall be made, the said respective Rates, and all Arrears 4ue thereon, shall not be paid, together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the same, the said Overseer or Overseers shall cause the Goods and Chattels to be sold, or such Part tncieof, as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rates, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus, and the Goods and Chattels remaining (if any be) unto the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold.

X. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no aft, Ord?r, or Deter- "

mination of the said Vestrymen, shall be valid, unless done or made at a puhlii k Meeting to be held determined by i^Mcctin^ virtue of this Act, in the Workhouse, or some other Place within the said Part of (the fiid Parish, to to act.

be from Time to Time appointed by the said Vestrymen; at which Meetings, all the Powers and Authorities by this Act veiled in such Vestrymen shall and may, from Time to Tim?,’ be exercised by the major Part of them who shall attend any fuel) Meeting, the Number of such Vestrymen present not being less than Five, (except where a greater Number is declared necessary by this Act); and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of such Vestrymen, present at such p iblick Meetings, dial have the same Force and Effect as if done or made by all such Vestrymen for the Time being; and all Vestrymen shall, at all their Meetings, defray their own Expences., v-

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Vestrymen shall and may p^Viaws for

from Time to Time, make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the better Dispofuion of such Mr- Government of nies as shall be raised and received for the Relief c>f the Poor of that Part of the said Parish, and for the the Poor, better maintaining, governing, employing, and regulating such Poor, as to them the said Vestrymen shall which are not to appear necessary or expedient; but no such Rules, Ordeis, or Regulations, shall be in Force until con- 'Infirmed* firmed by the said Vestrymen at a subsequent Meeting, or the major Part of them who shall so assemble Nottobealtcr-such major Part of them not being less than Seven, and if at Time any such Rules, Orders, anARegu- ed afterwards but lations, when made *nd confirmed, shall be repealed or altered by the said Vestrymen, such Repeal or *n Vestry, Alteration shall not be valid or take Place until approved and confirmed by the Majority of Vestrymen wh-ch shall be at a subsequent Meeting to be held for that Purpose, such Majority not being less than Nine. provcTarVfub.

iequent Meeting.

XII. Provided always, That no such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, shall be repugnant to the No Rules to be

Laws of this Realm. repugnant to

Law.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Vestrymen shall, and are Vefttym nmay hereby impowered to keep, maintain, and employ, all such Poor of that Part of the said Parish in any employ the P«oq* Workhouse or Workhouses erected, or to be erected, in that Part of the said Parish; and to take the *nd a>'P1* th* Benefit of the Work, Labour, and Service, of every such Person or Persons who shall be kept and o^he Rates] maintained in such House or Houses, to be applied towards the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor «nd contra^ for of that Part of the said Parish; and the said Vestrymen, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby ProWiion?, &>c. impowered to purchase, or contract and agree, from Time to Time, as they shall think fit, with any or for their Korp-Person or Persons, for all Provisions, Necessaries, and Materials, of what Kind soever, which shall be ,n* *°d used or brought into the said Workhouse, or for the lodging, keeping, maintaining, or employing all or any such Poor.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Overseer or Overseers of the Overseers of»he Poor for the Time being, of the said Part of the said Parish, island are hereby authorised and required, F?°r V1,y from Time to Time, to disburse and pay, out of the Monies to be raised and collected by Authority of ^e^c on such this Act, all such S«m and Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or which coutrafts.

shall become due or payable upon such Contrafts or Agreements; which Sum or Sums, so paid, shall be allowed him or them in his or their Accounts respectively.

XV. And whereas many Persons, maintained in publick Workhouses, refuse to work, or are Vestrymen t#

guilty of profane cursing and Swearing, Drunkenness, or^nher Misbehaviour, and by the Laws now the Foor in being no Puniftimenc can be inflicted upon them without committing them to the House of Cor- ^mthcnw rest ion or Common Gaol, which Commitments have not been found to answer the Purpose thereby fclvcg- intended be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any poor Person, maintained in any Workhouse or Workhouses belonging to that Part of the said Parish, shall embezzle or purloin any Part of the Apparel provided for the Poor, or of the Goods or Provisions provided for or belonging to the said Workhouse or Workhouses, or any Materials for Work, or be guilty of profane Cursing, Swearing, Drunkenness, or of any lewd, immoral, or indecent Behaviour, or refuse or neglect % to perform the Work or Service which he or she shall be required to do, or shall be remils therein, it shall be lawful for the said Vestrymen toluufc such Person or Persons so offending to be punished in such Workhouse, either by moderate Correction, Confinement, distinguished in Dress, or such other Method as may best^tend to remedy such Offences for the future, without committing such Offenders to the House of Correction or other Prifoji; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas divers Children, deserted by their Parents, are frequently wandering and beg- Children

ng, and not able to give any Account of themselves, or the Place of their legal Settlement, which U

Children, jf properly employed and inured to a habit of Industry, might be furnished with Means

c.

578 C. 68.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

to forfeit 40f» to be levied by Difhefs.

Fdr-want of Distress to be committed.

Accounts to be

*nd to be 5n-spetfed "without fee.

Commissionerf

for their future Maintenance, and instead of being aNuifance, be rendered useful to the Publickj* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Vestrymen, or any One or more of them, to cause such Child or Children as he or they shall judge to be under the Age of Twelve Years, who shall be found wandering or begging in the said Part of the said Parifc, to be taken and sent to any of the Workhouses belonging to the said Part of the said Parish, there to be detained and kept until of and employed until he or (lie shall attain, (or in case his or her Age cannot be ascertained) until he or of Age, or till (he shall be adjudged by the said Vestrymen to have attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, or be mar-marned; ried,*unless sooner discharged by the said Vestrymen, or by due Course of Law; and it shall thobe and Persons, till lawful for the said Vestrymen, or any One or more of them, to cause such Person or Persons as shall be LawUr£Cd by found wandering or begging, or misbehaving themselves in the said Part of the said Parish, to be sent to aw* the Workhouse, there to be detained and employed for so long Time as the said Vestrymen shall thinlc

and punifced for proper, or until they shall be discharged by due Course of Law; and in case of any Misbehaviour of any Misbehaviour, luth Person or Persons so sent as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to punish such Offenders in Manner heie-in-before mentioned, with respect to the Poor within the said Workhouse.

Force'wherenot* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Laws relating to the

hrred byCthu° Overseers of the Poor, and for the Relief and providing for the Poor, shall continue in Force within Athe said Part of the said Parish of Saint Sepulchre, except where the same are altered by this present Act; any Thing in this present Act contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Person* buying or

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall taking m pawn knowingly buy or receive into Pawn any of the Clothes or Wearing Apparel of any of the Poor who cl the* or Mate* shall hereafter be received into, and maintained, in such Workhouse, or who shall knowingly buy or mi5» receive into Pawn any of the Goods or Materials carried into the said Workhouse, or any other House or Place, in order to be wrought up, manufactured, or used by the Poor of the said Part of the said Parish, 6r any of the Goods and Furniture of the said Workhouse, the Person or Persons so offending,

and being thereof convicted by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath of any One or more

credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to administer) shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor: And if any Offender shall not, upon such Conviction pay the same, the said Justice or Justices shall cause the Money so forfeited, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, and the Overplus, (if any), after such Forfeiture, and Charges of the Distress and Sale are deduced and paid, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction for the County of Middlesex, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding One Month, uw-less such Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Account of the total Sums af-eniwedinBook*, felled, collected, and received, within the said Part of the said Parish for the Purposes of the Poor, and of all Monies paid and disbursed for all or any of those Purposes, shall be fairly entered in a Book or ' Books, to be provided for that Purpose by the Vestry Clerk of the said Parish for the Time being, or such other Person as the said Vestrymen shall appoint;, and, on or before the Fifteenth Day of June yearly, shall be examined, adjusted, and signed, at a Meeting of the Vestry duly assembled, or a Committee appointed by the Vestry for that Purpose, the Person or Persons passing such Accounts being previously (worn to the Truth of his or their Accounts; which said Book or Books, and Accounts, (h 11 be lodged in such proper Place as shall Be appointed by the said Vestrymen, under the Care of the said Vestry-clerk, or such other Person as aforesaid; and all which Books, and also the Bookor Books containing the Rates herein-before authorised to be made, shall and may, at all seasonable Times, be in-speCied and perused by any of the Inhabitants of the said Part of the said Parish, who shall deftre the same, without Fee or Reward.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That John Morse, Philip JackJ<on, Thomas Barclay John William Anderfm, Joseph Barr, John H>rri[on, Esquiret; the Reverend Edward Pickard, Thomas Roberts, William Staggs Samuel Hawkins, Joseph Smithy Richard Smithy William Li I ley, William. Loveday, George Fiilinghaui, Benjamin GUive, George Stow, Thomas Hurford, Paul Cauldive If, William Dunkiey, William Par doe All at, John Steele, James Lucas, Matthew Boyle y Pierce Hall, Jofipb Nightengale, Richard Ivory, 1 Villi am Be/l, Joseph Clark, Bernard Be dwell, John Tales, Thomas Mtlward, William Hi Hiker, Apjley Pallet, John Waif on, Edward Guejl, William HueiJon. Eardley Norton, Henry Hurford, John Clay, James Draper, John Williams, John Scolhugh, John IVillshire, Edward Broughton, 71-

mas Bicker dyke, Joseph Left, John Blower, James Town fend, Samuel Ware, David Dean, and Matthew Robin fen, together with the Master, Register, Receiver, Ph^fician, and Schoolmaster of the Charter-house, shall be, and be called Commissioners for paving, repaning, cleaivfing, draining, ligatin ’, and watching, that Part of the said Parish of Saint Sepulchre, that is and lieth in the County of ALadlfx, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the futu e; and for widening the Lane called Charter-houJ'e Lane; and for other the Purposes of rhi:> Act, five and except so much thereof as relates to the governing, regulating, employing, and mainlining the Poor of the said Part of the said. Parish

TXL Ant

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 579

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as often as any Commissioner by Commissionert. this Act appointed, (except such as are Commissioners by virtue of their Offices)* or to be elected, shall howtobccka-dic, remove out of the said Part of the said Parish, or shall neglect to act for the Space of Twj Years,'*4*

it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect and appoint One other Person to be a Commissioner in the Room of the Commissioner so dying, removing, or neglecting to act, but Notice in Writing, or printed, and signed by the Clerk or Cl rks, shall be given to or left for such Commissioners, at their last or usual Place of Abode, One Day at lead before such Election; and all Persons who shall be so elected and appointed, (being qualified as herein after mentioned), are hereby veiled with the same Powers and Authorities as any Commissioner or Commissioners hereby appointed is or are vested with.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, 1'hat no Person shall be capable of acting as 2 nullification rf Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Commissioner*. Wife, in the aftu2l Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents, Issues, or Profits, of Freehold

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, or shall be Heir-apparent to some Person having such Estate, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or shall be possessed of, or intitled unto, a Personal Estate, to the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds: Penalty on Ac-And if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this ting ir not qua-. Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commis- Commissioneri fioner in the Execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hold.any Place of Profit, or enter into *oh°ldaPlaccof any Contraft, or have any Share or Interest in any Contraft relating to the Execution of any of the Fro‘l*

Powers of this Act; but such Commissioners as are Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, Jnftiee* mayafc, may nevertheless aft as Justices in the Execution of this Act, except in such Cases where they shall be interfiled; personally intcreffed; and in all Cases where Cognizance is given by this Act to anyjuffice or Justices of 4l^4m,ni^er the Peace, it shall be lawful for such Justice and Justices to administer an Oath to any Person or Per- *

Tons, for more certain Information in the Matter dep nding; and in all Cases where the Commissioners All Anions tote are hereby authorised or impowered to bring or inffitute any Action or Actions at Law, the same shall brought in the and may be brought and inffituted in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers appointed by N*rne of the the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act. Treasurer.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall meet together in the Vestry- First Meeting of room belonging to the said Part of the said Parish, on the Second Thursday next after the passing of Commissioners j this Act, b tween the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act; and shall and may then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn who have Power themselves to meet at the Place aforesaid, or at any other Place or Places within the said Parish* as adjourn; such Commissioners shall think proper or convenient, for putting this Act in Execution; and of which Adjournment Notice in Writing, or piinted, and signed by the Clerk or Clerks, shall be given to, or left for such Commissioners at their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, One Day at leafs before such intended Meeting: A nd if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting, which shall be appointed to be had or held by such Commissioners, a f jfBcientNumber of fjch Commissioners as are hereby appointed to constitute a Quorum, to act at such Meeting, and to adjourn to another Day; or in case the said Commissioners, when assembled, shall omit, neglect, or refuse to adjourn themselves; then, and in any such Case, the Clerk or lei ks of such Commissioners for the Time being shall, and is, and are hereby re-uired to summon such Commissioners to meet at the same Place within Ten Days, such Summons to be gned by the Clerk or Clerks, and to be delivered at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Commissioners, at leafs Two Days before such Meeting; and in case the said Clerk or Clerks fh .11 happen to die before such Summons issued, or shall neglect to issue such Summons in Manner as aforesaid, then the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to such Commissioners, shall and may, and he or they is and are hereby required to issue such Summons within Ten Days from the Time the said Commissioners ought to have been summoned by the Clerk or Clerks, in Manner aforesaid: And in case any Three or more of the and to cal:M*et-said Commissioners shall at any Time think it necessary that a Meeting of Com tv. i (Turners should be held any

before the Time appointed by virtue of any Adjournment, and shall Tignify the same in Writing to the J Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the Time being; then, and in every such Case, the said Clerk or Treasurer shall, and is hereby required to summon the Commissioners appointed by this Act to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was held, on a Day to be mentioned in the Summons, not being less than* Six Days from the Date thereof; and in every such Summons the particular Business intended to be done and transacted at such Meeting Hull he specified, and which Business the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, present at such Meeting, may do 2nd transift; but any Business done and transacted at such Meeting, other than what shall be specified in such Su n- CommiiTmne-s mons as aforesaid, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, void and of none Effect; and the Commis- to pay their own sioners shall at all their Meetings pay their own Expences. Expends.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all the Powers and Authorities Majority at pub-determined by this Act granted to or vested in such Commissioners, shall and may, from Time to Time, be excr- Issueuoguo eifed by the major Part of them who shall attend any Publick Meeting to be holden as herein-before aa»

58o 068.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Proceeding* to be entered io a Book,

to be read in Evidence.

Ni A‘l valid unlet's d-tnc at a publ.ck Meeting.

Commissione'* to

and to pay their Salaries.

Officer* faking larger Fee* than

mentioned, the Number of such Commissioners present at such Publick Meetings not being less than Five, (except where a greater Number is declared necessary by this Act); and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of such Commissioners, present at such Publick Meetings, shall have the same Force and Effect as if done or made by all such Commissioners for the Time being.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of such Commissioners, from Time to Time, shall be entered in a Bock or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the Chairman for the Time being at their next Meeting; and such Orders shall then he deemed and taken to be original Orders, and such Book or Books shall and may be produced, and read in Evidence, in all Courts whatsoever.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Act of such Commissioners shall be valid unless done or made at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, and confirmed at the next subsequent Meeting.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall appo/nt Officer*; an^ maY> by Writing under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time, as they shall find it necessary,

9 appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officer or Officers at they shall think proper, and shall take such Security as they shall think proper from such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers, for the due and faithful Discharge of their respective Offices; and likewise may, from Time to Time, remove any or either of such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or that shal] die; and the said Commissioners shall and may, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes herein after mentioned, pay, or cause to be paid, such Salaries, or other Allowances, as they shall judge reasonable to be paid or made to the Officers or other Persons so appointed, for and in connderation of his and their Office and Offices respectively; and to such other Person or Persons as have been or shall be aiding and assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, for any such Purposes.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Treasurer, Clerk, Collec-aiijvve/by Com- *or* Surveyor, or other Officer or Servant, which shall or may hereafter be appointed by the said Commissionen, missioners in the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, shall exact, demand, take, or accept any

Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries and Rewards as shall he appointed, allowed, and approved of by such Commissioners as aforesaid, for or on Account of any Thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this Act, or for foibearing to do any Thing ordered or directed by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or on any Account whatsoever relating to the Execution thereof, or shall any way be concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contraft made, or to be made, by such Commissioners, or any of them, for any of the Purposes intended by this Act; every Person so offending shall, for ever, be incableof fervingor being employed under the said Commissioners, and over and above forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, within Six Calendar Months, next after the Offence committed, wherein no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of all the present and future Pavements whatsoever, in all or any the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, whether Foot or Carriage-way, within the said Part of the said Parish of Saint Sc^uLhre, which is and lieth in the County of Middlesex, shall be, and the same is hereby vested in the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution; and they may cause all or any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, whether Foot or Carriage-ways, to be new*paved or repaired, and for such Purposes may cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into, the same or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials as they shall judge necessary; and may likewise cause the Ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the Course of the Gutters or Channels running in or through the same, to be turned or altered, new Grate? to the Common Sewers to be added or replaced, and in what Numbers or Places they shall think proper; and the Water-pipes which now lie, or hereafter shall be laid, under Ground to be taken up, and new laid in such Places, Manner, and Form as they shall judge best; and may cause all or any Ports or Rails in such Streets or Places within the limits aforesaid, as they shall judge uielcfs, or to be a Nuisance or Obstruction either to Foot-passengers or to Carriages, to be taken up and removed; and likewise all Steps, Bulks, Stalls, Dung-holes, Saw-pits, Shew-glaifes, and Shew-boaids, encroaching upon the Foot-way; as also all Steps and Doors opening or leading from the Foot-way or Carriage-way into Vaults, Cellars, or other Places, to be removed, filled up, or altered, as they the said Commissioners shall judge necessary.

Old Materials

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of all Stones, Ports, m*y be fdd. and ail and every Part and Parts of the old Materials, which shall Vftong to the old Pavement, as well of the Carriage as of the Foot-ways, shall be vested in the said Commissioners; and it shall be lawful for them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, by their Order, to sell and dispose of the same or

of all or any Part or Parts thereof, to such Person or Persons who shall be willing to buy or purchase the same, and to apply the Purchase money arising by such Sale to the Purposes of this Act, under the Direction of the faij Commissioners.

Ma^riiSa!so

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be

miy be nude use ]3. fu| for ;he Lid Commissioners to order ail or any of the said Old Materials to be made use of in

ol* pacing or repaying any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place, within the

Limits

to forfeit xool.

Pave m-n'sve fled fd the Commissioner*, who may cause the J tre *, &c. to be new paved.

A.D. 1772. Aono duodecimo Georgir III. C. 68. $8i

Limits a fore said; and the said Commissioner s may, from Time to Time, hire a Piece of Ground to convcv, lay, and dispose of, all or any of the said old Materials as aforesaid, for and until such Time as they mall have Occasion, or judge it necessary to use the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of the Stones, Property efpoftf, Posts, Lamps, Timber, Furniture, and other Materials and Things which shall be pure ha fed, provided, vested in

or made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall be, and the same is hereby verted in the said Com- Commissioner». missioners, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Afiions, or to prefer, or order and direct the preferring, of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, or Carry away any or any Part of such Materials or Things; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break up, destroy, or otherwise damage or spoil any of the said Materials or Things, or any of the Works done in pursuance of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, every Person so offending therein, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of One or moie Witness or Witnesses before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Mid-dlfjexy shall, for the First Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings; and for the Second and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds, nor less than wenty Shillings; to be levied and recovered by Distress and S. le of the Goods and Chattels of to b« hried *nd every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of the Justice or Dii* Justices before whom such Conviction shall be nvide; which Forfeiture shall be applied to the Purposes of Dif-

of this Act, under the Direction of the Commissioners: And in case the Person or Persons so offending, tref, offender to and convicted, shall have no Goods or Chattels, whereupon the same can be levied; then, and in every be committed, such Case respectively, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Person and Persons respectively to the House of Correction, there to remain for any Space not exceeding Two Calendar Months, nor less than Ten Days, to be reckoned from the Day of such Commitment; and the Person or Persons so incurring, and being convicted of any of the said pecuniary Penalties, shall not be discharged until he, she, or they shall have paid the Sum forfeited as aforesaid, or until the Expiration of the fad respective Times.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissionento Commissioners to hire a Piece or Pieces of Ground for the Purpose of digging Gravel for the better hire Ground for paving the said Streets, Squares, and Places, for such Time, and for such Sum and Suers of Money,

as to them shall appear reasonable; which Sum? and Sums of Money shall be paid out of the Monies hire*"" arising, or to arise, by virtue of this Act, under the Power of the said Commissioners; and also to workmen, buy such Carts, Horses, Teams, or Carriages, as /nay be necessary for the Purpose of carting such Gravel, or for paving and cleansing the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, or for any other Purpose directed by this Act; and shall and may buy such other Materials, and hire, order, and direct such and so nuny Paviors, Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, in the respective Works aforesaid, as they shall judge necessary for the due Execution of such Works, and make such Regulations concerning the same as they, in their Discretion, shall think proper, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and no Person or Persons, for any Act done in consequence of his or their being so employed by Order of such Commissioners, shall be subject or liable to any Action, Indictment, or Information, upon the Statute made in the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act containing divert Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, or Apprentices.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Commissioners Nine or more of them, may, and are hereby authorised and impowered, at any of their said Meetings, may contra for to contract with any fit Person or Persons for paving, keeping in Repair, cleansing and lighting all or cJeanfiing, iight-any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Yards, Passages, or Places; which Contract and Pav*ns* Contracts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the

Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be furtered in case of Nonperformance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, and also by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works respectively; which Contracts shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to such Commissioners; but, previous to the making of any such Contract, fourteen Days Notice at the leaf! shall be given in some publick Newspaper, expressing the Intention of such Contract, in order that any Person or Persons, willing to undertake the same, may make Proposals for that Purpose to the said Commissioners, at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,* That if any Person or Persons, other Perfooscarrying than the Scavenger contracting with or employed by the said Commissioners, or those employed under aw*jr Cindm, to him, shall, without the Privity and Consent of the Owner, carry away any Cinders or Afnes from anyforfcit 51*

House or other Premises, in any Square, Street, or Place, within the Limits aforesaid; such Person or Persons, so carrying away such Cinder^ or Ashes, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every such Offence.

XXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Person, who Ownertof c«ts shall carry away the Cinders or Ashes without being properly authorised by the Scavenger cannot be ap- to pay 51. for prehended, that then a like Penalty of Five Shillings shall be forfeited by the Owner of the Cart in which e3ch Offend, such Cinders or Ashes shall be placed, in order to be carried away.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lid Commissioners to cause all Work* to be and every the Work done in pursuance of this Act to be inspected by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or ,nfPe^tdSvr* by such other Person or Persons as tfiey (hal), from Time to Time, appoint; and in case the same shallvt)or5'

not

582 C. 68.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Commissioners may compound lor Brcacli of Contract.

Penalty on al-

ike. not exceeding 5l. nor less than 40 s.

Kotico to be given when pavements want Repair.

not be well and sufficiently performed, according to the Intent and Meaning of such Contract or Contracts, or shall not be finished and completed at or within the Time or Times that the same is or are agreed to be completed by the said Contraitor or Contractore 5 the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, shall report the same to the said Commissioners at their next or any subsequent Meeting, who shall or may thereon bring an Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law at ^/?-miri/lery against any Person or Persons so contracting and neglecting to perform any such Contract or Contracts, and for any Penalty or Penalties which shall be contained in such Contract or Contracts; and on Proof of the Signing of the said Contract or Contracts and Nonperformance thereof, at the Time or Times for that Purpose therein mentioned, the said Commissioners shall be inti tied, to, and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties; which, when recovered, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, under the Direction of the Commissioners.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That itihall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven er more of them, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against whom such Commissioners shall bring, or cause to be brought, any Action of Actions, Suit or Suits, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contract or Contracts made or entered intoinpurfu-anoe of this Act, on account of any Breach or Nonperformance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, so as the Sum so compounded and agreed upon be not less than the Injury or Damage fullained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall alter, or tering the Form cause to be altered, the Form of any of the Pavements in any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, of the Streets, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, which shall be new-paved by Order of such Commissioners, or in anywise encroach thereon, or put up any Poll or Ports, Step or Steps, to ereil any Bulks or Stalls, or place out any Shew-glaflcs or Shew-boards, so as to be an incroachment, or make any Dung-holes or Saw-pits, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, over and above the Expences of relaying and reinstating such Pavements, or taking down such Ports, Bulks, or Stalls, and removing or altering such Shew-boards or Shew-glasses, or rilling up such Dung-holes or Saw-pits, according to the Direction of such Commissioners.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Meeting of the Commissioners, if any Householder or Householders, within the Limits aforesaid, shall make Complaint in Writing, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and shall leave the same at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Commissioners of any Defect or want of Repair in any of the Pavements of any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, either before or after the same shall have been new-paved or repaired by virtue of this Act, Three Days before the Meeting of the said Commissioners; then, and in every such Case, the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall view the said Pavement, and report the Condition thereof to the said Commissioners, at their next Meeting; and if the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to whom such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall, upon such View, find the Pavement complained of to be bad and defective, ( unless it shall appear to arise from a Defed relating to the Water-pipes lying under such Pavement), the said Commissioners shall give Order to their Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Pa-viors, to repair the same within such Time as they the said Commissioners shall judge necessary for the n° V-a'n Repair thereof, which Time shall be specified in such Order: And if the Contractor or Contractors, AcIrDutyJ in8 Favior or Paviors, to whom such Order shall be given, shall not repair and amend such Pavements within such Time as he or they shall be directed by the said Commissioners to repair and amend* the same; then and in every such Case, the said Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day that the said defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired, after the Time limited by the said Commissioners in their said Order; and One Half of every such Penalty shall be applied and paid to such complaining Householder, for his or her Loss of Time and '('rouble in and about the Premises.

XLII. Provided always, and is hereby enacted and declared, That if the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall, on any View or Views, be of Opinion that the Pavement or Pavements mentioned to be bad and defective by such Householder or Householders in such Notice, is not bad and defective; then. Commit-ne s to and in such Case, the said Commissioners shall forthwith proceed to view the said Pavement, and *icwthe fame, their Opinion and Order concerning the same, after such View, shall be final and conclusive; any Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XL1IL And it is hereby enacted, That during the Time.any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard/ Alley, Passage, or Place, shall he new-paving or repairing under the Direction of the said Commissioners, they shall have Power to order the necessary Materials to be lodged in that or any adjoining Street or Place, or Streets or Places, according to their Discretion 5 as also to flop the Way through any adjacent Square. Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, PaiVage, or Place, so long as they shall judge necessary; and all Persons acting under the Directions aforesaid, are hereby indemnified from any Prosecution or Action whatsoever, except where such Materials shall be lodged upon, or over, or within Six Feet of the Fire-plug or Cock; and no such Materials shall be deposited in or near the End of any Street or Place, in such Manner as to prevent the Admission of Fire-engines.

XLIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority to cause all or any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the Limits aforesaid* to be watered as often as they shall think Ac*

If 3urveyrrs think such Pavements not de e£\ive, tec.

Where Materials may be Jeered,

Street?, *c. to be^vatexed.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 68. 583;

fir; an L for such Purpose, to cause any Well or Wells to be dug or sunk in such Places (not being a Vault, Cellar, or other Building, under any of the Streets and Places afore laid) as they shall think, pro- per; and also any Pump or Pumps to be eredFd in or near such Places, and also any Pump o: Pumps now (landing, or which shall hereafter be er.dled, for the Purpose of watering the said Squares, Streets,

Lines, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, to bi removed and altered; and to defray the Expence thereof out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, under the Power of the said Commissioners.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause all Trees, Signs, .

Sign-pods, Sign-irons, Dyer9, Scourers, and Barbers Poles, or any other Poles, Porches, Pent-houses,

Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, projecting into or over the Highways or Footways, and all other In- moved, croachments, Projections, or Annoyances whatsoever within the Limits aforesaid, to be taken down St?n9, &c, how and removed; and shall cause all Signs, Boards, and Gutters, to be affixed and placed close to, or on mb*fixed, the Fronts of the Houses Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectivelybelong; and shall return, or cause to be returned, to the respective Owners, all or so much of such Signs, Sign-pods, Poles, Sign-irons, Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made use of in the Alterations directed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act: And that-. for the future, all Signs, Boards, and Gutters, shall be placed and fixed close to or on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings to which they respectively belong, and not other wise:

And if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter hang, place, erect, or build any Sign, Sign-poll, or other Polls, Sign-iron, Pole, Porch, Pent-house, Board, Spout, Gutter, or other Projection,

Obstruction, or Annoyance whatsoever, or cause the same to be done, contrary to the Directions aforesaid, and the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every Person so offending, shall, for every such/

Offence, forfeit and piy any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor Id's than Forty Shillings, and the Sum of Five Pounds for every Week, the same shall be continued.

XLVI. And whereas it might tend to the publick Convenience, if all Buildings and Erections Persons refufikp projecting into or upon the Foot-wa/s were taken down and removed, as also ail Doors or Cellars to treat.

leading from and out of any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and all Steps belonging thereto, and all Projections whatsoever and not herein before mentioned, were taken down, removed, and altered be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever in any wise interested in any of the said Premises, upon Thirty Days Notice to them given or left in Writing at the House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or at the House, Shop, Sh d, or other Place of the Tenant in Possession of such Premises, shall neglect or refuse, or shall be incapable to treat, or shall not agree for Value to be-the Sale of any such Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for their Interest therein; then, and attained in in every such Case, the said Commissioners shall cause the Value of the Premises to be inquired into, £ and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the same Manner, and under the same Powers, Kv/ftriflions,^ and Regulations, as is herein after directed with respect to the Premises to be purchased for the Purchaster-hoefc pose of widening or opening Charter-house Lane, except as is herein excepted. Lane.

XLVII. And be it hereby further enacted, That if any Person shall be intitled, either in Reversion m my awarded or Remainder, to any such Premises*, the Money so awarded by a Jury as a Satisfaction^ shall be set- for Premises set* tied to the same Uses as the Premises were, unless such Person so interested shall coni'ent to give up such d«d tolikeUfei. reversio ary Interest.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,-That in case the Person or Persons to In cafc of Dif_ whom any Money shall be so assessed or due cannot be found, or if by reason of Disputes depending putes,&c.Mo-in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Default of Evidence, or otherwise, it shall not appear to n e* to be pa the said Commissioners what Person or Persons is or are intitled to the fame.; then, and in all and jpt0 Tr*a-every such cases, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the Sum or Sums so assess'cd’u,cr 4 Hl*dv and awarded to be paid into the Hands of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, for the Use of the Parties interested in the said Premises, to be paid to them, and every of them, according to» their respective Estates and Interests in the said Premises, as the said Commissioners shall, by any. Or- der to be by them madeydiredl.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sums of Money., or other Consideration*-Consideration, Recompence, or Satisfaction to be paid, made, or given, pursuant to any Agreement, Money huw-to* Award, Judgment, Sentence, Decree, or Determination as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby charged bc Paid^ and chargeable upon all or any Part of such Money or Monies as shall be received by virtue of this Act, under the Direction of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Houses and Buildings hereafter to be built or new-fronted, or any Part thereof, within the said Part of the said Parish, shall, for the effectual and absolute Prevention of all Manner of Projectrons, Annoyances, and Inconveniencies thereby, rife, perpendicularly from the Foundation; and if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Tunes hereafter, presume to build or new-front any House or other Building, or any Part thereof, within the District aforesaid, or cause the same to be done, or rife other wise than perpendicularly from such Foundation, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, by Writing under their Hinds and Seals, to cause the same to be pulled do.vn and removed by any Person,

Workmen or Person ., nicy shall think fit, the Costs and Charges whereof shall be paid and reimbursed: to the said Commissioners by roc Owner or Owner* such Houses or Buildings, or other Person or ordering or directing, the same and in cale oi such Reiuldl. or Neglect in paying, or reirobur.-

584. C. 68.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

ling the same to the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, it shall be lawful for them to cause any Action to be brought for the Recovery thereof, with Costs of Suit.

Names of Street*

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall and to be affixed up, may order and direct the Houses within the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Paf-cumtcttlT fege*> and Places within the Limits aforesaid, or any of them, to be numbered with Figures placed or painted upon or over the Doors thereof, or on such other Part of the said Houses respectively as they shall thinlc proper; and may also cause to be painted, engraved, or described, in Stone or Wood, or otherwise, and to be affixed in a conspicuous Part of One or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings, at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance of each of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages and Places, the Name by which each respective Square, Street, Lane, Penalties 0* de- Court, Yard, Alley, Pillage, and Place, is properly or usually called or known; and if any Person or facing Numbers, Persons shall wilfully destroy, pull down, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Names, Descriptions, ice. not exceed- Marks or Numbers, or any Part or Parts thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Per-ing 40s. norlcfs son fQ offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, than 1 os. nor less than .'Fen Shillings.

to^removed9;

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at ’ any Time or Times hereafter, drive or place, or cause to be driven or placed, in any of the Carriageways within the Limits aforesaid, any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, or on any Part or Parts thereof, so as to occasion any Annoyance whatsoever, and shall not immediately remove the same, when required so to do by any Person or Persons whatsoever; or if any Person or Persons shall fetor place any such Carriage for the Purpose of loading or unloading thereof, or for any other Purpose, upon any Foot-way or Crossing in any Square, Street, Way, Lane, Passage or Place within the Limits aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every or either of the said Offences, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings; and One of such Commissioners, or any Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, may seize, or cause to be seized, any such Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, together with the Horse, or Horses, if any shall be thereunto belonging; and drive or remove, or cause the same to be driven or removed to the Pound, or any other proper Place within the said Parish, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or nis, her or their known Servant or Servants shall and do pay to the Person or Person, in whose Custody the same shall be, the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the same, and of keeping such Horse or Horses, if any; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid, within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, under the Direction of the said Commissioners.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter set or place, or cause to be'set or placed, in any of the Carriage-ways

and the Penalty on Persons not complying.

Penalty on not removing Calks,

after Notice not or Foot-ways within the Limits aforesaid, any Calks, Package, Timber, Stones, Wheels, Bricks, left than 5 s. Lime, Sand, Mortar, or Wood, of any other Materials or Things whatsoever for the Purposes of making Mortar, or of Building any House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, or Tenement, or for any other Purpose (unless the same shall be inclosed in a Hoard or other Erection as herein after is directed) and shall not remove the same within the Space of Two Hours next after Notice in Writing to him or her given for that Purpose, or left at the Premises where the same shall be, or if empty and unoccupied, or in building, (luck against the Wall thereof, by any One of such Commissioners as aforesaid, or by any Person or Persons by them appointed for that Purpose, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings; and any One of such Commissioners, or any Person or Persons so appointed by them, may seize, or cause to be seized, such Calks, Package, Timber, Stones, Wheels, Bricks, Lime, Sand, Mortar, Wood, or other Materials (not being inclosed as aforesaid), and take or remove, or cause the same to be taken or removed, to the Pound, or any other proper Place within the said Parish, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, shall and do pay to the Person in whose Custody the same shall be the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the same; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid, within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the same to be appraised and fold; and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, under the Direction of the said Commissioners.

LIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any such Nuisance, Obstruction, or Annoyance, shall be afterwards replaced, and be continued for the Space of One Hour after Notice to remove the same, the Person or Persons convicted of such Second Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings, and the like Sum of Ten Shillings for every repeated Offence.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever granted forered- shall ered or build, or cause to be erected or built, any Hoard, or ered any Posts, Bars, Rails, Boards, ing Hoaxd<, &c. or other Things, by way of Inclosure, for the Purpose of making Mort»r, and depositing Bricks, Stone, Lime, Sand, or any other Materials, for building or repairing any House, Tenement, or other Works, or for any other Purpose, without Leave or Licence first had and obtained under the Hand or Hands of the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being to such Commissioners, who1 is and are

1 hereby

penalty if fjnees art continued.

Licences may be

C.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. 68. 585

hereby required to gttnt the same forthwith to every Person so applying for (iicli Licence; and no Person whatsoever shall erect or build any such Kind of Hoard or Inclosure as aforesaid, in an other Manner, or suffer the same to remain for any longer Time, than shall be expressed or allowed in such Licence from the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to be signed as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, for every Twelve Hours that the same, or any Part thereof, shall be continued contrary to the Directions of this Act: And if any such Kind of Inclosure shall be erected or built, without the Leave of the said Surveyor or Surveyors so had and obtained, and signed as aforesaid, or shall be set up in any other Manner, or continued for any longer

Time, than shall be allowed and expressed in such Licence; then, and in either of the said cases, it -

shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the same to be pulled down and removed, and the Materials thereof to be depofked in the Pound, or any other proper Place within the said Parish, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants shall and do pay, to the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be, the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the same 5 and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, under the Direction of the Commissioners.

LVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall fist, fereen, or flack, Petfom fiftms any Lime, (except within such Inclosure as aforesaid), in any Square, Street, Way, Lane, or Passage, l-ime, &c. many or cause the same to be done, he or they shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, the Sum of *c*to Forty Shillings. # 40,1

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, Penalty on dti-for the future, carry, run, drive, or draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn, on any of vintJ Carriages, the Foot-pavements, within the Limits aforesaid, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheel-barrow, or &c* ©ntheFoou any Carriage whatsoever; or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive, any Horse, Ass, or other Cattle, J^hrow'n* Coach, or other Carriage whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Foot-pavements; or shall throw or Ashes°&c. cast any Dung, Ashes, Dirt, Soil, Filth, or Rubbifti, into or upon any of the Carriage or Foot- ways; then, and in such Case, and as often as they or any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing, the Offender or Offenders, and they are hereby required so to do by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County; and the Party or Parties accused, being brought before any such Justice, such Justice shall proceed to examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of fufti Offence, either by his, her, or their Confession, or upon Information, as aforesaid, he (he, or they, so convicted of any such Offence respectively, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for the First Time of offending, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Second Time of offending, and the Sum of Forty Shillings for the Th r J and every other Time of offending; and in calc such Offender shall not, upon such Conviction, pay such Forfeitures by him, her, or them incurred, as aforesaid, the Justice, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the House of Correction for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Ten Day?, nor less than Three Days.

LVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement, within Foot-w*y« tob« thi Limits aforesaid, and in respect to Inmates, every House-owner shall, Once in every Day, Sundays pt.iec.Oacc excepted, between the Hours of Six and Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, ferape, a Day> sweep, and cleanse the Foot-way all along the Front of their respective Houses and Tenements, or cause the same to be done, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect, the Sum of Five Shillings.

LLX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may direct and regulate all Stands of Stands of Hack-Hack ney-coaches and Hackney-chairs, within the said Part of the said Parish, in such Manner as they ney Coachmen, Hi til in their Discretion think proper; and if any Hackney-coachman or Hackney-chairman shall not *c* to be rc-comply with such Directions and Regulations, he or they shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for $ulued* every Offence.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatso-.T;mcg 0fempty-ever shall come with any Cart or Carts, or begin to empty any Bog-house or Bog-houses, or to take ing Bog-houses, away any Night Soil from any House or Houses, within the Limits aforesaid, before the Hour of &c.

Twelve of the Clock in the Night, or shall continue to take away the same after the Hour of Five of the Clock in the Morning, from Michaelmas to Ladyday, or after the Hour of Four of the Clock in the Mo ning from Ladyday to Michaelmas; or if any Person shall put or cast, or cause to be put or caff, out of any Cart, Tub, or otherwise, in or near any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yard*

Alleys, Passa^es, or Places, within the Limits aforesaid, or within Half a Mile thereof, any such Night Soil, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Constable, Beadle, or Watchman, (and they are hereby strictly required apd directed lo to do); or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to apprehend and carry him or them, guilty of either of the said Offences, to any Wacch-house within the said Part of the said PariQ), and front thence, as soon as conveniently may be, before feme Justice of the Peace for the said County; who, upon Oath made of such Offence or Offences as. aforesaid,*.

586 C. 68. Anno duodecimo Georgii III.' A.D. 1772.

shall and may commit such Person or Persons guilty of any of the said Offences to the House of Correction for the said County, for any Time not exceeding Two Months, nor less than Fourteen Days, there to be kept to hard Labour; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, to be paid to the Person who shall deteCfc, apprehend, and convey, before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace any such Person or Persons guilty as aforesaid, to be paid out of the Kates to be raised by virtue of this AO, under the Power of the said Commissioners.

2e Wat"£pipe* DXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as it shall so break,^Notice to happen, that any Pipe or Pipes belonging to any Water Companies shall break or burst in any of the be given to the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, it shall be lawful for the Pavwr, Surveyor for the Time being to the Commissioners for putting this AO in Execution, or such other Person as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, to give immediate Notice thereof to the Pavior of the Water Company to whom he apprehends such ripe or Pipes does or do, or may belong, and require him to take up the Pavement, and open the Ground, at or near the Place where the Water shall or may iflhe, by reason of such Pipe or Pipes breaking or bursting, within Two Days after such Notice given to such ravior, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode: And if, upon taking up of the Pavement, and opening the Ground, it shall appear that the Pipe or Pipes so broken or burst doth not, nor do not, belong to the Water Company, whose Pavior shall have taken up such Pavement, and opened such Ground; that then, and in such Case, the Surveyor or other Person as aforesaid, shall give immediate Notice to the Pavior of that Company, to whom it shall appear that the said Pipe or Pipes doth or do belong, such Notice to be given or left with such Pavior, or at his last or usual Place of Abode; and the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong is hereby required to repair the same, and fill in the Ground within Two Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid; and also within Two Days after such Pipe shall be repaired, and the Ground filled in, to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors contracting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor or other Person aforesaid, of such Pipe or Pipes being repaired, and such Ground being filled in, such Notice to be given to such Contractor, Surveyor, or other Person, or left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode: And in case it shall happen that the Pavior who first receives Notice to take up the Pavement, and open the Ground, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall take up such Pavement, and open such Ground, and it shall then be discovered that the Pipe or Pipes, which is, are, or shall be bui ft or broken, doth or do not belong to the Company to whom he is Pavior; that then, and in such Case, the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes doth or do belong shall make Satisfaction to the Paviar who so took up such Pavement, and opened such Ground, for such Work; and in case the Pavior to whom such Notice shall be given to take up such Pavement, and open such Gtound, shall neglect or refuse to do the same, within the said Two Days after Notice given, he shall, (or every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and in case the Paviar of the who frail, f r Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes, so broken or burst, shall belong, shall neglect or refuse to re-^1^ hi^Oct* " Pa‘r an^ amend fame> a°d fill in the Ground so taken tm, for the Space of Two Days next after forfeit 201.° inch Notice given, or shall negle<St to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors contracting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, or to such other Persons as aforesaid, such Pavior shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings: And if the Person or Persons contracting with the said Commissioners to relay such Pavement f® broken or taken up, for the Reasons aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to relay such Pavement, in a good, sufficient, and effectual Manner, within Two Days after such Notice given to him as aforesaid, or if the Surveyor, or other Person, to whom such Notice shall be given, shall neglect to acquaint the Contractor of such Notice; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings: And if any Pipe or Pipes, other than such as belong to any of the Water Companies, shall happen to break or burst in any of the Squares, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, the Owner or Owners thereof shall cause the Ground to be opened, and such Pipe or Pipes to be repaired within the Times before respectively limited for such Purposes; and also shall forthwith give Notice to the Contractor or Contractors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, so appointed as aforesaid, to relay the Pavement so broken and taken up, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Neglect or Refusal, the Sum of Twenty Sniffings: Or if any Pavement shall be broken or taken up by the Commissioners of Sewers for the Purposes of making, repaying, or altering, any Sewer or Drain, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, the Surveyor for the Time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers, or such other Person or Persons so breaking or taking up the said Pavement, shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Surveyors, Contractor or Contractors, or other Person or Persons, appointed by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, to relay or repair the Pavements so broken or taken up as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Neglect or Refusal, the Sum of Twenty Shillings: Or rf the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to or for whom such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to acquaint the Contractor or Contractors, or other Person or Persons, so appointed’, as aforesaid, of such Notice; or if such Contractor or Contractors, or such other Person or Persons, shall not, within Two Days next after such Notice respectively given, relay or repair the same then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so respectively offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and the like Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day such Pavement (halLcontinue without being relayed or repaired, after the Expiration of the said-Two Days* a

LXIL.

A.D. 177*? Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 68.587

LXII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Part of the Pavement of the said Ptmnenrt, whet* Squares, Streets^ Lancs. Courts, Yards, Alleys, PaCTages, or Places, shall be taken up for the Purpose taken up, to be or making, repairing, altering, cleansing, or emptying any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, or of laying, al-- ""*"*5

tering, or amending, any Water-pipe, or Plug, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, the Person or oit e

Persons so taking up such Pavement shall immediately give Notice thereof to the Surveyor, Inspe£fcort or Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, in order that the same may, with -all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired, under the Inspection of the said Surveyor, Inspector, or Clerk; and the Charg s and Expences thereof shall be paid by the said Commissioners, and they shall be reimbursed the same by the Person or Persons, Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers, who shall take up, or cause or procure to be taken up, the said Pavement, or any Part or Parts thereof.

LXIII. Provided always, That when and so often as any Part of the Pavements of the said Squares, replaced Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall be taken up by any Person or Per- at Request, P10-fons for the Purposes of placing, altering, or amending, any such Pipe, the same shall, with all con- priciora to pay venient Speed, be repaired by the Pavior or Paviors contracting with or employed by the said Com- ExPcnc*s> missioners, or under the Diieilion of their Surveyor or Surveyors, at the Expence of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said leaden or other Pipes respectively, if such Pipe is replaced, altered, or amended, at the Request of such Proprietor, and not otherwise.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Time c to Time, to compound and agree with the said Companies or Commissioners of Sewers, or other Per- n^mpourid son or Persons respectively, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or other Measure, as the said for the relaying Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution shall think reasonable, in lieu and in (lead of such Pavement, laying down or repairing such Pavement as shall be necessarily taken up for any of the Purposes aforesaid.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons Companies or Water-por pccwctvof works, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively, shall neglect or refuse to pay what the said Com- Monie*expended missioners shall have so paid and disbursed, or what shall be due upon such Contract or Composition in rciaying the as aforesaid, within Ten Days next after Notice thereof to be left by the Surveyor or Clerk ap-Ptvcmc, lt* pointed, or to be appointed, by the said Commissioners, at the Dwelling-house or last Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Secretary or Secretaries, Clerk or Clerks, of such Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively; which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act. in Execution, by Order of the said Commissioners, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of the Expences of such Repair, or Money due upon such Composition; it shall be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners, and they,

are hereby authorised and impowered to bring., or cause to be brought, any Ailion or Actions, against such Person or Persons, Secretary or Secretaries, or Clerk or Clerks, of such Company of Waterworks, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money respectively; and in case such Person or Persons, hereby directed to give such Notice to the Surveyor or Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, as is before directed, shall neglect so to do for the Space of Twenty-four Hours after such Pavement shall be so taken up, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

LXVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That if at any Time or Times it shall be

found necessary to raise, sink, or any otherwise alter thw* Position of any of the Pipes or Plugs laid e«for

down or placed by any of the Companies who furnish the Inhabitants, within the Limits aforesaid, the Purposes of with Water, or of any leaden or other Pipes belonging to any of the said Water Companies, or to thi»Afttobe any other Person or Persons, which, for the Purposes of conveying Water into any House Area, or *>orne by the other Place, have been, or shall be laid into or from any such Pipe or Pipes, for the Purpose of new’- Commissioners, paving or altering the Pavement of any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Pail’a-ges, or Places, the Expence thereof shall, from Time to Time be paid out of the Money arising or to arise by virtue of this Act, under the Authority of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of paving cleansing, lighting and watching, and shall always be done with as little Detriment and Inconvenience to the said respective Companies or Inhabitants, as the Circumstances of the Case will admit.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Pa- Pavior9 to viors and Turncocks now appointed; or hereafter to be appointed, in case of the Death or Removal ^Notice of of any such Pavior or Turncock, by the said several and respective Water Companies, shall, and they their Places of are hereby required, within the Space of Twenty-one Days next after the pulling of this Act, efr Abode, within the Space of Three Days next after he or they shall be appointed Pavior or Paviors, Turncock or Turncocks, to such Company or Companies, to give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or _ Surveyors for the Time being to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or to such Person or Persons as shall be by them appointed for that Purpose, which Notice shall contain such Pavior’s or Turncock’s Name and Place of Abode respectively, as also to what Company he is Pavior or Turncock, and in what Distriil he has the Care of such Company or Companies Pipes; and in like Manner the Surveyor or Surveyors to such Commissioners for the Time being, shall, within the respective Times aforesaid, give Notice to the respective Paviors and Turncocks of the said several Water Companies of his or their own Place or Places of Abode, and also to the Surveyor or Surveyors to the Commissioners of Sewers, of the Names and Places of Abode of such Contractor or Contractors,

588 C. 68.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Orates orer Sewers to be made by the Commissioners*

Commissionm may rectify the Sewers, &c.

and of the Pavior or Paviort employed by stich Commissioners; and every Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to give such Notice as aforesaid, within the Times before respectively specified shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as there shall be Occasion to make any new, or to repair any Grate or Grates now being over any Sewer or Sewers, belonging to the Commissioners of Sewers, in the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts. Yards, Alleys, raflages, or Places, or any of them, the same shall be made new or repaired by and at the Expence of the said Commissioners of Sewers, (if the same shall be thought necessary by them); and the same, when so made new or repaired, shall be laid down in such Manner as shall be directed by the Surveyor to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution* c

LXIX. And whereas, by reason of the great Conflux of Water from the Lands and Grounds about Ijftngtorty and other Places, the Streets called Saint John's Street, and Cow Crofsy are continually an- noyed by Water, and for want of proper Sewers or Drains to carry off the same, the Buildings there are greatly prejudiced/ be it therefore further enacted, That the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any Seven or more of them, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised, at such Time and Times as they shall think proper, during the Time the said Streets are new-paving, to cause any new Sewers or Drains, with proper and sufficient Grates over the same, to be made in the said Streets called Saint John's Street, and Cow Crofsy sufficient to carry off the Water which would otherwise annoy the same, and to communicate such Sewers or Drains with any such publick Sewers or Drain* therein, or thereabouts, as shall be directed by the Commissioners of Sewers: And in case it shall be necessary for that Purpose to alter or widen any old Sewer or Sewers, the Expence thereof shall be borne and paid by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and the Work performed by them under the Inspection of the Commissioners of Sewers: And for paying the Expence of making such new Drains or Sewers, and Grates, over the same, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them. Once in every Year, or oftener, if they think proper, to make a Rate upon the Occupiers of all Houses, Shops, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Streets where such new Drains or Sewers shall be made, not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound, of the yearly Rent or Value of such Houses, Shops, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and the said Commissioners shall have, and they are hereby vested with the like Powers for receiving, collecting, and recovering the said Rate as are herein given with respect to the Rates for paving, and other Purposes;

which Rate shall be paid by the Occupiers of the respective Houses^ Shops, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and One Half thereof shall be allowed them again by their respective Landlords, who are hereby required to allow the fam# to their respective Tenants, upon receiving the Remainder of his or her Rent or Rents respectively.

Hate to continue

LXX. Provided always, That such Rates shall not be made or continued any longer than until the ©niy till Expence Money to be raised in Manner herein after mentioned, for making such new Sewers, shall be paid off ra,d‘ and satisfied.

News*wen,&c.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by t*118 Act, if they shall think proper, to make, or cause to be made, any other new publick Sewer or Sewers, or Drain or Drains, to communicate with any the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passage9, and Places, or any of them; and also any new Grate or Grates over such Sewer or Sewers, Dram or Drains; and to cause the same to be placed in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor, shall think proper; and the Expences attending the making such other new Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, and Grate or Grates, shall be paid out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, under the Authorities of the said Commissioners; and when all or any such Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, Grate or Grates, either in Saint John's Street, Cow CroJsy or elsewhere, shall be made and completed, the same shall be under the Care, Management, and Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers in like Manner as the other Sewers now are.

GomtaifBonertef

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as there shall be Occasion to make new Sc*tobe,~ or additional Grates over any Sewer or Sewers within the said Part of the said Parish, or to repair, when an^ Work# a^tcri cleanse, or amend any of the said Sewers, or the Grates over the same; the Clerk for the Time necefljry to be being of the Commissioners of Sewers shall, at the Request in Writing of the Surveyor to the said dontby them. Commissioners of Pavement, or other Person or Persons authorised by them for that Purpose, forth- with summon the said Commissioners of Sewers to meet, in order to take the Premises into Considera-

tion, which they are hereby authorised and required to do £t such Meeting; and also at the same Meeting, or any adjourned or other Meeting, to exercise the several Powers and Authorities with which they are vested, in order that the said several Works may be speedily done, completed and finished.

Lamps to be set

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Time VP>&Q* to Time, to cause such and so many Lamps to be set up in such Places within the Limits aforesaid,

and to be placed in such Manner, and at such Distances as they shall judge necessary, and may contract or agree with any Person or Persons for such Lamps, or may find and provide the same, if they shall think fit; and also may contract or agree with any Person or Persons for the lighting, supplying, maintaining, and repairing such Lamps, and appoint how and where the said Lamps shall be placed, and at what Time, and how long the said Lamps shall be and continue lighted and burning, so that they shall be lighted at Sun-setting, and continue burning till Sun-rising; and what Sum and Sums of Money shall be paid to the Person or Persons so to be contrafted or agreed with to light, maintain, and repair the said Lamps; provided that no such Contract or Agreement shall be for a longer Term than Three Years from the Commencement thereof,

LXXIV.

A.D. 177*2. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 68. 58 9

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it (half be lawful for the said Umpf irom Commissioners to order and direct Lamp-irons to be put, or affixed, against the Walls of all or any of the several Houses or Tenements within the Limits aforesaid, or into, upon, or against the Rails before the Area, or in such Manner, and in such other Place, as the said Commissioners shall think proper and convenient: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully take away, break, throw down, or damage penalty on Per* any Lamp that shall be so set up, or wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or ioni extinguish-throw down or damage the Irons or other Furniture thereof, it shall be lawful for any Person or insor dwna8intf Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, as also for any other Person or Lampl* Persons toaffift in seizing, the Offender or Offenders 5 and, by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County; and such Justice shall proceed to examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear, or be produced to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence j and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of * for every

any such Offence, either by his, her, or their Confession, or upon such Information or Evidence as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for each.

Lamp or Lamp-iron so broken, thrown down, or damaged, or for every Lamp so extingoithed as aforesaid; and moreover shall make full Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him or them done as aforesaid:

And in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, on Conviction, pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the House of Correction for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding One Calender Month, nor less than Seven Days; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they, shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons Peifoot teddep-shall carelessly or accidentally break, throw down, or damage any Lamp or LampshuM out orfet up by tally damaging Order of the said Commissioners, within the Limits aforesaid, or the Irons or other Furniture thereof, Lamps to make and shall not immediately, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto 5 then, and in Satisfiflion. every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One Justice of the Peace in and for the said County, upon Complaint to him made by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to summon before him the Party or Parties who shall be complained of for doing such Damages as aforesaid and, upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or Non-appearance of the Party or Parties so complained of, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction to the Owner of fuohi Lamp or Lamps, or to the said Commissioners. as the Case shall be, for such Damages as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, within Ten Days after Demand, to cause the same to be levied as Fines, Penalties, andp;^ Forfeitures are by this Act herein after directed to be levied.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissionert Commissioners, from Time to Time, to order and appoint what Number of Watchmen and Beadles impowered to aP-they shall judge necessary or proper to be kept in the said Part of the said Parish of Saint Sepulchre, which Point ^atch->s and lieth in the County of Middlesex% and to nominate and cleft such able-bodied Men to be employed ,1[*n, *c# in the said Services as they the said Commissioners shall think heft qualified, and shall order and direct hew and where the several Watchmen shall be stationed, and in what Manner they shall be armed; how often they shall ro their Rounds, how long they shall continue upon Duty, and what Wages shall be allowed to such Watchmen and Beadles, for their Attendance j and shall order and direct what Number of Constables and Headboroughs shall attend every Night, and in what Parts; and also shall1 and may use the present Watch-house belonging to the said Part of the said Parish, or may erect make Rule?,

or hire a proper Place or Places within the said Part of the said Parish for the Reception of the said OrderMndRegu-Constables, Headboroughs, and Watchmen, and make all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the better Attendance, Government, and Direction of the said Constables, Headboroughs, Watch- tnj better men, and Beadles, and the watching of that Part of the said Parish, as they shall think proper, or the Witching. Nature of the several Services may require.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That true Copies of Transcripts of Copies of Rrgu-all such Nominations, Rules, Orders, and Regulations as shall be made, from Thne to Time for the *° dc* better Direction and Government of the said Constables, Headboroughs, Watchmen, and Beadles, stablwMdHeTd-shall be fairly written and signed by the said Commissioners, and shall be delivered to the several Con- boroughs, (tables and Headboroughs for the Time being of the said Part of the said Parish, and that One of the Constables and Headboroughs, together with One of the Beadles, shall attend every Night by Turns, and shall keep Watch and Ward within the said Parts of the same Parish for such respective Times, and in such Manner, as shall, from Time to Time, be appointed by the said Commissioners; and shall, in their several Turns and Courses of Watching, use their best Endeavours to prevent all Mischiefs happening by Fires, and all Murders, Burglaries, Robberies, Preaches of the King's Peice, and all other Outrages and Disorders; and to that End shall, and they are hereby jointly and fe- j^ft, rl5Cr8 verally impowered and required to arrest, apprehend, and detain in the Watch-hous.*, or other fouredT* convenient Place of Security, all Malefactors, Disturbe s of the Kind’s Peace, and all suspected Persons who shall be found wandering or misbehaving themselves, and shall c; rry them (so soon as conveniently may be) before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, to be examined and dealt with according to Law; and the ftvid Constables and Head-

berwughs

Sgo Ci 68.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Penalty on

'Watchmen neglecting their Duty.

Penalty on Constables, &c. neglecting their Duty.

Commissioners impowered to widen Charter-

boroughs shall, so often in every Night as shall be ordered by the said Chniniffiotiers, go. about their respective Districts and Rounds, to take Notice whether all the Watchmen perform their Duty in their several Stations, according to such Rules* Orders, and Regulations, as shall be provided for that Purpose by the said Commissioners as aforesaid: And in case any One or more of the said Watchmen shall be (bund to have misbehaved himself, or neglected his or their Duty, the said Conftajble or Headborough shall, as soon as conveniently may be, give Notice thereof to the said Treasurer of the said Commissioners for the Time being, who 16 hereby authorised to suspend such Watchman from the Execution of his Office, and appoint another Person to officiate therein, until the next Meeting of the said Commissioners, when the said Treasurer shall acquaint the Commissioners assembled at such Meeting w-th the Complaint against such Watchman, in order for the said Commissioners to proceed to the Examination of the said Offence; and such Watchman shall, for every such Offence, Neglect, of Misbehaviour, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings, or be discharged from his said Office of Watchman.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Constables, Headr boroughs, or Beadles, or any of them, mall wilfully neglect to attend in his or their Turn to keep Watch and Ward, or shall not come to Watch and Ward in Manner, or auring the Times which shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for his or their Attendance thereon, or shall depart from or leave keeping Watch and Ward during the respective Hours appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid for keeping the same, or shall other wise negledfc his or their Duty, or misbehave him or themselves; the Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit and pay, for every such Negle&or Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissionera, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby impower^d and required, as soon house Lane, &c. as may be after their First Meeting, to widen or enlarge and improve the said Lane or Way called Ckarter-house Lave, by taking down the present Gateways, at the East and West Entrances to the said Lane, and the Buildings over the same respectively, and by taking down Houses and other Buildings on the South Side of the said Lane only, so as the said Lane or Way, at the Weft Entrance thereof, for the First Sixty-seven Feet from Saint John s Street, shall not exceed Twentyreight Feet in Width, and from thence to the East End of the said Lane, shall not, in any One Part thereof, exceed Thirty-six Feet in Width-; And for such Purposes the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall have, and are hereby iavtfted with full Power, to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, and other Persons interested in the said Gateways and Buildings over the same, and the Houses adjoining thereto, and in such other Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Erections, Buildings, Grounds, and Hereditaments, as are situate on the South Side of the said Lane, or such Parts, or so much thereof as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think necessary to be purchased, removed, pulled down, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, foall agree upon; and that, upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed to be paid for such Premises respectively, or to be contridled for as aforesaid, or where no Agreement or Contr*& shall be made, on making Satisfaction in Manner herein after mentioned to the Owners of, and Persons interested in, such Premises, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to take down all such Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Erections, and Buildings, or any Part or Parts thereof so deemed necessary and proper to be taken down for the Purposes aforesaid, and to cause the Materials thereof to be removed and taken away.

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Timber, Stones, Bricks, Tiles, Slates, Planks, Iron, Lead, Glass, and all other Materials belonging or appertaining to the several Houses Qr Tenements, Edifices, and Buildings, which shall be taken down by virtue of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, when, and as any such Houses or Buildings are taken down, or taking down, to cause such Materials, from Time to Time, to be removed oft' the Premises, and to use and employ so much thereof in and about the widening and improving the said Lane or Way, as they shall see fitting, and the remaining. Part of the said Materials shall be fold and disposed of for as much Money as can. be had or gotten for the same, and the Money arising from the Sale thereof shall go and be applied for and towards the widening, enlarging, and improving the said Lane or Way.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunaticks and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but all’o for and on Behalf of their Ccftutque Trusts, whether Infants or I flue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, who are or shall be (eifed in their own Right, and all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or foall he seised, possessed of, or interested in, any such Houses, Edifices, Tenements, Erections, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be thought necessary to be purenafed for the Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, or to the same, to the said Commissioners, or to such Persons and their Heirs for ever, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct, in Trust for them the said Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid; and that ail Contracts, Ag^ements, Bargains, Sales, apd Conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue

and

Materials Tested io the Troftcei.

Bodies Politick, &c. may contract for Sale,

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 68. 591

and in purAiance of this Act as aforesaid, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, oe good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Uffc, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their said several and respective Cestuique Trusts, and all claiming, or to claim by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

LXXXIL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Body Politick, Corpo- On Refusal t# rate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feme-covert, Owner or Owners, Occupier or tre.,t, Value to* Occupiers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, in and by this Act impowered and qualified to treat, be settled by »> contract, or agree for, fell, convey, and dispose of any Part of the Premises herein-before mentioned, shall Jury* refute to treat, contract, or.agree, as aforesaid, or determined by reafou of Absence, or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating and agreeing, or shall decline or refute to fell, convey, and dispose of the Premises whereof or wherein, or whereunto they respectively shall be so seised, possessed, interested, or intitled, as afone-said, or their respective Rights, Titles, Claims, or Interests, in, to, or upon, the same? or any Part thereof, unto the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall nominate, for the Purposes, and according to the Tenor, true Intent, and Meaning of this Act;, or shall not produce or make out a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or if any Dispute or Difference-shall arise touching such Purchase or Purchases, the said Commissioners are hereby impowered and authorised to issue a Notice, in Writing, under the Hands of any Five or more of them, to the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex, thereby requiring him or his Deputy, who is hereby authorised, directed, jarje9 may tte-and required accordingly, to impanel, f'ummon, and return, at such Time and Place as shall be ex- impanelled, pressed in such Notice, Twenty-four substantial and disinterested Persons, qualified to serve on Juries; and out of such Persons so to be impanelled, summoned, and returned, the said Commissioners shall, 7at such Time and Place, swear, or cause to be I’worn, a Jury of Twelve Persons of the said Twenty-four, who shall be drawn by the Clerk to, or other Person to be appointed by, the said Commissioniers for the Time being, in the same Manner as Juries for Trials of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of furies, are directed to be drawn, which Twelve Men shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall order such Jury to view the Place in question, if there shall be Occasion; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or his>

Deputy shall return other honest and indifferent Persons of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service, to make up the Number Twelve; which Persons, so to be impanelled*, summoned, and returned, as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as in such Notice or Notices shall be directed and appointed, and to attend there from Day to Day until discharged by the said Commissioners; and all Persons concerned Junes may be-shall have their lawful Challenges (but not challenge the Array of the Panel) against any of the said tfullciged. Jurymen when they come to be fw^rn; and the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to summon or call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath, all Persons who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as Witnesses touching the Matters in question, which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer; and the said Commissioners shall have full Power, from Time to Time, Penalty on to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or his Deputy making Default in the Premises, Sheriff*, Jury-and on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned and returned as such Jury, and shall not appear, and^11* or who shall in any other Manner neglect their Duty contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this yVfault Act; or on any Person or Persons who, being required to give Evidence before such Jury, shall refuse Wimcflbtmay/ or neglect to appear, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence, so as no such Fine shall btsummoned. exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any Person for One Offence; which Fine or Fines shall be applied towards the widening, enlarging, or improving, the said Lane or Way; and the said Commissioners fl ail have Power to adjourn such Meeting, from Dav to Day, as Occasion shall require; and such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties, shall attend until all Matters for which they shall be so summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury, upon their Oath, shall inquire of and act'eis the Value, Recompence, and J^ry may atT-fr Satisfaction, to be paid or made for such Premises respectively, and assess and ascertain the proportion- o

able Sum or Sums to be paid to every such Person or Persons for the Purchase of their respective Estates SumTtcTbe pa and Iprercfts claimed therein, or any Part thereof; and the said Commissioners shall give Judgment for such to every Person Sum and Sumsof Money so to beaflefled; which said Verdict or Verdicts, and the said j udgment. Decree, and mteiefted, Determination thereon, (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons interested, at least Four- which Ventta to* teen Days before the Time of such Assessment, declaring the Time and Place of the Meeting of the said Commissioners as aforesaid and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling-house of such Person or Persons, or at his, her, or their usual or last Place or Places of Abode, or with the Tenant or Occupier of such Premises so inttnded 10 be valued or act'died), shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgments, and Decrees, and all other recorded in'

Proceedings of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and Juries, so to be made, given, and pronounced p,c as aforesaid, shall be fairly written or enrolled, and kept and entered amon&ft the Records of the Quar- 1

ter.-ftlfions.

592

C. 68.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Expences of the

Terdi& notbind-

ter-sessions in the Clerk of the Peace’s Office of the said County of Afiddlefix \ and the said Verdicts, Judgments, and Decrees, and all such other Proceedings, shall be deemed and taken to be Records to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the same, or a Copy thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be

food and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all 'ersons may have Recourse to the C:\me gratis, and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding Twopence for Seventy-two Words; and so proportionably for any greater Number of Words, ur how to be

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Verdicts shall be given for a‘ oile, ^greater Sum or Recompence than lha.ll have been offered by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, before the summoning of any such Jury, for or in respect of any t such Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Erections, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, or Damages as aforesaid, that then all the Expences of such Jury, and the Witnesses attending in Confluence there-, iOf, and of taking such Inquest, shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arise by vvirtue of this Act; but if any Verdict shall be given for no more, or a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them, then and in every such Case, such Expences shall be paid by the Owners of or Persons interested in the Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Erections, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments in Question.

LXXXIV. Provided always, That in case the said Sum or Sums so assessed by the said Tury, and

ingunless Money ordered and adjudged by the said Commissioners to be paid as a Satisfaction to the Owners, Occupiers, paidmthinThree or others, for their respective Interests in the said Premises, shall not be paid, tendered, or left as herein onthi. mentioned, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, within Three Months after the same shall have been so act'effect, ordered, and adjudged 5 then, and in such Case, the Verdict of the said Jury, and Order and Adjudication of the said Commissioners, shall not be binding upon the said Parties, e any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding. h7r^money

LXXXV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums Premises" o be Money so assessed and decreed as aforesaid, the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so assessed and decreed, shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid and legal Conveyances and Assurances in the Law to the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall nominate and appoint, in Trull for the said Commissioners of such Premises, or any Part thereof respectively, or of such Estate or Interest /or which such Sum or Sums of Money shall he so awarded, and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Assignments, and Assurances, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things, requisite and necessary to make a clear and perfect Title to TuchTrcmifes; and such Conveyances, Alignments, and Assurances, shall contain all such reasonable and usual Covenants as shall on the Part of the said Commissioners be required: And in case such Person or Persons, to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded or due as aforesaid, shall not be able to evince their Title to the Premises, and to make, or procure to be made, good, valid, and legal Conveyances thereof, or shall refuse so to do, being thereto required, and such Sum and Sums so assessed and awarded, and due as aforesaid, being produced and tendered to be paid to them on their making such Title, and executing, and procuring to be executed, such Conveyances, Assignments or Assurances as aforesaid; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so assessed or due as aforesaid cannot be found, or if, by rcafoh of Disputes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Defeat of Evidence, or otherwise, it shall not appear to the said Commissioners what rerlon or Persons is or are iivtitled; or if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to take in his, her, or their Mortgage-money, due on the Premises, after Notice given to him, her, or rnoncythe /ame them, for that Purpose, as herein after is provided; then, and in all and every such Case and cases, to be paid into it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the Sum or Sums so allefied and awarded as afore-'hc Bank in the said, or shall be due upon such Mortgage, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and

Conveyed.

iGn Refusal or incapacity to convey, &c.

r Mortagees re<

<iufing to take -ther Mortgag--

Name of the Ae-

with the Privity, of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Ac-f'the*Court of count to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Premises (describing the m)^subject to the Order, Chancery. Controul, and disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Appertain claiming plication of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Pe-, pwy recover their fitiort, shall be, and is hereby impowered, in afummaryWay of proceeding, or otherwise, as to the

Money by the Order of that Court in a fuqa-rnary Way or otherwise. Receipt to be l/rgiftered.

fame Court shall seem meet, to order the Distributh n thereof according to the respective Estate and Estates Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim therefo, of, in, or to such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be made appear to, and to be declared by the said Court, and according to the Value thereof allefied as aforesaid; and to make such further or other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall appear just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and speccifying for what Premises, and for what Use, t e fame is or are rectiv; d, to such Person or Persons as shall pay such Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid, which Receipt or Receipts shall be entered on Record and registered in such Place, and in such Manner, as such Vtrdids, Judgments, and other Proceedings as aforesaid, are hertin-before required to kept; and immediately on such Payment, and Registry, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Premisesveftedin property. Claim, and Demand in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons respectively for whose Use omm ion-fame was paid, in, to, or out of such Houses, Ground, Tenements, Edifices, Erections, Buildings, Lands., and Premises, shall vest in the said Commissioners for the Time being for putting this Act in Execution, and the Survivors of them, for the only Ui'ts and Purposes of this Act; and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if every Person having an Estate in the said Premises had actually conveyed the same by a Lease i and

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 68. 59J

and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery and Seisin, Fine, and Recovery, or any other legal Conveyance whatsoever; and such Payments shall not only bar all Right, Title, Ini-terest. Claim, and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whose Use such Payment was made, bat also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife or Wives of such Person or Persons; and all Estates Tail in Reversion or Remainder; and the Issueor IlVucs of such Person or Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually as a Fine or Recovery would do, if levied or fullered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commis-Purchase Money, fiuners, before Payment into the Bank, and Entry of Receipts as aforesaid, and before any Application b.cr°re Applic*-in respect thereof to the said Court of Chancery, at the Petition of any Person or Persons interested in any Part of such Premises, or in the Monies so paid into the Bank for the Purchase thereof, or in£^tyatlatcr©a, respect of any Right or Interest therein, to place out and invest, or to cause to be placed out and inverted, such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, in some of the publick Funds, or on Government Securities, at Interest, in the Name of any Person or Persons authorised and appointed by the said Cotnmidioners for that Purpose, in Trust, to transfer and atlign the same to such Person or Persons to whom the Money so paid shall belong, on their executing proper Conveyances as aforesaid; \

and, in the mean Time, in Trust, to pay the Interest and Dividends arising therefrom to such Person or Persons, who was or were in Possession of the said Premises, at the Time of the said Payment into the Bank.

LXXX

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Per- Perfoiu intitted fons who would be intitled to recover the mesne Profits of the Premises, against the Person or Persons to the mesne in Possession, in case the same had not been so conveyed to or vested in the said Commissioners as afore- Profils ma.v re-said, shall be intitled to recover the Sum and Sums to arise from such Interest and Dividends as afore- p°rJL*?e ceding! said determined by Action of Debt, or otherwise, against the Person or Persons who shall receive the same; and Commissioners to the said Commissioners are hereby impowered and authorised to make such Orders on the Bank, to be make Order* registered as aforesaid, as shall be necessary for inverting in the Funds, or Government Securities, such the Bjtrk for Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof; and the said Commissioners shall be quieted in the Pof-Jnve^n|u^ne3r session of such of the said Premises, for which such Monies shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not Commissioners be answerable or accountable in any Court of Law or Equity for the Money to befo deposited and placed n© anf*rer*Wc out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the Tenor, Purport, and true Meaning of this ACT for Monies so

deposited.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such PersonMorrgtgeestoaf-and Persons, who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased in pursuance of this Act, his, her, or their Weirs, Executors, Ad-Months ministrators, and Assigns respectively, not being in Post'eflion thereof by virtue of such Mortgage oriocertft. Mortgages, shall, on the Tender of the principal Money, and Interest due thereon, together with Six Calendar Months Interest of the said principal Money, by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately assign such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint in Trust for them; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing given to him, her or them from the said Commissioners, or any Person authorised by them, and they will pay off and discharge the Principal and Interest Money, which, at the Expiration of the said Six Calendar Months, to be computed from such Notice given, shall be due on such Mortgage; that then, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, on Payment or Tender of the Principal and Interest Money so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey and assign his, her, and their respective Estates and Interests in the said mortgaged Premises to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall nominate and appoint in Trust for them to the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and if any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse so to do, on such Tender or Payment, then all Interest on every such Mortgage shall cease and determine.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commission- T*nints to ers, or any Person authorised by them, shall, nicer any Houses, Edifices, Buildings, Tenements, Lands, otirc

Grounds, or Premises, shall be purchased by them, in pursuance of this Act, give Six Calendar Months6 Notice in Writing to the Tenants or Occupiers respectively, of any such Premises so purchased, to quit or deliver up such Premises, at the Expiration of such Six Months, then every such Tenant or Occupier shall, at the End of such Six Months, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the Premises so by him or her respectively occupied whether upon Lease or otherwise, to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners to take Possession thereof; and if any Person or Persons so in Possession shall refuse to give up such Possession, at the Expiration of such Six Months, after every such Notice as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, to issue a Preceptor Precepts to the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex, to cause Poflvffion thereof to be delivered to such Person or Persons who shall be in such Precept or Precepts nominated to receive the same, and to direct the said Sheriff to levy such Costs as shall accrue by Means of the issuing and Execution of every such Precept, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons who shall have refused to give up such Possession as aforesaid, and shall refuse or neglect to pay the same Costs; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possession, and levy such Costs in Manner aforesaid. Mnnlei payable

XC. And be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Principal Money to ar^e^tf°^s from the Sale of any Houses, Edifices, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased ".^ve^dl<Jnu for the Purposes intended by this Act, of any Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Purd.afeot ocher Vol. XL 4 G Aggregate£A*t«.

594

In what Manner House*, &c. may ¥e purchased.

Commissioneri may let or fell any overplus Ground, &c.

' Application of that Monty.

Power of this Not to extend to Xiiates belonging to the Charter-hause, without Consent of the

Governors*

Comm’ncement of Rates.

C. 68. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Feme or Femes Covert, shall be paid to such Persons as they shall respectively nominate to receive the same, in Trust, with all convenient Speed, to be re-invested in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders. and Contingencies, as the Houses, Edifices, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased from them respectively, by the said Commissioners, in Manner aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or assured, at the Time of such Purchase, or so many thereof as, at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements, shall be existing, and capable of taking Effect.

XCI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall be applied to, by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, to treat for, fell, dispose of, or convey, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, any Part or Parts of any House, Warehouse, Yard, or Ground, ui the actual Occupation of One-Tenant, or of several joint Tenants; and the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall, by Notice in Writing, to be left with the Clerk of the said Commissioners, within* Twenty-one Days next after such Application, signify his, her, or their Inclination or Desire to treat for, fell, dispose of, and convey the Whole of such House, Warehouse, Yard, or Ground; then, and in-every such Case, the Whole of every such House, Warehouse, Yard, or Ground, shall be deemed, taken, and held, to be necessary to be purchased for effecting the Purposes of this Act; And if it shall happen that the said Commissioners shall not think proper, or be willing to purchase the Whole of such House, Warehouse, Yard, or Ground; then, and in every such Case, nothing ip this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, to treat for, fell, dispose of, or convey any Part of such House, Warehouse, Yard, or Ground; any Thing herein-before contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XCII. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Commissioners are hereby im powered to make by virtue of this Act, they may happen to be possessed of some Piece or Pieces of Ground, over ( and above what may be made use of for the widening, enlarging, and improving of the said Lane or Way \9 but it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to let, (ell, or dispose of any such Piece or Pieces of Ground, either together or in Parcels, in such Manner as they shall find mod advantageous and convenient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract, agree for, or purchase the same, giving. Preference to the Person or Persons of whom the lame shall have been purchased; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to design, assign and lay outK in what Manner any new Houses or Edifices shall be erected or built upon any such Piece or Pieces of Ground which they shall be possessed of as aforesaid, over and above what may be necessary for widening enlarging, and improving the said Lane or Way.

XCIII. Provided always, That the Monies to arise by Sale of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, shall be applied for the Purpose of widening, enlarging, and improving, the said Lane or Way, and to or for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XCIV. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall noway extend to impower the said Commissioners to purchase or take down the Gate and Gatehouse (landing at the East End of Charter-house Lane aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or to purchase any other Messuage, Tenement, or Ground belonging to the Hospital of King James^ founded in Charter-house within the County of Middlesex, at the humble Petition and only Costs and Charges of Thomas Sutton Esquire, without the Consent of the Governors of the said Hospital first had and obtained in Writing under their common Seal for that Purpose, or to charge the said Hospital, or any Meffu lges, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, now in Occupation of any of the Officers or Servants belonging to the said Hospital, or the Persons occupying the same, with the Payment of any of the Rates to be raised by Authority of this Act.

XCV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (nail, and are hereby impowered and required, once in every Year, or oftener, if they think proper, to make and sign two distinct Rates to be raised by an equal Pound Rate, according to the annual Rent or annual Value upon all and every Person or Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possess, or enjoy, any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, in any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, within the Linwts aforesaid; that is to say. One Rate for defraying the Expences of paving, repairing, cleansing, draining, watching, and lighting the several Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, and other open Places and Passages within the Limits aforesaid, and removing all or any Annoyances and Obstructions therein, not exceeding, in any one Year, Two Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound; and One other Rate for the Purpose of widening, enlarging, and improving of the said Lane or Way called Charter-hotfe Laney not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound, the Accounts of which said several Rates, and of the Payments of the Interest of the Monies which shall be borrowed, and Annuities granted on such Rates respectively, shall be kept separate and distinct from each other.

XCVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said first Rate or Rates shall commence from the said Second Tufday after the passing of this Act; and every such future Rate or Rates shall commence from the Time that the last proceeding Rates ended, and not otherwise, and the

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 68. 595

the Monies therein and thereby charged and assessed, shall be payable and recoverable Quarterly in Manner herein after directed.

XCVII. Provided always, That such aft-mentioned Rate, for the Purpose of widening, enlarging, R*tea i»t and improving CharUr-house Laney shall not be made or continued longer than Until the Monies to

raiftd in Manner herein after mentioned for those Purposes shall be paid off and satisfied.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Rates made by the^at*!* said Commissioners shall be allowed and ngned by Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said signcdfcy County of Middlesex,- who are also hereby impowered and required to grant a Warrant or Warrants ( the Peace, for collecting and levying the same; and the said Rates, after the same shall be so allowed and signed by the said Justices, shall be respectively collected Quarterly by the Person or Persons from Time to Time appointed determined by the said Commissioners pursuant to this Act to collect and receive the same: And ifKtanaerof any Person or Persons shall refuse, neglect, or omit to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, which he, she, or wery, if they shall be rated or assessed to such respective Rates, for the Space of Ten Days after personal Demand £erfoo wfufe made thereof, or Dema d in Writing left at the Place of Abode or Occupation of such Person or Per- ymeat*

Tons; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting, refusing, or omitting to pay the same te-speclively: And in case no such Goods or Chattels can be found to be so distrained, or in case such Goods and Chattels shall be locked up or secured, or removed from the said Collector or Collectors, so that he or they cannot distrain the same; then, and in either of the said cases, upon Information thereof given to the said Justices, or any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex% it shall and may be lawful for fmh Justices, and they are hereby required to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction or Common Gaol for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding the Space of Six Months, or until Payment of such Rate or Assessment, and reasonable Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof.

XCIX. And whereas it may happen, that many Persons liable to, and who may be charged, rated, HowR*t«m«y 4 and assessed towards defraying the Expences of the several Purposes of this Act, under the Direction be recovered,

of the said Commissioners, may, before Payment of the Sums which may be rated on them respect from Person*

tively, quit and leave their Lands, Grounds, Dwelling-houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, J?,tt'ng ^cir Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Square, Street, or Place, ou

where the same shall be rated and assessed, and remove to some other Square, Street, or Place, which are not within the Limits aforesaid, and thereby endeavour to avoid the Payment of the said Rates \ be it therefore enacted, That when any Person or Persons who hath or have been so rated and assessed shall quit his, her, or their Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar,

Vault* Building, Tenement, or Hereditaments, in any Square, Street, or Place, wherein such Rates shall have been made, before he, she, or they shall have paid the same respectively, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to pay the same when due and demanded by the Collector or Collectors authorised and appointed to receive the same; that then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex^ (which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant), in any Place wkhin the said County, or out of the Limits thereof, such Warrant being first backed orcoun-tersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty, where the Distress is to be made, (which Warrant such Magistrate is hereby required to back f>r countersign without Fee or Reward), to collect and levy such Rates respectively, and all Arrears due thereon, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay the same, wheresoever fuf h Goods and Chattels shall or may be found, and if within Five Days next after such Distress shall be made, the said respective Rates, and all Arrears due thereon, shall not be paid, together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping such Distress, the said Collector or Collectors shall cause the said Goods and Chattels to be sold, or such Part thereof as shall be fufRcient to pay the said respective Rates, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus, and the Goods and Chattels remaining (if any be) unto the Person and Persons whof Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold.

C. Provided always, That the said Commissioners may, if th:y shall think proper, sue in the Name Cjtwmissioneri or N-mcs of their Treasurer or Treasurers, for all or any of the Rates which shall be by them made may sue in the by virtue of this Act, and all Arrears due thereupon and unpaid, in which Action no Eflbin, Pro- Name of their ft Cl ion, or Wager of Law, or moie than One Imparlance, shall be allowed. Titafortr.

Cl. And it is hereby further enacted, That where any of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, E t House* Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall, at the Time bow to be iuted. of making any of the said Rates by the said Commissioners, be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied; then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them* to rate and assess such Premises respectively, at One Half of such Rates respectively, during the Time only that such Premises shall be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied, and also in case any such Premises, after the making such respective Rate or Rates, shall become empty, untenacted, or unoccupied, One Half only of such Rates, shall be charged on such Premises respectively, for and during so long a Time as the same shall continue empty, untenacted and unoccupied; and then, and How feck Rate* in any of the said Case-?, the said Rate or Rates, and all Arrears due thereon, shall he paid by the are to be p*>4. Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, or by the first or any other Tenant or Occupier thereof, in which last Case such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall and may,

jg6 C. 68.' Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

arid is and are hereby authorised to dedu& and detain the same out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents respectively, and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of such Premises, is and are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payment, upon Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their Ye-spective Rents; and the said Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be, and is, and are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of his, her, or their Rent, as the Rate or Rates, an<* Arrears due thereon, and so paid by him, her, or them, shall amount unto,

CII. And whereas there are many Houses, Buildings, Stables, Tenements, and Hereditaments, c € within the Limits aforesaid, which are taken on Leases for Years, or otherwise, and by the Lessees

'or Tenants, and also by Landlords or Owners, let out at Renrs under Ten Pounds a Year, or in Parcels, or separate Apartments, to Under-tenants, and other Houses and Premises let ready fur-

nished to Lodgers be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lessee, Landlord, Owner, or Proprietor of each and every such House, Building, Stable, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, so let out, or which shall be let out in Parcels or separate Apartments, or ready-furnished to a Lodger or Lodgers, shall be deemed and taken as the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and shall be liable and subject to the Payment of the Rates directed by this Act to be made, raised, and levied, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Premises.

Occupier* to ptj

CIII. And for the more easy Recovery of such Rates so to be made by the said Commissioners, be it the Rate* j j further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every Person so reriting or occupying any such Parcel or separate Apartment as aforesaid, shall be liable and compellable to the Payment of the said respective Rates, and all Arrears due thereon, to be recovered in Manner herein-before directed.

CIV. Provided always, That each and every respective Occupier or Occupiers who shall pay such

du&ed^out of" ^spective Rates, and any Arrears due thereon, or from whom the same shall be recovered in pursuance their Rent*' of this Act, shall and may deduct the same from and out of the next, or any other Rent due and payable from him, her, or them, to such respective Leflce, Landlord, Owner, or Proprietor; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, from his, her, or their Landlord, for so much Money as he, she, or they shall pay, or which shall be levied on the Goods and Chattels of him, her, or them, by virtue of this Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been actually paid to such Landlord.

Landlords not ter

CV. Provided also, That no such Landlord, LefTec, or Tenant, shall be charged with, or liable to

inwa*SCR«tr Ray any *ncrcafed Rent reserved or made payable to him, for or on Account of his paying such

o"Caccoante<tfr> Repaying the Rate*.

Publick, Build- 4

CVI. And forasmuch as it is reasonable that all publick Buildings, and all dead Walls and void ings. See. to be Spaces of Ground, shall be rated and affelLd in due Proportion towards the several Purposes of this aated« 4 Act, under the Direction of the said Commissioners,* it is hereby further enacted That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at their Discretion, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, to rate and assess, towards the Purposes of this Act, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, all Parish Churches, Parochial and other Chapels, Meeting-houses. Schools, Markets, Warehouses, and all other publick Buildings whatsoever, (charged or not charged to the Land-tax), situate, (landing, and being, in any Square, Street, or Place, within the Limits aforesaid, which now is or are, or hereafter may be built, or in building, at a Rate not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound, according to the clear yearly Income arising from such Parish Church, Parochial and other Chapels, Meeting-houses, Schools, Markets, Ware-houses^ and other publick Buildings respectively; and where there is not any such clear yearly Income, or the same cannot be fully ascertained, then, and in either of the said cases, the same shall be charged and a lie lied towards the Expences of paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, at a Rate not exceeding Sixpence per square Yard, in any One Year, of the Pavement paved or repaired under the Direction of the said Commissioners, and situate, lying, and bein*, in any such Square, Street, or Place* and belonging to such Parish Church, Parochial or other Chapel, Meeting-house, School, Ware-, house, or other publick Building, and towards the Purposes of Char ter-house Lane* at a Rate not exceeding One Shilling per Foot of the Front or Sides of such Parish Church, Parochial or other Chapel, Meeting-house, School, Warehouse, or other publick Building, towards any Square, Street, or Place, paved under the Direction of the said Commissioners; and the said Com niffio.iers, or any Seven or more of them, shall also, at their Discretion, yearly, or oftener, if needful, aliefs all Church-yards*, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, towards the Purposes aforesaid, and which are not ciia g d in respect of any Dwelling-house or other Building, by the Pound-rate, or otherw fe, by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes under the Direction of the said Commissioners; so that in the Whole such Rate or AftdFment towards the Expences of paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, shall not, in any One Year, exceed the Sum of Fourpence for every square Yard of Pavement p^ved or repaired under the Direction of the said Commissioners, situate as aforesaid, or belonging to or lying before* such Yards, dead Walls, or void Spaces of Ground, and for the Purposes of Charter-house Lane, not exceeding the Sum of F.ighrpence per Foot of the Front of such Church-yards, dead Walls and other void Spaces of Ground, towards any such Square, Street, or Place, as aforesaid; which Rates (halt commence the said Second Tufday after the passing of this Act, and the said Rate or Rates to be made and paid for such Parish Church, Church-yard, and parochial Chapels, shall be paid by the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens respectively, out of any of the Monies payable to, and received by, the said

or

c.

A.D. 177* Anna duodecimo Georgii III. C. 6. 597

Churchwardens or Chapel-wardens respectively, cither for Seats in the said Church or Chapela, or for Burial Fees; and the Rate or Rates to be made and paid for any other Chapel, Meeting-house, School,

Market, Warehouse, or other publick Building* dead Wall, or void Space of Ground, shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, and shall be charged and ch irge able on the said Premises, and be recovered and applied in such a Manner as other Rates and Assess-orients made, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, are directed to be recovered and applied by this Act.

CVII. And whereas there are several Houses, and other Buildings, within the Limits aforesaid, Unfinirtied frequently begun to be built, but ate not finished nor let; and forasmuch as it is reasonable that such Houses Uc. to- Houses and Buildings should be rated and assessed for the Purposes under the Authority of the said Commissioners;’ be it therefore enacted, That until such Houses, or other Buildings, which now are, or hereafter may be built, or in Building, shall be finished and tenacted, (if the Street, Square.

Lane, or other Place, wherein such Hoise, or other Building shall be situate, shall he paved and lighted* by virtue and in pursuance of this Act), it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby lequired and directed, when and as soon as conviently may bet to rate and assess, according to their Discretion, all such Houses, and other Buildings, which shall be situate within the Limits aforesaid, and which are or shall be erected and covered in, at a Rate not exceeding Fourpence for every square Yard of Ground paved, or to be paved, by virtue of this A and belonging to the Fronts or Sides of such H nifes, or other Buildings, and at a Rate not exceeding Eightpence per Foot of the Fronts and Sides of such Houses, or other Buildings, for the Pur-r poses of Charter house Lane; and for all Houses, and other Buildings, which are or shall beereded, and not covered in, at a Rate not exceeding Twopence for every square Yard of Ground paved, or to be paved, by virtue of this Act; and for every Foot belonging to the Fronts or Sides of such Houses, and other Buildings, not exceeding Fourpence, for the Purposes of Charter - house Lane, untit the same shall be covered in as aforesaid, and then at a Rate not exceeding Fourpence for every square Yard of Ground paved, or to be paved, and Eightpence per Foot, for the Purposes of Charter-houft Lane, until the same shall be let or occupied; which Rates or Assessiv.ents shall commence from the said Second Tufday after the passing of this AeR and ("hall be paid by, and be recoverable from the Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Leffecs, Owner or Owners, of such House or Houses, Building or Buildings respectively, and shall be chained and changeable on the said Premises: And if the said Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Ldiecs, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, upon Demand; then, and in every such Case, such relpttiive Rate or Rates, and all Arrears due thereon respe&iyely, shall and may be levied on the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so requited to pay the same in Manner herein-asur directed; and in case the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or LefTccs, of such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, shall not be Known, or cannot be found, or shall be under Commission of Bankrupt, th :n the said respective Rato or Rates made thereon shall be and remain charged and chargeable on the said Premises, until the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees can be found, or until Assignees, inr case of Bankruptcy, are appointed, when the fume, and all Arrears due thereon shall be levied on tho Goods and Chattles of such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Lessee or Lessees, or epon the Goods and Chattels of such Assignee or Assignees, who is and are hereby made liable to payr the same, or upon the said Premise3, in like Manner a* other Rates made by virtue of this Act, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, are made recoverable.

CVIII. And whereas there are, or hereafter may be, n< w Streets and Places which are not paved, Pjictt built of- and small Pieces or Parcels of Ground in several of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, on, a*dnot pa- Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the Limits aforesaid unbuilt upon, which are neither paved, ved, to berkw- clean fed, nor lighted ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to view and inspect any Square, Street, Line, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place, within the Limits aforesaid, which now is, or hereafter may be, built upon, or in building; and Notice left and if, upon such View, they shall be of Opinion that the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, is or Owner*, are fit and proper to be paved, the said Commissioners, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, after such View, shall and may order their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them appointed for that Purpose, to give Notice to the (jwntrr or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors,

Lessee or Lessees, of any such Lands, Grounds, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar,

Vault, Tenement, or Hereditament, in any such Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or anfmay be com-Place, or leave the lame at his, her, or their lass or usual Place of Abode, or with his, her, or their Se - pooooded for vant or Servants; or if ru> such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessee*?, can be found, then such Notice shall be stuck against the said Premises or any Parc tri reof; which Notice or paved by the shall r quire such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprieto », Lessee or Lessees, to meet such Com- Commissionea*. missioners at tlr; Time and Place therein mentioned, not being less than Ten Days from the Date of *ttheO«,i» such Notice, to compound for the paving thereof, at any Sum not exceeding Three Shillings for every "P400®*

(jjuare Yard of such Pavenvnt, whether Carriage-way or Foot-way 5 which Composition the said CommissionuTs are hereby authorised to make: And if such Owner, or Owners, Proprietor or Pro-pri tors, Le ee or Lessees, shall not attend, or shall not compound or agree with the said Commissioners as aforesaid; then ft shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the same to be paved as soon as conveniently may be; and all Charges and Expence;, attending such paving shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, L flee or LeiLvs, and shall be recovered and levied upon their Goods and Chattels. in the Manner herein-before directed*

CIX.

598 C. 68.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D.

177

Owners of tt-

CIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained c*nt Gr^UIlf not shall extend^ or be construed to extend, to impower the said Commissioners to charge, or make charge-more tLn 100 aMefany One Pfoprietpr, Owner, or Lessee, of such vacant Ground, with more than Two hundred 'fyure Yards, square Yards of Paving, on account of any such vacant Ground,* in any One Square, Street, or Place, until the same shall be built upon, or shall be in building.

Entriesof Rates.

CX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Commissioners, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to keep proper Entries, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose of all and singular the Rates and Assessments which they shall make by virtue of This Act, and shall keep the Entries of the Rates or Assessments made for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, separate and distinct from the Rates or Assessments made for the Purposes of Charter-house Lane; to which Book or Books every Person liable to pay the said Rates or A(TeAments respectively shall and may have free Access, at all convenient Times, and shall be permitted to inspect the same without Fee or Reward.

CXI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and Tenant, touching or concerning the paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, or watching any, or any Part of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, within the Limits aforesaid; but that every Person who is now by virt< e of any such Contract or Agreement, obliged to pave, keep in repair, cleanse, light, or watch any, or any Part of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall in Lieu thereof be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made and assessed, or so much thereof as the said Commissioners shall deem just; and according to the true Meaning of such Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during the Time that such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, shall remain in Force: And in case any Dispute shall arise, concerning such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, the said shall have Power to hear and finally determine the same.

CXII.^ And be it enacted, That all and every Person or Persons paying the Rates by this Act laid *- them, is and are hereby exempt-

Conrra&s between Landlord iand Tenant not to be void.

ryerfani paying Rates exempted

Arrears not to be excused.

Exemption of Charter-house Square.

Vom^avll^&c. an(* a^cflp^ by the said Commissioners, shall be, and they, and every of 1

p ed and discharged from the Expence of paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, or watching the said Squares, Streets, or Places, or any of them, and also from all Penalties which may or might be incurred by reason ofitheir neglecting to pave, repair, cleanse, light, or watch the same.

CXIII. ^Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act'Contained shall prevent the collecting any Arrears due from any Person or Persons wirhin the ^Limits aforesaid, for any of the Purposes of this Act, under the Direction of the said Commissioners.

CXIV. ^Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to charge the Inhabitants or Owners or Occupiers of any of the Houses or Tenements in Charter-hor/fe Square, or in the Courts within the same, with the Payment of any Rate or Assessment, at any Time to be made and levied by virtue of this Act, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Square?, Streets, Lanes, and other Places before mentioned, or to subject the said Square to be paved, cleansed,

lighted, and watched, in any other Manner than as directed and authorised by an Act made in the ^Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the JJecond, intituled, An Act to enable the present and future'Proprietors and Inhabitants t

Middlesex, to tnake a Rate for raijin\* Money effetlu Square, and to continue the same in Repair; this Act or any trary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector or Collectors of to ;h« Treasurer, respective Rates made under the Direction of the said Commissioners, shall pay the Money, as he

or they shall receive the same, to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Commissioners j and upon Payment of every such Sum of Money to such Treasurer or Treasurers, such Collector or Collectors shall take a Receipt for the same of the said Treasurer or Treasurers which in A not to retain be given without Fee or Reward, and therein the Name or Names of such Collector or Col-

Money iaHand. leftors shall be expressed, and the Sum or Sums of Money paid shall be specified: And if such Collector or Collectors shall at any Time keep and retain, in his or their Hands, more than the Sum of One hundred Pounds for any Time longer than the Space of Fourteen Days, (provided the Treasurer or Treasurers to such Commissioners shall within that Time be ready to receive the same) he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Day that he or they shall retain any Sum exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds beyond the said Fourteen Days.

CXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, when they shall judge it necessary for any or either of the Purposes aforesaid, to borrow and take up at Into rest such Sum or Sums of Money as any Person or Persons is or are willing to lend and advance upon the Credit of any of the said several Rates authorised to be made by the said Commissioners, and by any Writing or Writings upon Vellum or Parchment, figrnd by the said Commissioners, to assign the said Rates respectively, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money on any such particular Rate, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with Interest for the same; which Interest shall be payable and paid half-yearly by the TreTurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners for the Time being, out of the Monies to arise by or from the particular Rates or Assessments on the Credit of which such Monies were respectively advanced and paid.

CXVII.

f C&lle&or to pay

Commissioners may borrow Money on the Credit of the iUles.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 68. 59Q

CXVII. And whereas many Persons mav chufc to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities to Annuities to be be secured upon, and payable out of the respective Rates to be made by virtue of this Act by the said Commissioners be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for 1

any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners, on the Credit of such Rates respectively, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such respective Contributors, at the Time of Payment of their respective Contribution monies; all which Annuities so to be purchased shall be payable and paid by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being out of the Monies to arise by or from the particular Rates on the Credit whereof such Sum or Sums of Money were respectively advanced and paid, by Four equal quarterly Payments, the First Payment to be made to the respective Purchasers or their Affi^ns at the Expiration of the First Quarter after Payment of their respective Purchase-monies; all which Annuities shall be sold to the best Bidder at a Publick

Sale, Notice whereof shall he given in some Publick Newspapers Ten Days at the least before such Sale; and all and every the Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased shall be, and they are hereby, charged upon and payable, from Time to Time, out of the Monies arising by or from the particular Rate, on the Credit whereof such Sum or Sums of Money were respectively advanced and paid, to be raised and assessed by virtue of this Act, under the Powers of the said Commissioners, so as the Money to be raised, both by Mortgage of the Rates for the Purpose of making Sewers in St. Johns Strut and Cow Crojiy and by Annuities payable thereout, shall at no One Time exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and so as the Money to be raised both by Mortgage of the Rates for paving, cleansing, lightning, and watching, and by Annuities payable thereout, shall at no One Time exceed the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, and so as the Monies to be raised in like Manner both by Mortgage and An-» miitics on the Rates for widening, enlarging, and improving Charter-house Lane, shall at no One Time exceed the Sum of Four thousand Pounds.

CXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby, enacted, That until the respective Sums of Money bor- if Annuitant*-rowed by Mortgage of either of the said respective Rates, together with all Interest due thereon re- oieother Person* ^pectively, shall be repaid, as often as any such Annuitants shall die, it shall be lawful for any Person may Porchafr-©r Persons to purchase, of the said Commissioners, One or more Annuity, or Annuities, upon the "4 Jg0*®* Life of any Person or Persons so to be nominated upon the Credit of the Rates on which such Annuity was originallyVaised, upon such Terms and Conditions, and to be payable in such Manner as above mentioned; and the Money so xaised shall be applied in Discharge of the Money so borrowed by Mortgage on the OeJit of such Rate.

CXI a. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall purchase such Annoltiei not Annuity or Annuities, and shall duly pay the Purchase money for the same, and his, her, and their liable to T*x*s. respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities, so purchased, during the Term of the natural Life or Lives of the Person or Persons by them respectively nominated at the Time of such Purchase, and shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the said Annuities respectively, according, to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said Annuitants shall be subject or liable to any Tax assessed upon Land by Authority of Parliament; and every such Purchaser shall, upon Payment of his or her Purchase money as aforesaid, have an Order upon Parchment or Vellum for Pay-anent of the Annuity or Annuities so purchased by him or her, for or during the natural Life or Lives of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by him or her as aforesaid which Order shall be (sgned by the said Commissioners, and after signing thereof, shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in.

Law, according to the Purport and Meaning thereof, and of this Act.

CXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to and for any Person or Persons intitled to such Security or Securities, Annuity or Annuities, and his, her, or their roajr 1|n< Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, from Time to Time, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be indorsed on the Back of his, her, or their Security, or Grant, or by any other Writing or Writings, to be executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, toaflign such Security or Securities, Annuity* or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and so toties quoties; all which Alignments or Transfers shall be produced to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Commissioners, within Thirty Days next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry of such Transfers and Alignments to be made in the JBook or Books kept for such Entries in Manner as herein after directed, for which the said Clerk or Clerks, or One of them, shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and no such Transfer or Alignment shall be deemed valid, unless such Entry or Entries shall be firstr made.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners shall enter Securities,&c.to in a Book or Books, to be for that Purpose provided and kept by such Clerk or Clerks, all Securities be enterei »na for Monies borrowed or Annuities granted by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, under the Authority Book, of the said Commissioners, and all Assignments or Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and Description, of all such Persons as shall, from Time to Time, be intitled to such Securities and Grants, and upon what Rates particularly the same are charged and chargeable, and the Sums received by the said Commissioners upon such Securities; and also the Thames, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions of the Persons for whose Lives the said Annuities shall be respe&iYcly granted, an,d the Days whereon the said Annuities shall

1 be

6oo

C. 68. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A. 0.1772.

be respectively payable, to which Book or Books the Persons intitkd thereto, and all and every other Person or Persons liable to the Payment of the said respective Rates and Assessments, shall, at all leafon-able Times, have Access, with free Liberty to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward,

Treasurerito

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the Person or Per-P*X r?0^ int° sons» oranY or either of them, acting as Treasurer or Treasurers to such Commissioners as aforesaid, the Bank. shall at any Xime have received the Sum of Five hundred Pounds of the Monies appointed to be received by him or them, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, he or they shall, from Time to Time, pay the same into the Bank of England* in the Name and on the Account of such Commissioners, and the same shall be disposed of by Order of such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for the Purposes for which the same was received, under their Direction, by virtue of this Acth

Treasurer*, &c.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers, to account on Collector or Collectors, and other Officers to be appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid,

' for the Time being, shall, upon Seven Days Notice, in Writing, given, or left for them respectively,

at their usual Places of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to such Commissioners as aforesaid, deliver in upon Oath (if thereunto respectively required,) to the said Commissioners, at such Time and Place as they shall appoint; (which Oath such Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer); true and perfect Accounts in Writing, under the respective Hands of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, and other Officers and Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also nil Monies which he or they shall have received by reason of his or their said Office or Offices, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed for the Execution of this Act, and for what Purpose, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; also a true Lift of the Names of all Persons who shall have neglected or re-f.;fed to pay the respective Rates or Assessments laid on them by the said Commissioners, as aforesaid; and of the several Sums of Money, from him, her, or them respectively due and in Arrear, together with the Dates when the same respectively became due, and for what particular Rates, to the Intent that the same may be speedily got in and recovered; and if any Treasurer or Treasurers,

Offic«f8 refufinf Collector or Collectors, or other Officer or Officers, after such Notice given, shall neglect or refuse to

*0account to bring in his Accounts as aforesaid, and to produce and deliver the Voucher relating to the same re-

oiicitio. spectively, or to account for any Sum or Sums of Money by him or them received and col-

Jedled, and to pay the same and every Part thereof, as is herein-before directed, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Twenty-one Days after being thereunto required by them, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, respecting the said Books, Papers, and Writings; that then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers, shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal respectively, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, An Atftion against such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers, so ne^leCfc-ing or refusing as aforesaid, for the Recovery as well of the said Forfeiture as of the Monies which shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer or 1 reasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officers, or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by such Commissioners, or by any Person or Persons by them appointed, of any such Neglect or Refusal, to any Justice of the Peace for the County or

Place wherein such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer, or Persons, so neglecting or refuting, shall be and reside, such Justice may and is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer, or Persons so neglecting or refusing, to be brought before him, and upon his, het% or their appearing, or not being to xbe found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or the Testimony of any credible Withe fs or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice, that any of the Monies which shall have been collected, raised, and received by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such T rcafurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officers, or Persons, so unaccounted for by them respectively, t such Justice may and is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant or Warrants, under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money, as alfj such Forfeiture as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officers or Per-fjns respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officers, or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, as also the Forfeitures, and the Charges of distraintng ‘and felling the Goods and Chattels so distrained, or in case it shall appear to such Justice by the Confession of the Party so offending, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath, that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officers, or Persons, and he or they shall refuse to deliver the same as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction wantcf reflecting th. fame aforesaid; then, and in either of the said Cases aforesaid, such Justice shall com-offenders mi: evuy fjch Offender to the House of Correction, until he or they shall make and give a true ard to be committed, perfect Account as afonfiM. or until he or they dial compound with the said Commissioners, ard shall have paid such Compafitin in fich Manner as they shall appoint, which Composition the said CommissionKrs are hereby impow: ed to make, or until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, as aforefuJ, and give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners.

CXXIV.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 68. 601

CXXIV. Provided always, That no Person who shall be committed on account of his having no Offender* not u Goods and Chattels, shall oe detained in Prison for any Term longer than Six Calendar Months. tonprUunSix

CXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That Four Times at least in every Year an Ac-CoiieaoVi to account from the Book or Books, to be kept by the Collector or Collectors of the said respective Rates, count Four Duties, Sum and Sums of Money, so assessed by the said Commissioners, shall be fairly stated and signedTimM*Ywr* by the said Collector or Collectors, and delivered by him or them to such Commissioners as aforesaid who are hereby impowered to discharge the said Collector or Collectors of all Monies which he or they shall have truly accounted for.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if $ny Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, De*th or Officers, or other Persons, shall happen to die, or become Bankrupt, before he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the Monies by him or them received by virtue of this Act; then, and in every such

Case, the Executors, Administrators, or other legal Representative or Representatives, or Person or to pay the Mo-

Persons possessing the Estate and Effects of every such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, niei remaining«

Officer or Officers, or other Person, or the Assignee or Assignees of such Bankrupt, shall, out of such Hand to the

Estate and Effects, pay unto the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Commissioners, Trc"urer#

previous to the paying any other Debts or Sums of Money, all such Sums of Money as should be in

the Hands of such Persons respectively, at the Time of his or their Death, or at the Time of suing out

any Commission of Bankruptcy against him or them, and not paid over, or so much thereof as the said

Estate will extend to pay } and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Treasurer or Treasurers

shall be a good Discharge for the said Money; and every Executor or Administrator, Assignee or Affig- Whafc Receipt

Bees, or other Persons as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit commenced or brought against him, her,

or them, plead or give in Evidence the Authority of this Act for such Payment, and shall be allowed

the fame prior to any Debt or Demand whatsoever; and in case of Nonpayment of the same by the be*

Space of One Year after the same shall have been demanded, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, cwmcaced.

and they are hereby directed and required, to commence One or more Action or Actions, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at IV'jlnrinJier, against such Executors, Administrators, Assignee or Assignees,

or other Persons, as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the same \ in which Action, no Eflbin, Protection,

or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers to TWorer to pty the said Commissioners as aforesaid, for the Time being, shall and may, and is and are hereby autho- Monies draw* rifed and required, out of the Monies paid to him or them in pursuance of this Act, to pay all Suras of0*011*®* Money drawn upon him or them, or ordered to be paid by such Commissioners for the respective Purposes under their Direction by virtue of this Act 5 and the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time* kXpaTe-|m being shall, and is and are hereby required to keep regular and fair Entries in a Book or Books, to be by

him or them for that Purpose provided, of all and Angular the Receipts and Payments which he or they shall make as aforesaid, and shall keep the Accounts of the Monies received and paid for or in respect of each respective Rate, separate and distinct from each other j and also that the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being shall have the said Accounts audited and passed by the said Commissioners, who are hereby impowered and required to audit and pass the same Half-yearly, if they approve thereof.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Actions Commissioner shall be brought by, or by Order of such Commissioners, against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for 1 Vcr-

the Recovery of any Money or Monies payable by virtue of this Act, or for any Materials, Matters, and Things, fold and delivered by them, or either of them, their, any or either of their Officers, by '

their, or either of their Order, or for the Recovery of any Rate or Rates, or any other Purpose whatsoever, and a Verdict shall be had and given against any such Person or Persons against whom such Action or Actions shall be brought, such Person or Persons shall pay Double Costs $ and the said Commissioners, in such Action or Actions, shall have such Remedy or Remedies for recovering the same, as any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may have for his, her, or their Cous, in any other Cases by Law.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Peatldei and by this Act imposed, either for the Purposes of the Poor, or touching the Matters under the Di rest ion Forfeiture* how of the Commissioners appointed by this Act, (the Manner of leving and recovering whereof is nottokc rec?Terc* hereby otherwise particularly directed), shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods *ppUe4# and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, and the Informer is hereby rendered a competent Witness; and the Penalties and Forfei- |il<w0ltr tures, when recovered, after tendering the Overplus (if any be} upon Demand, to the Party or Partiesacom^cemtW|t. whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted, shall be paid to the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, or to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners for the Time being, according to the Nature of such respective Penalties and Forfeitures, and shall be applied to and for the Purposes for promoting whereof such Penalties and Forfeitures are respectively inflicted or given by this Act.

CXXX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for the said Commiflumen Vestrymen or Commissioners respectively, at any Meeting to be held in Pursuance of this Act, to order reward lathe Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, or the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners for thefornKr% Vox. XL 4 H Time

6oi C. 68.1

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Time being, so pay such Part of the said Penalties to the Informer as they shall judge reasonable, not exceeding One Half thereof.

Distrefi not to be

CXXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Distrest shall deemed unlawful be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, either for the Purposes of Form!*11" ^oor» or Matters under the Direction of the Commissioners appointed by this Act* the Distress

itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed aTrefpafler or Trespassers on account of any Defect or want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed aTrefpafler or Trespassers ab initio% on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party of Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in any Action on the Case. Plaintiff not to

CXXXII. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiff's shall recover in any Action, or for any eVAmends hash IrrcSu^ar*ty> Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on

bw made* the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, of caused to be committed, every or any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into the Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings or Order and hrdg-ment shall be had, made, or given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is

# allowed to pay Money into Court.

Persons aggrieved

CXXXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Per-Quarter-session*. sons think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, by any Matter or Thing done, or directed to be done, in pursuance of this Act, for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already

appointed, either for the Purposes of the Poor, or the Matters under the Authority of the said Commissioners, such Person or Persons shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the said County of Middlesex, within Three Months next after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving, or

causing to be given. Fourteen Days Notice at the lead in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Vestry Clerk, or to the Clerk or Treasurer to such Commissioners, as the Case may be, and within Four Days next after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, withTw* sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abides the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices of such Quarter-sessions; and the said Justices at such Quarter-sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices at their Quarter-sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order* Judgment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, or Assignment, Transfer, or other Security for the borrowing of Money, granting Annuities, or other Writing whatsoever under the Hand and Seal, or Hand* and Seals of, or only signed by any Vestry man or Vestrymen, Commissioner or Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them* or any of them, touching, concerning, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vested in such Vestryman or Vestrymen, Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace* or any of them, or Transfer or Assignment of any of the Securities or Grants aforesaid made by any Person or Persons, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

_ f

CXXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rate or Rates, AflWTment wiat of Form.or or Assessments, nor any Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offender* against this Act, or any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in, or relating to, the Execution of this Act, either for the Purposes of the Poor, or any of the Matters under the Direction of the Commissioners appointed by this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences of passing this Act, and all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, or attending any Applications to Parliament relative thereto, by and on Behalf of any of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed, out of the first Monies arising by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, watching, and lighting.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing clone in pursuance of this Act for the Purposes of the Poor, or any of the Matters under the Direction of the said Commissioners, until Thirty Days Notice dial I be thereof given in Wi iting'to the Vestry Clerk, or to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, as the Case may be, or, after Satisfaction, or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and ail such Actions and Suits shall be laid and tried in the County of MiMlefex, and not elsewhere; and that the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Adicns, Suit or Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Iftiic, and give this Act, and the Special M :tter, in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which Avail be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing, for or on which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, was done

in

Writings to be \vithout Stamps,

►receedin's not

F.rpences of the Act how to be borne.

'Limitation of Actions*

'General Issue.

A. 0.1772. Anoo duodecimo Geoikjii III. C. 69. 603

in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Thirty Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purposelimjted, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a pifcontinuance of such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions,

Suit or Suits, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Reme- Treble CoA«, dy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in other Cases by Law.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed PMfck and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for paving, lighting, clean Ting, watering, and watching; the Streets, and other publick Places within such Parc of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Midd)efext as lies on the West Side of Tottenham-court Road -9 and for preventing Nuisances and Ob-strudions therein; and for obliging the Trustees for the Care of the said Road to pave, repair, and cleanse such Part of the said Road, as is herein described.

WHEREAS the Parish of Saint Pancras^ in the County of Rftddlesex, is very large and exten- five, and of late Years several Hous?s have been erected upon such Part thereof as lays Weft-

ward of Tottenham-court Road, and several other Buildings are likely to be erected within that Part of the said Parish: And whereas, by reason of the great Number of Carriages which pass and repass through the Streets within that Part of the said Parish, the Pavements thereof are in a very bad State,

and in a continual want of Repair, and the said Parish is not duly lighted, cleansed, or watched,

and is subject to Annoyances and Incroachments: And whereas it would be of great Benefit and Safety

to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and to all other Persons passing and repassing through the same, if the said fever.il Streets, and other publick Passages within that Part of the Parish of Saint Paner as, which lays on the West Side of Tottenham-court Road, were properly paved, lighted, cleansed,

and watered, and all Nuisances and Annoyances removed and prevented in future, and also if a Nightly Watch was to be established under proper Regulations; but the several beneficial Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That George Alcock, William Bryer, James Butlery Henry r Brooksbank, Joseph Babbs, Thomas Bray, John Cox, Samuel Coates, John CroJJe,

Colonel

Nam*.

Bullock, Thomas

Charles Campbell, George Clavaring, Sir George Cooke, Thomas Summers Cocks, Abraham Chambers, George

D-L...* n .... rv-.. r*_____ r;_____ a. tt_____..li_ ✓>/.

ccyne,

Hitt, Bartholomew Hammond, William Htham, Charles Hunt, Alexander Je]>hJ\In, Thomas Jemmitty John Jones, Jacob Lerouxy Stephen Cetfar Lemaijlre, Thomas Morey Arthur Molesworthe the Reverend Anthony Stephen AlaltheWy the Reverend Samuel Aiarkham, John Middleton, Hurry Daniel Mander, Herbert Ajackworth, Middleton Onjlously Sir Charles Price Knight. John Perrott, Edmund Pepys, William Pars,

?ohn Pinxtony the Reverend Roger Parry, Thomas Rhodes, Benjamin Reynold, Burkat Shudi, John nowdony John Sheldon, Edward Stanley, Philip Stephens, John Tayhry Philip Elias Turjl,

Ti'cpCy Taylor, John Wright, John Walker M. D. Sir Charles Whitwcrthy John Wade,

John Arnold Wallinger, Saunders Welsh, Richard Wilson, and Matthew Yatcman, shall bfc, and are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution: And in cale of the Death of any of the On Death, *«. said Commissioners, or of their Refusal or Neglect to ad, for the Space of Two Years, or becoming of Comnvthonen disqualified^ it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any Seven or more of choftn.* them, at any Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to led and appoint One other Person to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of each Commissioner dying, refilling, neglecting, or becoming disqualified to act as aforesaid; and every Person who shall be to elected and appointed, is hereby vested with the same Powers and Authorities as the Commissioner in whose Place he was elected and appointed was vested with.

II. Provided always, That no Person whatsoever shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Qualification of Execution of this Act, unless he shall be, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Commissioners Possession or Receipt of the Rents of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value newnuy of Forty Pounds j or polTcflbd of, or intitled to a Personal Lftute, of the Value of One thousand a

Pounds.

604 C. 69.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Penalty on Officers receiving Fees above their Salar.es*

nAofthofe who

III. provided also, That no Person hereafter to be elected a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, shall be capable of acting as such in the Execution thereof, unless he shall be, intis own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, issuing and arising from Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate, lying, or being within the Limits of this Act, and rated and assessed for the Purposes thereof; or shall be refiaent within the Limits of this Act, and possessed rmSSkd* °^» or to a Personal Estate, of the Value of One thousand Pounds: And if any Person,

ao ^laune not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with Full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or In-f formation, wherein no Eflbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof given by the Prosecutor, than that such No Commissioner Person prosecuted hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: But no Person shall ia of Profit*PltCe any ^a*c caPable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, during such Time as he 0 r0 shall hold any Office, or enter into any Contract, or have any Share or Interest in any Contract by virtue of this Act.

appointOfficcrf0’

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or ’ any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to appoint One or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, with such Allowances as they shall judge reasonable; and also may, from Time to Time, appoint such other andnu remove ®®ccr or Officers as they shall find necessary and convenient, and shall or may take Security from all thei^an!la£?e such Persons for the due Execution of their respective Offices; and may, from Time to Time, remove

point others; all or any of the said Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, and appoint others in the Room of

and allow them such of them as shall be so removed, or that shall die; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or

Salaries. more of them, shall and may, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, pay such Salaries, and

make such other Allowances to such Officers and other persons so to be appointed, or who shall be anywise employed in the Execution of this Act, a3 they the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit: And in case any Treasurerj Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer or Servant, which shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, shall exact, demand, take, or accept, any Fee* or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries and Rewards as shall be appointed and allowed by such Commissioners as aforesaid, for, or on account of any Thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this (Act, or for forbearing to do any Thing ordered or directed to be done by the Commissioners, relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall any way be concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contract, quade, or to be made, by such Commissioners, or any of them, for any of the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending shall for ever be incapable of being employed under this Act, and shall also forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same,

by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, within Six

Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, wherein no Protection, Eflbin, or Wager of Law,

or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, the V. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, or any

cn, Five or more of them, shall meet together at the Two Blue Posts in Tottenham-Court Road, in the said Parish, on the Thursday Seven-night after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Fore* noon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves, and meet at the Place aforesaid, or at any other Place or Places within the said Parish, as such Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think For want of a proper or convenient, for putting this Act into Execution: And if it shall happen that there shall not sufficient Num- appear, at any such Meeting, a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act, and to adjourn; then, and °^ten as happen, the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall appoint the said Commis-

tb«V Meeting.nC> fiuners to meet on that Day Seven-ni^ht, at the same Place at which such last Meeting was appointed Commissioners to have been held, and the kid Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings, pay their own Ex-

to pay their own PenCCS.

Sixpences.

Proceeding* to te

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, of the said Commissioners* cmtercvi in a from Time to Time, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be n °w# u. signed by the Chairman at the next Meeting; and all such Orders shall then be deemed and taken to ResdinETi- Original Orders, and such Book or Books-shall and may be produced and read in Evidence, in all dence. ~ Courts whatsoever.

No Aa valid

VII. Provided always, That no Act of the said Commissioners shall be valid, unless the Number of tmlefi done at % Commissioners authorised to do such Act shall be present, and also unless the same shall be done at publick Meeting. forne Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, and confirmed at the next subsequent Meeting; but all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in the said Commissioners, shall and may, from Time to Time, be exercised by the major Part of them who shall attend at any Meeting to be hvdden as herein before mentioned; and all Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of the said Commissioners, as aforesaid, shall have the fa pc Force and Eftcftas if the same had been done or made by all the Commissioners for executing this Act*.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 69. 605

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Property of the said Pavements, Lamp*, Iron, Timber, Property of Furniture, and all Materials and Thing* which shall be made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall P^rff'cnp' be, and the same is hereby vested in the Commissioners; and they, or any Five or more of them, are ^flLnen. °m" beicby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the

Name or Names of any One or more of them, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, or to prefer, and order and direct the preferring of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall (leal, take, or carry away the same, or any part or Parcel thereof: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully Penalty on Da» or maliciously break up, destroy, or otherwise damage or spoil any of the said Materials, or Things, or any making Woilu* of the Works done in pursuance of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, every Person so offending therein, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, (halt, for the First Offence* forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, and for the Second, and every other Offence, any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings; to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of the Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be made; which Forfeiture shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act:

And in case the Person or Persons so offending and convicted shall have no Goods or Chattels where- For wint of Dtf-upon the same can be levied; then, and in such Case respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and Offender ur for One or more of such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, by Warrant under his or their bec#mmllte-# Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit such Person or Persons respectively to the House of Correction, there to remain for any Space, not exceeding Two Calendar Months, nor less than Ten Days, to be reckoned from the Day of Commitment; and the Person or Persons incurring such Penalty, and being convicted thereof, shall not be discharged, until he, she, or they shall have paid the Sum forfeited as aforesaid, or until the Expiration of the respective Times for which he, she, or they shall be committed as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Property of air Stones, Posts, and all and every Part and Old Materials*. Parts of the old Materials which shall belong to the old Pavement, as well of the Carriage as the Foot- *c- >*» ways, within the Limits aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners; and it shall ororodRonera^ and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, by their Order, to sell and dispose thereof, or of all or any Part of Parts thereof, to such Person or Persons, who shall be willing to buy or purchase the same; and to apply the Purchase money arising by such Sale to the Purposes of this Act: And if any Pe rfon or Persons, Paymcati to be to whom such Materials, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be fold, shall refuse or neglect to m*dt in Tea pay for the same, within Ten Days after Sale thereof, to him, her, or them, jt shall and may be law- D*7* ful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, for the Recovery of the Money due for such Materials so fold; in which Action or Actions no Essoin, Protection, or.

Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any old Material* Five or more of them, to order all or any of the said old Materials to be made use of in paving and ft- may bemad* pairing any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Mewse, Alley, Passage, or Place, within the Limits use°6 aforesaid; and from Time to Time to hire any Piece or Pieces of Ground, to lay and dispose of all or

any such old Materials in or upon, until such Time as they shall have Occasion to use the same;, any Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or Ground may be any Seven or more of them, to hire any Piece or Pieces of Ground for the Purposes of digging Gravel, hired for getting, for the better paving the said Streets, Squares and Places, for such Time, and for such Sum and Sums Crarel,

of Money, as to them shall appear reasonable; which Sum and Sums of Money shall be paid out of the Monies arising, or to arise, by virtue of this Act; and to buy such Carts, Horles, Teams or Carriages, and Cam, frc. as may be necessary for the Purposes of Carting such Gravel, or for cleansing the Squares, Streets, purchased for Lanes, Courts, Yards Mewses, Alleys, Passages, and Places, or for any other Purpose directed by this c*rtJnl Act; and also to hire such Persons, buy such Materials, and make such Regulations, for the better deanfing the same, as they, or any Seven or more of them, in their Discretion, shall think proper.

XII. And be it it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them, are Coramifliorer* hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, at any of their said Meetings, as Occasion shall may Control require, to contract with any fit Person or Persons, for paving, keeping in Repair, cleansing, lighting, P*vin& and watering, all or any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Yards, Mewses, Passages, StTecu* *-or Places, within the Limits aforesaid; which Contract and Contracts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the same Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of a Nonperformance thereof; and shall be sign-cd by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and also by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works respectively; which Contract shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to such Commissioners; but, previous to the making of any such Contract, Fourteen Days Notice, at the least, shall be given in some of the publick Newspapers, expressing the Intention of such Contract, in order that any Person or Persons, willing to undertake the same, may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Commissioners, at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned: And if any Person or Persons,

a other

606 C. 69.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A. E). 1771.

Works to be m*

penalty on Por- other than the Scavenger contraQing with the Paid* Commissionersi or those employed under him, shall, or^Aihei the Privity or Consent of the Owner, carry away any Cinders or Ashes from any House, ot

a^ay, not being* other Premises, in any Saaare, Street, or Place, within the Limits aforesaid, that such Person or Per* the Sc 4 van per. Tons, so carrying away such Cinders or Ashes, shall forfeit a Sum, not exceeding Five Shillings, for every Penalty on Own- such Offence; and in case the Person, who shall carry away the Cindfers and A flies without being pro- «r* of the C*rt. perly authorised by the Scavenger cannot be apprehended, that then a like Penalty of Five Shillings shall be forfeited by the Owner of the Cart in which such Cinders or Ashes shall be placed, in order to be carried away.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any ;Five or more of them, and they are hereby directed to cause all and every of the Works done in pursuance of this Act to be inspected by their Surveyor ot Surveyors, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall, from Time to Time, appoint; and in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently performed, according to the Intent and Meaning of such Contract or Contracts, or shall not befinifhect and completed at or within the Time or Times that the same is or are agreed to be completed by the said Contractor or Contractors, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, shall report the same to the said Commissioners, at their next or any ocher subsequent Meeting, who shall or may thereon, in their own Names, or the Names of any Five or more of them, or in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Tirrte being, bring an Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster, against any Person or Persons so contracting and neglecting to perform any such Contract or Contracts; and for any Penalty or Penalties which shall be contained in such Contract or Contracts; and, on Proof of the Signing of the said Contract or Contracts, and Nonperformance thereof at the Time or Times for that Purpose therein mentioned, the said Commissioners shall be intitled to, and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties, which, when recovered, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XIV. Provided always, That it shall and maybe lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree with any such Person or Persons, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contract or Contracts made or entered into in pursuance of this Act, on account of any Breach or Nonperformance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, so as the Sums so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts 5 and all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby.

Xv. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

(CojnraHTioner*

cnajr compound for Breach of Comra#.

Piviors, Carter*, 4cc. to be appointed.

;Dispatfc* about Wafes, how to be settled. Commissionera <.*nay cause the Streets, Ssc. to be new paved,

A*

or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, to order and direct such and so many Paviors, Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, in the respective Works as aforesaid, as they shall judge necessary for the due Execution of such Works; and no Person or Persons shall, for any Act done in consequence of his, his, her, or their being so employed by Order of such Commissioners, be subject or liable to any Action, Indictment, or Information, upon the Statute made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth^ intituled An At! containing divers Orders for Artificerr, Labourer,r, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices: And in case any Dispute shall arise with respect to the Wages of such Paviors, Artificers, or Labourers employed, all such Disputes may be settled by an$f One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, and the same shall be final.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, may cause all or any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, or Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, whether Foot or Carriage-ways, within the Limits aforesaid, to be new-paved or repaired; and for such Purposes may cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into the same, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, as they shall judge neccifany; and may likewise cause the Ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the Course of the Channels running in or through the same to be turned or altered, new Grates to the Common Sewers to be added or replaced, and in what Number of Places they shall think proper; and the Water-pipes which now lie, or hereafter shall be laid under Ground, to be taken up and new-laid in such Places, Manner, and Form, as they shall judge bell; and may cause all or any Polls or Rails, in such Streets or Places within the Limits aforesaid, as they shall judge useless, or to be a Nuisance or Obstruction either to Foot Passengers or Carriages, to be taken up and removed; and likewise all Steps, Bulks, Stalls, Dung-boles, Saw-pits, Shew-glasses, and Shew-boards, or Goods expufed for Sale, or otherwise incroaching upon the Foot-way 5 as also all Steps and Doors opening or leading from the Foot-way or Carriage-way into Vaults, Cellars, and other Places, to be removed, filled up, and altered, as they the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall judge necessary. fptjnalty on alter-

XVII. And be it further enacted, That noPeifon or Persons shall alter, or cause to be altered, the ing the form of Form of any of the said Squaies, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, or Places, Streets, &c. e- which shall be paved by Order of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or the Manner of the Pavement thereof, or in anywise incroach thereupon; or put up any Port or Ports, Step or Steps, or ere£l any Bulks or Stalls, or place out any Shew-glaifes or Shew-boards, or Goods exposed for Sale, or otherwise, so as to be an Incroachment; or make any Dung-holes or Saw-pits; upon Pain that every Person so ofhnding shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, ov.raiul above the Expences of relaying and reinstating such Pavements, or taking down such Polts, Bulks, or Stalls, and removing or altering such Shew-boards or Shew-glasses, or filling up such Dung-holes or Saw-pits, according to the Direction of the said Commissioners.

retting Bulks,

placing Shew-& c.

A.D. 177#. Afinb c&odeelmo GEORGHIIIr C. 69. 607

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons what- *erfoot dlrgin^ foerer, from and after the passing of this Act, shall dig any Earth, or leave any Hole in any Street or ^wfoV^khft Place before any House of Tenement built or in build irfg, within the Limits aforesaid, Tor the Purpose Taojt#> to of making Vaults, or any other Purposes whatsoever, and shall not inclose the same in a good and fuf- inclosetbc Urns* ficierrt lVlanher to be approved of by the Surveyor for Surveyors to the said Commissioners; or if any such Person or Persons shall keep up such Inclosure longer than the said Commissioners shall think absolutely rreoTTary, or shall not well and sufficiently fence or rail before the Ar6a or Areas fronting to any Street or Place; every Person or Persons, guilty of any of the Offences aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and the like Sum of Five Pounds for every Week that such Nuisance shall be continued.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Householder or Householders, within the Limits afore- Tnhabltantm* said, shall makd Complaint in Writing, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and shall leave the gi*e Notice to fan*e at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Commissioners of any Surveyor* whe* Defeat or want of Repair in any of the Pavements within the Limits aforesaid, before or after the same shall have been new-paved or repaired by virtue of this Act, Three Days before the Meeting of the said ep

Commissioners; then, and in every such Case, the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall view the said Pavement, and report the Condition thereof to the said Commissioners at their next Meeting; and if the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall, upon such View, find the Pavement complained of to be bad and defective (unless such Defeat shall appear to arise from the Water Pipes lying under such Pavement), the said Commissioners shall give Orders to their Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, to repair the same, within such Time as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall judge necessery for the Repair thereof, which Time shall be specified in such Order: And if the Contractor or Wnakyonr Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, to whom such Order shall be given, shall not repair and amend such P?*®*18^ Pavements withm such Time as he or they shall be directed by the said Commissioners to repair as aforesaid; then, and in every such Case, the said Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day that the said defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired, after the Time limited by the said Commissioners in their said Order; and One Half of everyr such Penalty shall be applied and paid to the Inhabitant making such Complaint, for his or her Loss of Time and Trouble in and about the Premises.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall^ on any such View

Views, be of Opinion, that the Pavement or Pavements mentioned to be bad and defective by such p^j^n^not Householder or Householders in such Notice is not bad and defeCHve; then, and in such Case, the said defeaive Com-Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, fhaltproceed forthwith to view the said Pavement, and missionm to their Opinion and Order concerning the same, after such View, shall be final and conclusive, any Thing Tkw-theiame. in this Act contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall Street*, have full Power and Authority to cause allor any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Wltered* Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the Limits aforesaid, to be watered as often as they shall think fit,

and also to cause such Number of Wells to be dug or sunk in such Places (not being a Vault, Cellar, Wells sunk, or other Building, under any of the Streets and Places aforesaid), as they shall think proper; and also and Pump*e-any Pump or Pumps to be erected in or near such Places, and also any Pumps now (landing, or which frail hereafter be erected, for the Purposes of watering the said Sauares, Streets, Lanes^ Courts, Yards,

Mewses, Alleys, Passage§, and Places, to be removed and altered; and to defray the Expences thereof out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or any Five or’more of them, shall Projeaions, *c. and may cause all Trees, Signs, Sign-posts, Sign-irons, Dyers, Scourers, and Barbers Poles, Gr any to b€removed* other Poles, Porches, Penthouses, Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, projeding into or over the Highways-

and Footways, and all other Incroachments, Projections, or Annoyances whatsoever, within the Limits aforesaid, (save and except all Porticoes now erected), to be taken down and removed; and shall cause all Signs, Boards, and Gutters, to be affixed close to or on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Ware-houses, or Buildings whereunto they respectively belong; and shall return, or cause to be returned, to* the respective Owners, all such Signs, bign-posts, Poles, Sign-irons, Boards, Spoutsrand Gutters, or so much thereof as shall not be affixed, or put up, or otherwise made use of in the Alterations, directed to be made in pursuance of this Act; and that for the future, all Signs, Sign-posts, and Gutters, shall Signs to be fixed be placed and fixed close to or on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and Buildings, to which on the fronts, they respectively belong, and not otherwise: And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time hereafter, *c*alt on a bang, place, erect, or build any Sign, Sign-port, or other Ports, Sign-iron, Pole, Porch, Penthouse, s^ondVtfeiKei Board, Spout, Gutter, or other Projection, Obstruction, or Annoyance whatsoever, or cause the same to be done, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every Person so offending shall, for cvciy such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings; and the Sum of Five Pounds for every Week the same shall be continued, after Notice in Writing given by the Commissioners to remove the same.

XXIII. And whereas it might tend to the publick Convenience if all Buildings and Erections, projecting Buildups pro-

into or upon the Footways, were taken down and removed; as also all Doors of Cellars, leading from jcttmgmay t*

and out of any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Paffigcs, and Places,

and all Steps belonging thereto, and all other Projections whatsoever, and riot herein-before mcn- tioned, were taken down, removed, or altered in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall di-

reck;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever in

- A aii y wife

608 CL 69.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

anywifeintcrested in any of the said Premises, upon Ten Days Notice to then* given, or left in Writing at the House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode, of such Person or Persons, or at the House, Shop, Shed, or other Place, of the Tenant in Possession of such Premises, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree for the Sale of any such Premise6, or any Part or Part9 thereof, or for their Intereu therein; Where Persont then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall cause the refuse to treat, Value of the Premises to be inquired, into, and ascertained, by and on the Oath of a Jury of Twelve &c. the Damage indifferent Men of the County of Middlesex\ (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One or more to be of them, is ai\d are hereby impowered and required to administer); what Damages will be sustained by.

Jury

Witnessei to be summoned and examined upoa Oath.

Verdict of the

and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested in the Premises before mentioned, or any Part or Parts thereof, which the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them shall think proper to be pulled down and removed for their respective Interests therein; and in order thereunto the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered and required, from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion, to summon and call before the said Jury, and to examine upon Oath all Persons whatsoever, who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as Witnesses touching4 or concerning the Premises; (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is and are hereby impowered and required to administer); and if any of the Parties interested shall re^ueft the same, or the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think it necessary, shall also cause the said Jury to view the Place or Places in question, and shall use all other lawful Ways or Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises, in such Manner as they the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think (it; and after the said Jury shall have so inquired of, ascertained, and settled such Jury to be fin*!. j)amagCS aiu] Recompence, they the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall thereupon order and adjudge the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury for the said Premises, as aforesaid, to be paid to the Persons interested in the said Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, according to the Verdict and Inquisition; and the Orders and Adjudications, so had and made, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whatsoever, claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, Assigns, or Successors, respectively, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, Ideots, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever, as well as all other Person or Persons whomsoever, and all and every Person and Persons, in anywise interested in the Premises, or in any Part or Parts thereof, shall, from and after Payment, or Tender of the Money so assessed and adjudged as aforesaid, in Manner hereafter directed, be hereby, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, divested of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Properly, of, in, or to the lame.

for^remiT* set-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be intitled, either in Reversion or Re-UrdtolikeUte.mainder, to any such Premises, the Money so awarded by a Jury, as a Satisfaction, shall be settled to the same Uses as the Premises were, unless such Person so interested shall consent to give up such Reversion ary Interest.

Sheriff to issue

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the summoning and returning SLuSTjZ Jury or Juries, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered,

from Time to Time, to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex,

thereby requiring him to impanel, summon, and return an indiftemu Jury of Twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, of which Time and Place, all Parties interested shall have Ten Days Notice given or left, in Manner last before mentioned; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impanel, summon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so impanelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall cause to be (worn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return so many of the Standers-by as shall be necessary to make up the Number of Twelve to serve on such Jury.

XXyl. Provided always, That in case the said Sum or Sums so assessed by the said Jury, and ordered and adjudged by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more or them, to be paid as a Satisfaction to the Owners, Occupiers, or others, for their respective Interests in the said Premises, shall not be paid, tendered, or left, as herein mentioned, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, within One Calendar Month after the same shall hive been so assessed, ordered, and adjudged; then, and in such Case, the Verdict of the said Jury, am: Order and Adjudication of the said Commissioners, pr any Seven or more of them, shall not be binding upon the faiu Parties; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, That all Persons concerned shall, from Time to Time, have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they ShfriffCmaking come to f^'orn; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, aCbng in the Premises, Default. shall have Power, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, or

h s Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall he summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or shall refu(e to be sworn on fuc h July, or to give their Verdict, or in any Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of the Persons who, being remiired to give Evidence touching the Premises, shall refuse to be examined or give Evidence, and, from Time to Time, to levy such Fine or Fines, in such Manner as any Penalties in this Act are directed to be

kvied

Verdict mt binding, unlef* SarisUthon be made within a Month.

Juries may be chillenged.

A.D. 177*. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 69. 609

levied and recovered, so that no Fine shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any One Person for any One Offence-

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sums of In ci(r of D»f-Money shall be so assessed or due as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if, by reason of Disputes depending P"te*

in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Default of Evidence, or otherwise, it shall not appear to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, what Person or Persons is or are intitled to the U'e Ar ' fame; or if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to take in his, her, or their Mortgage-money due upon the Premises, after Notice given to him, her, or them, for that Purjaofe; that then, and in all and every such Case or cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to order the Sum or Sums so assessed and awarded as aforesaid, or as shall be due on any such Mortgage, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners for the Time being, for the Use of the Parties interested in the said Premises, to be paid to them, and every of them, according to their respective Estates and Interests in the said Premises, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall, by any Order to be by them made, direct.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money, or other Consideration, Rc- Conndeution-compence, or Satisfaction to be paid, made, or given, pursuant to any Agreement, Award, Judgment, *??"*»* w* Sentence, Decree, or Determination, as shall be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be, and are here- 1 coutofRltc,» by charged and chargeable, upon all or any Part of such Money or Monies as shall be received by virtue of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or any Five or more of Name* of Stwtti them, shall cause to be painted, engraved, or described, in Stone or Wood, or otherwise, and to be affix-

cd in a conspicuous Part of One or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings, at or near each End, U

Corner, or Entrance, of each of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages and Places, the Name by which each respective Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Mewse,

Passage, and Place, is properly or usually called or known, and shall also cause every House, Shop, or Warehouse, in each of the said Streets and Places, to be marked and numbered in such Manner as they shall judge most proper for distinguishing the same; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, Penalty on de-pulJ down, injure obliterate, or deface, any such Names, Pescription, Marks, or Numbers, or any Part fating the Num-or Parts thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending shall, for every such ber,»&c» Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times here- Annoyances p!a-

after, drive or place, or cause to be driven or placed, in any of the Carriage-ways within the Limits c»n the Car-a fore said, any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, or on any Part or Parts thereof, so as be

to occasion any Annoyance whatsoever, and shall not immediately remove the same, when required so JJ^cs to*hereto do by any Person or Persons whatsoever 5 or if any Person or Persons shall set or place any such medied. Carriage, for the Purpose of loading or unloading thereof, or for any other Purposes, upon any Foot-

crossing in any Square, Street, Way, Lane, Passage, or Place, within the Limits aforesaid $ every Person so offending (nail, for every or either of the said Offences, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings; and any One of such Commissioners, or any Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, may seize, or cause to be seized, any such Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, together with the Horse or Horses, if any shall be thereunto belonging, and drive or remove, or cause the same <0 b« driven or removed, to some convenient Place, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, shall and do pay to the Person or Persons, in whose Custody the same shall be, the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the same, and of keeping such Horse or Horses, (if any); and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid within the Space or Five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the same to be appraised and fold j and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times here- Penalty on not after, set or place, or cause to be set or placed, in any of the Carriage-ways or Foot-a ays within the removing Caflci, Limits aforesaid, any Calks, Package, Timber, Stones, Wheels, Ericks, Lime, Sand, Mortar, or Wood, £acr’rfa, aced £ or any other Materials or Things whatsoever, for the Purpose of making Mortar, or of building any *, ,'* 01 House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, or Tenement, or for any other Purpose, (unless the same shall be inclosed in a Hoard, or other Erection, as herein after is directed), and shall not remove the same within the Space of One Day next after Notice to him or her given for that Purpose, or (eft at the Premises where the same shall be; or if empty or unoccupied, or in building, (luck against the Wall thereof, by any One of such Commissioners as aforesaid, or by any Person or Persons by them appointed for that Purpose; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor Ids than Five Shillings; and any One of such Commissioners, or any Person or Persons so appointed by them, may seize, or cause to be seized, such Casks,

Package, Timber, Stones, Wheels, Bricks, Lime, Sand, Wood, Mortar, or other Materials, (not filing inclosed as aforesaid), and take or remove, 01 cause the same to be taken or removed, to some convenient Place to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, shall and do pay to the Person in whose Custody the same shall be the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the same; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty

6to C. 69.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Penalty if Nuisances a*e replaced and continued.

and Charges paid within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the same to be ap* praised and fold; and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXII. And be vit further enacted, That if any such Nuisance or Obstruction, or Annoyance as aforesaid, shall be afterwards replaced, and be continued for the Space of One Hour after Notice to remove the same shall have been given in Manner as before directed, the Person or Persons convicted of such Second Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings, and the like Sum of Ten Shillings for every other Offence of the like Sort. ii<eo«s may be

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall erect or build, -V or cauk to bc erected and built, any Hoard, or erect any Posts, Bars, Rails, Boards, or other Thing,

9 by way of Inclosure for the Purpose of making Mortar, and depositing Bricks, Stone, Lime, Sand, or

any other Materials for building or repairing any House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, or Tenement, or other Works, or for any other Purpose, without Leave or Licence first had and obtained under the Hand or Hands of the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being to the said Commissioners, who is and are hereby required to grant the same forthwith, on every Person’s so applying for such Licence; and no Person or Persons whatsoever shall erect or build any such Kind of Hoard or Inclosure as aforesaid, in any other Manner, or suffer the same to remain for any longer Time than shall be expressed and allowed in such Licence from the Surveyor or Surveyors, to be signed as aforesaid, upon rain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than hive Shillings, for every t Twelve Hours that the same, or any Part thereof, shall be continued contrary to the Directions of this Act: And if any such Inclosure shall be erected or built, without the Leave of the said Surveyor or Surveyors so had and obtained, and signed as aforesaid, or shall be set up in any other Manner, or continued for any longer Time than shall be allowed and expressed in such Licence; then, and in either of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to cause the same to be pulled down and removed, and the Materials thereof shall be deposited in such convenient Place as aforesaid, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, shall and do pay to the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be, the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the same j and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty or Charges paid within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising the reform shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

N© Lime to be-

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall fist, fereen, or (lack, any any Lime, (except within such Inclosure as aforesaid), in any Square, Street, Way, Lane, Passage, or Places *"* or cause the same to be so done, he or they shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, shall, for the future, carry, run, drive, or draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn, on any of the Foot Pavements, within the Limits aforesaid, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or any Carriage whatsoever, or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive, any Horse, Ass, or other Cattle, Coach, or other Carriage whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Foot Pavements 5 then, and in any such Case, and as often as they or any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and they are hereby required so to do by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody, of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before any such Justice, such Justice (half proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear, or be produced to give Information touching such Offence, (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her* or their own Confession, or upon Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted o, any such Offence respectively, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for the First Time of offending, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Second Time of offending, and the Sum of Forty Shillings for the Third and every other Time of offending: And in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, upon such Conviction, pay such Forfeitures by him, her, or them incurred, as aforesaid, the Justice, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, is hereby required to commit him, her. or them, to the House of Correction for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any apace of Time not exceeding Ten Days, nor less than Three Days, it- 4

XXXVI. And whereas Hackney Coachmen, and Hackney Chairmen, frequently take their Stands with their Coaches and Chairs, in such Parts of the Streets, so as to occasion Obstructions both ii%

the Foot and Carriage Ways be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, may direct and regulate such btands of all Hackney Coaches and Chairs, within the Limits of this Act,' as they shall in their Discretion think, proper; and if any Hackney Coachman, or Hackney Chairman, shall not comply with such Directions and Regulations, he or they shall forfeit the Sum of Ten. Shillings for every such Offence.

Squire* Street, &c.

Penalty on driv* ing v~ar :age.% See. on the Foot Pavements*

Stands of Hackney Coachmen, &c. to regulated.

c.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 69. 61

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Pipe or Pipes belonging to Regulation* to any of the Water Companies, who now furnish, or shall hereafter furnish, the Inhabitants within the^f °^r^do, lf Limits aforesaid with Water, shall happen to burst, in any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Pi* r Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, or Places, the Surveyor or Surveyors to the Commissioners for

putting this Act in Execution, or any other Person or Persons to be by them, or any Five or more of them, appointed for that Purpose, shall forthwith give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors of the Water Companies to whom he apprehends the same to belong, and require him or them to take up the Pavement, and open the Ground, at or near the Place where the Water shall or may issue, by reason of such Pipe or Pipes bursting or breaking, within Six Days next after Notice given to such Pavior or Paviors, or left at his or their last, or usual Place of Abode; and when, upon taking up the Pavement and opening the Ground, it shall appear to what Water Company the said Pipe or Pipes so broken or burst does or do belong, that then the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Commissioners, or such other Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint, shall give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors of that Company to whom the said Pipe or Pipes shall belong, or leave the same at his or their last and usual Place of Abode; and the Pavior or Paviors of the Company to whorp such Pipe or Pipes shall belong, is and are hereby required to repair the same, and fill in the Ground^ and also repair the same Pavement so broken and taken up, in such Manner as the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Commissioners for the Time being shall direct, within Two Days next after such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid: And if it shall happen that the Pavior who first receives Notice to take up the Pavement and open the Ground, shall, on taking up such Pavement, and opening such Ground, discover that the Pipe or Pipes so burst or broken, doth not, or do not belong to the Company whose Pavior he is; that then, and in such Case, the Pavior to whose Company such Pipe or Pipes doth or do belong, shall make Satisfaction to the Pavior who took up such Pavement and opened such Ground as aforesaid: And in case the Pavior to whom such Notice shall be given to take up such Pavement, and open such Ground, shall neglect or refuse to do the same, within Twenty-four Hours next after Notice given; and in case the Pavior to the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes so broken or burst do belong shall neglect or refuse to amend or repair such Pipe or Pipes, and fill in the Ground, and repair the Pavement, in such Manner as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall direct as aforesaid, for the Space of Four Days next after such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid; then and in every such Calc, the Person or Persons guilty of such Neglect shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay severally the Sum of Five Pounds; and if any Pipe or Pipes, (other than such as belong to any of the Water Companies), shall happen to break or burst in any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, or Places, the Owner, or Owners hereof shall c.mfe the Ground to be of:ncd, and such Pipe or Pipe^to be repaired, within trie Times before respectively limited for such Purposes; and also shall forthwith give Notice to the Contractor or Contractors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, so appointed as aforesaid, to relay the Pavement so broken or taken up, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Neglect or Refusal, the Sum of Forty Shillings; or if any Pavement shall be broken or taken up by the Commissioners of Sewers, for the Purposes of making, repairing, or altering, any Sewer or Drain, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, the Surveyor for the Time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers, or such other Person or Persons so breaking or taking up the said Pavement, shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Surveyors, Contractor or Contractors, or other Person or Persons, appointed by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, to relay or repair the Pavement so broken or taken up as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Neglect or Refusal, the Sum of Forty Shillings; or if the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to or for whom such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall refuse to acquaint the Contractor or Contractors, or such other Person or Persons, so appointed as aforesaid, of such Notice; or if such Contractor or Contractors, or such other Person or Persons, shall not, within Two Days next after such Notice reflectively given, relay, or repair the same; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons, so respectively offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and the like Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day such Pavement shall continue, without being relayed or repaired, after the Expiration of the said Two Days.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Paviors and Turncoks now paviors to gire appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, in case of the Death or Removal of any such Pavior or Notice of their Turncock belonging to the said several and respective Water Companies, shall, and they are hereby Place of Abode, required, within the Space of three Days next after the pastine of this Act, or within the Space of

Three Days next after he or they shall be appointed Pavior or Paviors, Turncock or Turncocks, to such Company or Companies, to give Notice, in Writing, to the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being to the Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for putting this Act in Execution, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be by them, or any Five or more of them, appointed for that Purpose; which Notice shall contain such Pavior or Turncock’s Name and Place of Abode respectively, as also to what Company he is Pavior or Turncock, and in what District he has the Care of such Company or Companies Pipes; and, in like Manner, the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Commissioners for the Time being mail, within the respective Times aforesaid, give Notice to the respective Paviors or Turncocks of the said several Water Companies, of his or their own Place or Places of Abode, and also to the Surveyor or Surveyors to the Commissioners of Sewers, of the Names and Places of Abode of such Contractor or Contractors, and of the Pavior or Paviors employed by such Commissioners;

6i2 C. 69. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

and every Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to give such Notice as aforesaid, within (he Times before respectively specified, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings. Commissioners

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Sewer or Drain, which shall or te deanie, alter, may, be under the Direction of the Commissioners or Sewers, in any of the said Squares, Streets, and wcr?rainS Lanes* Courts Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall require to be repaired, altered, cleansed, or emptied, or any new or additional Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains^ shall be necessary to be made, or any new Grate or Grates to be made and put over any Sewer, in any of the said Squares, Streets, or Places, or any old Grates over the same shall require to be repaired, removed, or altered; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners of Sewers shall, within Three Days next after Notice given to, or left for their Surveyor for the Time being, at his last or usual Place of Abode, cause such Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains to be made, repaired, altered, cleansed, or emptied, or such new and additional Grates to be made and put down, or such old Grates to be repaired, removed, or altered; and in Default thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors

for the Time being, to cause such Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, to be made, repaired, altered,

cleansed, or emptied, or such new and additional Grates to be made and put down, or such old Grates to be repaired, removed, or altered, as the Case may require, or so much thereof as shall remain unfinished. Owners of Pipes

XL. Provided always, That the Charges and Expences of relaying or repairing the Pavement, which to relay them shall be broken or taken up for the Purpose of repairing or amending any such Pipe or Pipes not

at their own belonging to any of the Water Companies, shall be paid to the Commissioners for putting this Act

Expences. in Execution, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them shall appoint to receive the same by the respective Owner or Owners of such Commissionen Pipe or Pipes: And that the Charges and Expences of making, repairing, altering, cleansing,

to pay for or emptying any such Sewer, Drain, or Vault, and of making and putting down any such new

cleansing Sewers, and additional Grates, and altering and repairing such old Grates, and of relaying and repairing the

&c’ Pavement so broken or taken up for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, by the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers, or by the Person or Persons who shall take up, or cause the said Pavement, or any Part thereof, to be taken up, for the Purposes aforesaid: And in case the respective Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes as aforesaid, or the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners of Sewers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so laid out or disbursed for the Purposes aforesaid, within Ten Days next after Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and left at their respective Dwelling-houses, or last Place of Abode, together with a Bill annexed thereto, (which Notice shall contain an Account of such Charges and Expences); that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered

to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in their own Names, or in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, against all or any or either of the respective Persons aforesaid for the recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have so laid out and expended for the Purposes aforesaid, in which Action or Actions, no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

Co issioner*

XLI. And whereas the Commissioners of Sewers in some Parts of the Year do not meet for a to°r.equal considerable Interval of Time from their last preceding Meeting, from which great Inconveniences

Authority with may arise be it therefore enacted, That the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or

Commissionen any Five or more of them, within the Limits aforesaid, shall have the same Authority to determine in

of Sewen. all Cases relating to the Sewers as the Commissioners of Sewers now enjoy.

Commissionen

XLII. Provided nevertheless, That if at any Time of; Times it shall be found necessary to raise, fink* to pay for alter- or any otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pipes or Plugs, laid down or placed by any of the fog Papes. Companies, who furnish the Inhabitants within the Limits aforesaid with Water, or of any leaden or other Pipes belonging to any of the said Water Companies, or to any other Person or Persons, which, for the Purposes of conveying Water into any House, Area, or other Place, have been, or shall be laid

into or from any such Pipe or Pipes, or to remove or to replace the Grates over any of the Common Sewers, for the Purpose of new-paving or altering the Pavement of any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, or Places, the Expence thereof, shall, from Time to Time, be paid out of the Money arising, or to arise, by virtue of this Act, and shall always be done with as little Detriment and Inconvenience to the said respective Companies or Inhabitants, as the Circumstances of the Case will admit.

Pavement*alter-

XLIII. Provided always, That when and so often as any Part of the Pavements of the said Squares, cd at the Request Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall be taken up by any Person they^eTo°rSJy or ^er^ons> for Purposes of placing, altering, or amending any such Pipe or Pipes, the same shall, allixpences. with all convenient Speed, be repaired by the Pavior or Paviors contracted with or employed by the said Commissioners, or under the Direction of their Surveyor or Surveyors, at the Expence of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said leaden or other Pipes respectively, if such Pipe is replaced, altered or amended, at the Request of such Proprietor or Proprietors, and not otherwise.

Commissionrrf

XLIV. Provided also, That it shall ;nd may be lawful to and r’>r the said Commissioners, or any mav cimpound Seven or more of them, from Ti: c to Time, to compound and agree with any iJ the Lid Proprietors with c.id Pro- for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or other Mcalurc, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven pneiors, or more of them, shall think reasonable, in Lieu and Stead of their laying down and repairing such

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 69. 613-

Parts of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, or Places, as shall be necessary to be taken up for the Purposes aforesaid.

XLV. And for the better lighting the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Lt»pt to be fa* Alleys, Passages, and Places, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to aaid for the said up#&c« Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, to cause such and so many Lamps to be f.*t up in such Places within the Limits aforesaid, and to be placed in such Manner, and at such Distances, as they shall judge necessary; and may contract and agree with any Person or Persons for such Lamps, or may find and provide the same, if they shall think fit; and also may contract and agree with any Person or Persons, for the lighting, supplying, maintaining, and repairing such Lamps, and appoint how and where the said Lamps shall be placed, and at what Time, and how long the said Lamps shall be and continue lighted and burning, and what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to* the Person or Persons so to be contracted or agreed with, to light, maintain, and repair the said Lamps; provided that no such Contract or Agreement shall be for a longer Term than Three Years at any One Time.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, Lamt>.;ront to or any Seven or more of them, to order and dire# Lamp-irons to be put or affixed against the Walls be affixed igaiaft* of all or any of the several Houses or Tenements within the Limits aforesaid 5 or into, upon, or against Walls, &c, the Rails before the Area, or in such Manner, and in such other Place, as the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper and convenient: And if any Person or Persons shall Penalty wit-wilfully take away, break, throw down, or damage any Lamp that shall be set up for the Purposes of lighting any of the said Squares, Streets, Lane9, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, or Places, or wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or throw down, or damage the Iroqs, or other Furniture thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in feizingf the Offender or Offenders, and, by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before feme Justice of the Peace for the said County $ and such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear* or be produced, to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence, (which Oath the said justice is hereby authorised and required to administer) -r and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convi#ed of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their Confession, or upon such Information or Evidence as aforesaid, he, she, or they so con-vi#ed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for each Lamp or Lamp-iron so broken, thrown down, and damaged, or for every Light so extinguished as aforesaid, and moreover shall make full Satrsfa#ion to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done, as aforesaid: And in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, on Conviction, pay such Forfeiture, and make_ such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the House of Corre#iort for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not tobo tomaaittei, exceeding One Calendar Month, nor less than Seven Days; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly or accident* Perfohtaccidentally break, throw down, or damage any Lamp or Lamps hung out or set up by Order of the said Com- ally damaging missioners, within the Limits aforesaid, or the Irons or other Furniture thereof, and shall not imme-g*®rotke diately, upon Demand, make Satisfa#ion for the Damage done thereto; then, and in every such Case, "

it shall and may be lawful to and for any One Justice of the Peace in and for the said County, upon Complaint to him made by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to summon before him the Party or Parties who shall be complained of for doing such Damages as aforesaid; and, upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or Nonappearance of the Party or Parties so complained of* to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfa#ion to the Owners of such Lamp or Lamps, or to the said Commissioners, as the Case shall be, for such Damages as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in case of neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, within Ten Days after Demand, to cause the same to be levied as Fines, Penalties, and F orfeitures, nre by this Act herein after directed to be levied.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Commissioners Seven or more of them, shall and may cause a proper Watch-house or Watch-houses to be built within fttiUause" the Limits aforesaid; and also such Number of proper Watch-boxes to be ere#ed and built, as they Watch-houses to shall think fit; and appoint such a Number of fit and able bodied Men as they shall think be erected, fcc. proper, from Time to Time, to watch and guard the said Streets, and other Places; and give such Orders and Directions concerning the Manner in which the said Watchmen shall be armed and stationed, and for the due and regular Performance of the said Service, as they the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall judge expedient; and, from Time to Time, remove any of the said Watchmen, and appoint others in their Stead; and out of any Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, pay the Expences attending the Building and fitting up such Watch-house or Watch-houfts, and Watch-boxes, and also the Allowances to such Watchmen for their Attendance, and all other necessary Charges and Expences, incident to and attending this Service.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement within the jrootwavlt0^ Limits aforesaid, and, in respect to Inmates, every House Owner shall, once in every Day, between c|canfed once * the Elours of Eight and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, ferape, sweep, and cleanse Day,

614 C. 69.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

may be lodged.

Penalty on ob-

the Footway sill alone the Front of their respective Housei and Tenements, or cause the same to be scraped, swept, and cleansed; and in Default thereof, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings; to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or morejustice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, upon the Oaths of Two or more credible Witnesses, which Oath the said Justice or Justices of the Peace is and are hereby required and impowered to administer. '

-Where Material* l. And be it further enacted, That during the Time any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Mewse^ or oot-ways Alley, Passage, or Place, shall be new paving or repairing under the Direction of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, they shall have* Power to order the necessary Materials to be lodged in that or any adjoining Street or Place, or Streets or Places, which they, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit, as also to stop the Way through any adjacent Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Mewse, Alley, Passage, or Place, so long as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall judge necessary; and all Persons acting under their Directions, as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified from any Prosecution or Action whatsoever, except where such Materials shall be lodged upon, or over, or within Six Feet of any Fire Plug Or Cock, and also, except where any such Materials shall be deposited in or near the End of any narrow Street or Place, in such Manner as to prevent the Admimon of Fire-engines into such Street or Place.

LI. And be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times from structing Survey- an(j after the passing of this Act, obstruct, hinder, or molest any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be employed by the said Commissioners, or ai»y Five or more of them, in the Performance or Execution of their Duty; every Person or Persons so offending shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Three Pounds.

Rates may be 4 LII. And, in order to raise a sufficient Sum of Money for carryinetbe several Purposes of this Act iofos a0,l 1 into Execution/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing -of this Act, One or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall, for the Purpose of repairing, cleansing, lighting, watering, and watching, the several Squares, Streets, Lanes, Court9, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the Limits aforesaid, be made, laid, and assessed by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them. Once in every Year, or oftener, if they shall judge it needful, upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possess, or enjoy, any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, in any or the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, or Places, in such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall order and direct; so as such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, in any One Year, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellar*, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate as aforesaid.

Lilf. And be it further enacted, That the first Rate or Assessment shall commence from the Twenty-fifth Day of December last past; and every future Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall commence from the Time that the last preceding Rates or Assessments ended, and not otherwise; and the Monies therein and thereby charged and assessed, shall be payable and recoverable Quarterly in Manner herein after directed.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall have caused any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Mewse, Alley, Passage, or Place, within the Limits aforesaid, or any Part of Parts thereof, to be new-paved, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more ef them, as soon as conveniently may be, and so in like Manner yearly, or oftener, if Occasion shall require, to make, lay, and assess, upon all and every Person or Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possess, or enjoy any such Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament respectively, as far as such new Pavement shall extend, (except such Squares, Streets, and Places, as shall be new-paved at the Request of Three>fourth Parts of the Inhabitants of any such Square, Street, or Place, in the Manner herein-before directed), a further Sum, not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound, of the yearly Rent or Value of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stabjes, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, to commence from the Time that such new Pavement shall be respectively completed.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, Creditor the* or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time, when they shall judge it necessary for the Purpose 1 ‘ 9 aforesaid, to boriow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money, as any Person or Persons is

or are willing to lend and advance upon the Credit of the said additional Rate or Assessment of Sixpence in the Pound; and by any Writing or Writings, upon Vellum or Parchment, signed by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, to assign the said additional Rate or Assessment to any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money thereon as a Security or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with Interest for the same; which Interest shall be payable and paid Half-yearly by the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said additional Rate or Assessment.

LV1. And be it further enacted, That such Sum or Sums of Money, when so received by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this A<2, or

by

Commencement of the Rates.

Where any Streets, itc. are new paved an additional Rare may be laid on Inhabitants.

Mon?y may be

Rates.

Application of Monica*

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 9. 615,

by their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being; the same shall be deposited in the Hands of such Banker as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct, to be issued and applied by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for the new-paving any Square, Street, or Place, within the Limits aforesaid.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That there shall beentefed in a Book or Books, to be for that Pur- &cur, tics^!1^ pose provided and kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, all Securities for Monies bor-eDlcrcdmBooku* rowed by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, and all Assignments or Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions, ot all such Persons as shall, from Time to Time, be intitled to such Securities, and the Sums received upon such Securities; to which Book or Books the Persons intitled thereto, and all and every Person or Persons liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments, shall, at all seasonable Times, have Access, with free Liberty to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, keep the Accounrs relating to such additional Rate or Assessment, and the Payment of the Interest of the Money borrowed, separate and distinct from the other Accounts of the said Commissioners; and ifanySum or Sums of Money shall at any Time, remain over and above what shall be sufficient to pay such Interest, then such Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied towards paying off the Principal so borrowed as aforesaid; and for that Purpose may be placed out at Interest, on Goverment Security, in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Commissioners, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, until the same shall amount to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, which Sum shall be employed for and towards the Payment of the Money lent and advanced on such additional Rate; and no Preference, either in the Payment of Interest or Principal,

shall be given to any Person or Persons whatsoever on account of the Priority of advancing such Sum or *'

Sums, but that each Person shall be a Creditor in equal degree, according to the Sum or Sums so by him, her, or them lent and advanced as aforesaid.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons Securities m*y intitled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, tetramfcrred* at any Time or Times, by Writing under his* her, or their Hand or Hands respectively, to assign or transfer such Securities, by Indorsermnt on the Back thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and testified by Two Witnesses, and so toties quoties; and such Assignments and Transfers, after they shall be respectively entered in the Book or Books of the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, shall intitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and AfCgns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so assigned or transferred.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That where any of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach- HawemptfHon-houses. Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, after the same shall have bert"

been once inhabited or occupied, shall, at the Time of making any of the said Rates or Assessments, be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to rate and assess such Premises respectively at One Half of such Rates or Assessments, during the Time only that such Premises shall be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied; and also in case any such Premises, after the making of such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall become empty, untenacted, or unoccupied. One Half only; of such Rate or Assessment shall be charged on such Premises respectively, for and during so long a Time as the same shall continue empty, untenacted, and unoccupied; and then, and in any of the said cases, the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, or by the First or any other Tenant or Occupier thereof; and in which last Case, such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers,

shall and may, and is and are hereby authorised to deduct and detain the same out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents respectively; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, of such Premises, i9-and are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payment upon Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their respective Rents; and the said Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be, and is and are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of his, her, or their Rent, as the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, and so paid by him, her, or them,

shall amount unto.

LX. And whereas there are many Houses, Buildings, Grounds, and Premises, within the Limits Landlords, &t.

# aforesaid, which are taken on Leases for Years,- or otherwise, and by the Lessees or Tenants, and also by Landlords and.Owners, let out in Parcels or separate Apartments, to Undertenants, and other to

4 Houses and Premises let ready-furnished to Lodgers ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lessee, Landlord, Owner, or Proprietor, of all such Houses, Buildings, Grounds, and Premises, so let out, or which shall be let out in Parcels or separate Apartments, or ready-furnished to a Lodger or Lodgers, shall be deemed and taken as the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and shall be liable and subject to the Payment of the Rates or Assessments directed by this Act to be made, raised, and levied, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Premises.

LXI. And, for the more easy Recovery of such Rates or AssessmentsV be it further enacted, That o«mpIm to each and every Person so renting or occupying any such Parcel or separate Apartment as aforesaid, shall pay ibe Rates* be liable and compellable to the Payment of the said Rates or Assess'menls, and all Arrears due thereon; to be recovered in Manner herein after directed.

LXII. Provided always, That each and every Occupier who shall pay such respective Rates or Assess- Octupiersrobe

nems^ and any Arrears due thereon, or from whom the same shall be recovered in pursuance of this allowed the Rater

a. iatbeir Rcmi.

6i6 "C. 69.'

Anno duodecftno Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Act, shall and may deduct the same from and out of the next or any other Rent due and payable from him, her, or them, to such respective Lessee, Landlord, Owner, or Proprietor; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, to his, her, or their Landlord, for so much Money as he, she, or they shall pay, or shall be levied on the Goods and Chattels of him, her, or them, by virtue of this Act.

*.*«» on House*

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Rate, Tax, or Assessment, which shall be made,- laid, ofcup«d by Am- or aflfdTed, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Houses, Buildings, Grounds, or Premises, which Midby^bcUnd- any Arabaffador or Resident, Agent, or other publick Minister of any foreign Prince or State now doth, ford/ 'or hereafter shall inhabit, shall be paid by the Landlord, Lessee, Owner, or Proprietor thereof respectively, who shall be liable and compellable to the Payment thereof, and shall be recovered in Manner herein after directed.

Publick Build* 'LXIV. And, forasmuch as it is reasonable that all publick Buildings, and all Dead-walls and void ini* and Dead- Spaces of Ground, within the Limits aforesaid, should be rated and assessed in a due Proportion for the *ulU tob»r*ttdr€ several Purposes of this Act,* be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at their Discretion, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, to rate and assess, towards the Purposes of this Act, all Chapels, Meeting-houses, Schools, Markets, Warehouses, and all other publick Buildings whatsoever within the Limits aforesaid, (charged or not charged to the Land-tax), which now is or are, or hereafter may be built, or in building, at a Rate not exceeding Two Shillings in the Pound, according to the clear yearly Income arising from such Chapels, Meeting-houses, Schools, Markets, Warehouses, and other publick Buildings respectively; and where there is not any such clear yearly Income, or the same cannot be fully ascertained, then, and in either of the said cases, the same shall be charged and assessed at a Rate not exceeding Sixpence per square Yard, in any One Year, of the Pavement paved or repaired under the Direction of the said Commissioners, and situate, lying and being, in any such Square, Street, or Place, and belonging to such Chapel, Meeting-house, School, Ware-house, or other publick Building; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall also, at their Discretion, yearly, or oftener, (if needful) assess all Burying-grounds, Dead-walls, and void Spaces of Ground, towards the Purposes aforesaid, and which are not charged in respect of any Dwelling-house, or other Building, by the PoundTrate, or otherwise, by virtue of this Act, so that in the Whole such Rate or Assessment shall not, in any One Year, exceed the Sum of Sixpence for every square Yard of Pavement paved or repaired under the Direction of the said Commissioners, situate as aforesaid, or belonging to, or lying before such Burying-grounds, Dead-waMt, or void Spaces of Ground; which Rates or Assessments shall com-, ixience upon the Twenty-fifth Day of December^ One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and all Rates or Assessments to be made and paid for all such Burying-grounds, Chapels, Meeting-houses, 6chools, Markets, Warehouses, or other publick Buildings, Dead-walls, or void Spaces of Ground, shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof and foal! le charged and xhargeable on the said Premises, and be recovered and applied in such Manner as other Rates and Assessments are directed to be recovered and applied by this Act.

TnfioHW Hou-

LXV. And whereas there are several Houses and other Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, which are unfinifoed or not let, and it is reasonable that the same should be rated and aflfefled for the Purposes aforesaid, until such Time as the same are occupied;’ be it therefore enacted, That until such Time as any Houses, or other Buildings, shall be finifoed and tenacted, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby required and directed, when; and as soon as conveniently may be, to rate and assess, according to their Discretion, all such Houses, and other Buildings, which are or shall be erected, and covered in and unoccupied, at a Rate not exceeding Fourpence for every square Yard of Ground paved, or to be paved, by virtue of this Act, and belonging to the Fronts or Sides of such Houses, or other Buildings, and for all Houses, or other Buildings, which are or shall be erected, and not covered in, at a Rate not exceeding Twopence for every square Yard of Ground paved, or to be paved by virtue of this Act, and belonging to the Fronts or Sides of such Houses, or other Buildings, until the same shall be covered in as aforesaid, and then at a Rate. Jiow, and by - not exceeding Fourpence for every square Yard, until the famq shall be let or occupied; which Rates Avhqpi payable. or Assessments shall commence from the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and shall be paid by, and recoverable from, the Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee, or LeflTees, Owner or Owners, of such House or Houses, Building or Buildings respectively, and shall be charged and chargeable on the said Premises: And if the said Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same upon Demand; then, and in every such Case, all such Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, shall and may be levied on the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so required to pay the same, in Manner herein after directed, and in case vthe Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, of such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, shall not be known, or cannot be found, or shall be under Commission of Bankruptcy, then the said Rates or Assessments made thereon shall be and remain charged and chargeable on the said Premises until the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, can be found, or until Assignees, in case of Bankruptcy, are appointed; when the same, and all Arrears due thereon, shall be levied on the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, wor upon the Goods and Chattels of such Assignee or Assignees, who is and are hereby made liable to pay ^sche fame, or upon the said Premises, in like Manner as other Rates, made by virtue of this Act, are made ^recoverable*

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 69, 617

LXVI. And whereas there are and may be several new Streets and Places which are not paved, Part Strtet* an#

of which are built and in building, and small Pieces or Parcels of Ground within the Limits aforesaid unbuilt upon, which are neither paved, cleansed, or lighted; and it would be a Means of forwarding 0 r 4 the good Purposes of this Act if Builders, or others, who by Law are liable to pave the same, were to pay such Sums of Money for that Purpose as are herein after directed/ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five If Commissioner* or more of them, to view and inspect all Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Paf- jud.p sages, or Places, within the Limits aforesaid, which now are, or hereafter maybe built upon, or in pr?"

building; and if, upon such View, they shall be of Opinion that the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, "$*

is or are fit and proper to be paved, the said Commissioners, or 3ny Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, after such View, shall and may order their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them appointed for that Purpose, to give Notice to the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessee^, of all and every such Lands, Grounds, Houses*

Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situated within the Limits aforesaid, or leave the same at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, or with his, her, or their known Servant or Servants; or if no such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors*

Lessee or Lessees, can be found, then such Notice shall be stuck against the said Premises, or any Part thereof; which Notice shall require such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, they ire tore, to meet the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at the Time and Place to be therein ^uire ^habitant* mentioned (not being less than Ten Days from the Date of such Notice) to compound for the paving thereof, at any Sum not exceeding Three Shillings for every square Yard of such Pavement, whether p^ig. r Carriage-way or Foot-way; which Composition the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorised to make; and if such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or On Neglect, Lessees, shall not attend, or shall not compound and agree with the said Commissioners, or any Seven CompofltiBnwf or more of them, as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to order the same to be paved as soon as conveniently may be, and all the Charges and Expences attending such Paving shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, and shall be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of their Goods and Chattels, in the Manner herein after directed.

LXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, Ownerwfmiti or be construed to extend, to impower the said Commissioners, or any of them, to charge, or make chargeable, any one Proprietor, Owner, or Lessee of such vacant Ground, with more than Two hun- J^\oo°fouiie d red fauare Yards of Paving, on account of any such vacant Ground in anyone Square, Street, or Place, Yard*, until the same shall be built upon, or shall be in building.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Com^ Rateit«beea*-missioners shall and he or they is and are hereby required to keep proper Entries, in a Book or Books tere<n» Books, to be kept for that Purpose, which shall be signed by the said Commissioners, who shall have made such Rates or Assessments respectively, of all and Angular the Rates and Assessments, which they shall make by virtue of this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, to (which Book or Books every Person liable to pay the said Rates or Assessments shall and may have free Access at all convenient Times, and shall be permitted to inspect the same without Fee or Reward.

LXIX. And, for the better and more effectual raising and levying the Rates and Assessments directed Inhabitant*

to be made by this Act,' be it further enacted, That in case any of the Inhabitants or Occupiers, or Rates"how1^ any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, of any Land, Ground, House, Shop, be mowed* Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the Limits aforesaid, and herein-before made liable to pay any Rate or Assessment. made, laid, or assessed by: virtue of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money rated and assessed upon him, her, or them respectively, and all Arrears due thereon, it shall and may be lawful to ?nd for the Collector or Collectors appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to collect and levy such Rates or Assessments, by Warrant, under the Hands and Seals of Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, and all Arrears due upon the said Rates or Assessments, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refusing, which shall be foand either within the Limits aforesaid, or elsewhere; and if within rive Days next after such Distress shall be made, the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, shall not be paid, together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the same, the said Collector or Collectors-shall cause the said Goods to be appraised and fold, or such Part thereof as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the reasonable Charges of making such Distress, and of keeping and felling the same, returning the Overplus (if any' be) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively. ‘

LXX. And, for the more easy Recovery o: the Rates and Assessments, directed to be rated and How Rate* may assessed by virtue of this Act/ be it further enacteef. That when any Person or Persons who hath or recovered h^ve been so rated and assessed as aforesaid, shall quit his, her, or their Land, Ground, House, Shop,

Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, which (ha 11 Houses* arc! behave been so rated and assessed, before he, she, or they, shall have paid such Rate or Asseflraent, and shall foie Payment, afterwards refuse to pay the same when due, and demanded by the Collector or Collectors, authorised and appointed to receive the same; that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, by Warrant, under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or elsewhere* (which Warrant the said Justices

6l8 C. 69.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Rite* may be

sued for in the Name of the Treasurer.

Person* paying Rater exempted from paring.

Person* paying

are hereby authorised and required to grant without Fee or Reward), to distrain the Goods and Chattels, of such Person or Persons so refuting or neglecting, and to sell the same, rendering the Overplus1 Of any be) after having deducted the reasonable Charges and Expends of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, upon Demand.

LXXI. Provided always, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, may, (if they shall think proper) sue in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers, or such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, at any of their Meetings, shall, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint for all or any of the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, which shall be made by virtue of this Act, and all Arrears thereof; in which Actionno Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

No Contract for

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained paving, frc. to be shall be deemed or taken to make void any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and void by this Act. Tcnan^ touching or concerning the paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, watering, and watching, any or any Part of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, or Places, within the Limits aforesaid, but that every Person who is now, by virtue of any such Contract or Agreement, obliged to pave, keep in Repair, and cleanse any or any Part of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made and assessed, or so much thereof as such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any Seven of them, shall deem just, and according to the true Meaning of such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, and for and during the Term thereof; and in case any Difpuce shall arise concerning such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall have Power to hear and finally determine the same.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That all and every Person or Persons paying the Rates or Assessments by this Act laid and assessed, shall be, and they and every of them, is and are hereby exempted and discharged from the Expence of paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, or keeping in repair the said Squares, Streets, or Places, or any of them; and also from all Penalties which may or might be incurred by Rea- _ son of their neglecting to pave, cleanse, light, or keep the same in Repair.

LXXLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons f>om*thef Assefr- w hold, use, occupy, possess, or enjoy any Land, House, Tenement, or Hereditament, or

tRents hr repair- a^Y Stable or any Building within the Limits aforesaid, shall be exempted from the Payment of any Ing the High- Sum or Sums of Money rated or assessed, or which shall or may, at any Tim^ or Times herearter, be w*y*. rated and assessed upon them, for and towards the Repair of Common Highways, causeways, Streets,

and Pavements, to be repaired at the publick Charge of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Pan-eras* by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

6 & 7 Geo. III. intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in bemgy Ct 4« for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

LXXV. And whereas Part of the Road, or Street, called Tottenham-court Road, leading from the Black Harfe to the Turnpike at Tottenham Courty is now under the Care and Management of the Tru-=ftees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable the respective Trustees, of the Turntike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kil- bourne Bridge, in the Counts of Middlesex, to make a new Ready from the Great Northern Road at Islington, to Edgeware Road, near Paddington* and also from the North End of Portland Street, crcfs the Farthing-pyehouse Fields, into the said new Road; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts for repairing the said Road from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourne Bridge: And where- as it will be for the Convenience and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if so much o( Tottenham-Court Road as extends from the North End of Chapel Street to the Black Horse in the said Road,

Southward, was to be paved, cleansed, and kept in Repair be it therefore enacted by the Authority ZTt£S\obc*fort{*ld' That the said Trustees for putting in Execution the said Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of ptved, frc. His ^ate Majesty's Reign shall, and are hereby authorised and required, forthwith to cause to be well > and sufficiently repaired so much-of the said Road as is already paved, and to new-pave such Part of the said Road above described as is not already paved, and to cause the same to be properly repaired and cleansed, from Time to Time for the future; and to defray the Expences thereof out of the Tolls di-reeled to be collected and received by virtue of the said Act, or out of any Money which shall be borrowed on the Credit thereof: And in case the said Trustees shall neglect or refuse forthwith well and fuflficiently to repair such Part of the said Road which is already paved, and to new-pave so much of the said Road as is not at present paved; or (mil neglect or refuse to keep the Whole of the said Road berin-before described in good and sufficient Repair, or to keep the same properly cleansed, from Time to Time, as often as shall be necessary, that then the said Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution, Or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, give Notice, under their Hands and Seals, to the Surveyor to the Trustees for the Care of the said Road, of any such Neglect or Neglects as aforesaid; and if the said Trustees for the Care of the said Road, shall not well and sufficiently pave, repair, amend, and cleanie such Part or Parts of the said Road as aforesaid, within Twenty-one Days after such Notice, according to the true ntent and Meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution, or any Seven or more of them, to cause the said Act 29 Geo. II. c

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 69* (>19

said Road, or such Parts thereof as shall be necessary, to be payed, cleansed, and repaired in such Manner as they shall think proper, and all Cods, Ccharges, and Expences attending the paving, cleaning, and repairing the said Road, or such Parts thereof as aforesaid shall be reimbursed the said Commissioners, by the iaid Trustees, for putting in Execution the said Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty, out of any of the oils to be collected by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, or out of any Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, within Fourteen Days next after such Charges and Expences shall have been incurred as aforesaid; any Thing in the said Act to the Contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors of the Rates and Assessments Collector to pay aforesaid shall pay the Money as he or they shall receive the same, to the Treasurer or Treasurers for Money, aarecei-the Time being to the said Commissioners; and upon Payment of every such Sum of Money to such *cd» 'otheTrei-Treasurer of Treasurers, such Collector or Collectors shall take a Receipt for the same, and therein the furer*

Name or Names of such Collector or Collectors shall be expressed, and the Sum or Sums of Money paid, s}- 'plna^ty.on shall be specified: And if such Collector or Collectors shall, at any Time keep and retain in his or their S® above'xcoL* Hands more than the Sum of One hundred Pounds, for any Time longer than the Space of Two Days, longer than Two provided the Treasurer or Treasurers to such Commissioners shall, within that Time, be ready to re- Day* ceive the same, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Day that he or they shall retain in his Hands more than the Sum of One hundred Pounds beyond the said Two Days, as aforesaid.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may he after the Treasurer or Treasurer hiding Treasurers to the said Commissioners shall, at any Time, have received the Sum of Five hundred 5°°*- '0W Pounds of the Monies appointed to be received by him or them, by virtue of and for the Purposes inwfuehBankers of this Act, he or they shall, from Time to Time, pay the same into the Hands of such Banker or Bankers as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall for that Purpose direct, in the Name, and on the Account of the said Commissioners; and the same shall be disposed of by Order of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, for the Purposes of this Act, and not otherwise.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officers to *c-and other Officers to be appointed as aforesaid for the Time being, within the Limits aforesaid, shall, count upon Oath*, upon Three Days Notice in Writing, given or left for them respectively, at their usual Places of Abode, *c* by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, deliver in upon Oath, (if thereunto respectively re-au ired), to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, (which Oath any One of them is hereby impowered to administer), a true and perfect Account in Writing, under the respective Hands of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, and other Officers and Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also all Monies which he or they shall have received by reason of his or their said Office or Offices, and how much thereof hath been paid and dif— bursed by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and for what Purpose, together with the prpper Vouchers for such Payments; also a true Lift of the Names of all Persons who1 shall have neglected or refused to pay the Rates or Assessments laid on them as aforesaid, and of the several Sums of Money from him, her, or them respectively due and in Arrear, together with the Dates that the same respectively became due, to the Intent that the same may be speedily got in and recovered: And if any Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, or other Officer or Officers, after P ltyonO£ such Notice given, shall neglect or refuse to bring in his Account as aforesaid, and to proJuce and deliver the Vouchers relating to the same, or to account for any Sum or Sums of Money by him or B€COtt*t* them received and collected, and to pay the same, and every Part thereof, as is herein before directed, such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers, shall, for every such Ne-gled or Refusal respectively, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds: And it shall and may be lawful to and Commiflfemer*' for the said Commissioners appointed for the Execution of this Act, or any Seven or more of them, and impowered to they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action in the Names of bnn* the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, against such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, for the Recovery, as well of the said Forfeiture as of the Monies which shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officers, or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made of such Neglect or Re- orif Complaint' fufal determined by the said Commissioners, or by any Person or Persons appointed by them, or any Seven or 10 thtr

more of them, to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Treasurer or Treasurers, J- cc*> Collector or Collectors, Officers, or Persons, so neglecting or refusing shall be and reside, such Justice they are to in may, and is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Trea- V*to

surer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer, or Person, so neglecting or refusing, to be brought u

before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and requiried to administer), it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which)

shall have been collected, raised, and received by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Officers, or Persons, so unaccounted for by them anA to levy foe

respectively, such Justice may, and is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money, as also such Forfeiture as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress ty *

and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officers,

or Persons respectively; And if no Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or

i)20 C. 69.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Collector* to account Feur Ximcia Year,

On Death or Bankruptcy of Oftkeis,

legal Reprefeo-tativ's to pay 'JMonici remaining in Hand to the Treasurer j

whose Receipt shall be a Discharge.

For want of Dif-

Collectors, Officers, or Persons, can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, as tress, offender to also the said Forfeitures, and the Charges of distraining and felling the Goods and Chattels so didrained,; e commute. and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Jpdice shall commit every such Offender to the House of Correction, until he or they shall give or make a twe and perfect Account as aforesaid, or until he or they shall compound for the same with the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, an4 shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint, which Composition the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to make; or until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, and give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Four Times at lead in every Year ail Account, from the Book or Books to be kept by the Collector or Collectors, of the Sum and Sums of Money, as shall be so assessed, shall be fairly dated and signed by the Collector or Collectors, syid delivered by him or them to the said Commissioners, who are hereby impowered to give a Discharge to the said Collector or Collectors, for all such Monies as he or they shall have truly accounted for: And in case any Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors. Officers, or other Persons, shall happen to die, or become bankrupt, before he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the ponies by him qr them received by virtue of this Act; then, and in every such Case, the Executors, Administrators, Executrix, Administratrix, or other legal Representative or Representatives, Person or Persons, possessing the Edate and Effects of every such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, or the Assignee or Assignees of such Bankrupt, shall, out of such Edate and Effects, pay unto the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time then being to the said Commissioners, all such Sums of Money as should be in the Hands of such Persons respectively, a* the Time of his or their Death, or at the Time of suing out any Commission of Bankruptcy against him or them, and not paid over, or so much thereof as the said Edate or Effects will extend to pay, and the Recept of Receipts of the Treasurer or Treasurers shall be a good Discharge for the said Money; and every Executor or Administrator, Assignee or Assignees, or other Persons, as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit commenced or brought against him, her, or them, plead or give in Evidence the Authority of this Act for On Nonpayment, Payment, and shall be allowed the same prior to any other Debt or Demand whatsoever: And in Aaions^arybc case of Nonpayment of the same by the Space of Ten Days after the same shall have been demanded, jt ^mmenoed. shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to such Commissioners, and he and they is and are hereby directed and required, in his or their own Name or Names,

to commence One or more Action or Actions, in any of His Maftey’s Courts of Record at against such Executors, Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other Persons, as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the same; in which Action, no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Treasurer to pay

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers to the Commissioners as Monies drawn t aforesaid for the Time being, shall and may, and is and are hereby autfrorised and required, out

upon him, of the Monies paid to him or them in pursuance of this Act, to pay all Sums of Money drawn upon

him or them, or ordered to be paid by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for and keep a regu- the Purposes of this Act; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall and is and are hereby required to Ur Accountina keep regular and fair Entries, in a Book or Books to be by him or them for tint Purpose provided, of all and singular the Receipts and Payments which he or they shall make on the Account as aforesaid; to which Book or Books every, Inhabitant within the Limits of this Act aforesaid shall and may have free Access, at all convenient Times, and shall be permitted to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall have the said Account audited and passed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, who are hereby impowered and required to audit and pass the same.

Cctralssioners

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Actions shall be brought by, or by Or-^ i^t,defendant ^er Bie Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for the Recovery of any Money or Monies laid out and expended by the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, or for any Materials, Matters, and Things, fold and delivered by them, or any of their Officers, by their Order, or for the Recovery of any Rate or Rates, or any other Purpose whatsoever, and a Verdict shall be had and given against any such Person or Persons against whom such Action or Actions shall be brought, such Person or Persons shall pay Double Costs; and the said Commissioners, in such Action or Actions, shall have such Remedy or Remedies for recovering the same, as any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may have for his, her, or their Cods, in any other Cases by Law.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed), shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of*he Peace for the said County of Middhji'x, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowereffand required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Infor-Informer deemed mation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath), and the Informer is hereby rendered a competent a credible Witness, (which Oaths such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer; and the AVitncfc. Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so didrained and fold, and the Charges of. fuc h Ditlrefs and Sale being fird deducted, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Com-Conrmv.nionert missioner?, and shall he applied to and for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to tmy icward la- and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven ormore of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance

formers. of

to pay Double Coffi.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered And applied.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 69. .621

of this Act, to order their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to payTjch Part of the iftiid Penalties to the Informer as they shall judge reasonable, not exceeding One Half thereof,

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Distref* not to He Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, deemed unlawful nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespass'ers, on account of any (°r want of Default or want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties be orm' deemed aTrefpafler or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done: by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in any Action on the Case.

LXXXIV. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action, or for such PIa0,nt‘^IfV. Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the ^of Aiifend!r~ Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed* or caused to be committed, every or any such hath been made. Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where, such Action shall, depend, at any Time before Iflub joined, to pay into the Court such Sum of Money as lie or they shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgment shall be made, or given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think hrmself, her- Person*ipgrier-.fe.If* or themselves, aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or any other Matter or ed may appeal to Thing done, or directed to be done, in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall apply for *he Relief to tb^ Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, at any Meeting to be held within One fion,%

‘ Month next after Demand made of any such Rate or Rates, Assessrtient or Assessments, or next aft£r any such Matter or Thing done and committed, by, br byOpder of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, such Commissioners are hereby authouied iapd jimpowered (if they shall think such Persons aggrieved) to give such Relief in the PremJfesas to them shall seem necessary; and if such Person or Persons shall not be satisfied with the Determination of such Commissioners, he, she, or they, shall be obliged to pay such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Aireflments, and to comply with such Order of the said Commissioners; and then shall and may appeal to the Quarter-sessions of the Peace, to be holden "for the said County of Middlesex\ within Three Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, Twenty-one Days Notice at the least in Writing of his or herlntentiort to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to such Commissioners, and wirhiiV Two Days next after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before such Justice of the Peace foi* such County, with Two {efficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appal, and to abide the Order thereof, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter-sessions; and the said Justices, at such Quarter-sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and I\ 12tters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices at their (Juarter-sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Writings to 1* Judgment, C^onviction, Warrant,' Mortgage, or Alignment, Transfer, or other Security, for the bor- without Sump* jowing of any Money, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only, signed by,\ any Commissionier or Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, touching or concerning, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vested in such Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, or Transfer or Assignment of any of the Securities aforesaid, made by any Person or Persons*, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever. ' ,l ‘

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Rate or Rates, Afl^flment or Assessments, nor any No Proceeding, Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against: this Act, or any tobe*rc Orders made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted, in or relating to the Execution ^jbyCcr~ of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for w ant of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or by any other

Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law,

Statute, or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of passing this Expence* oft hi* Acti and all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed, out how 10 1)0 of the first Monies arising by virtue of this Act.1 pa»

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Actions shall be commenced against any Limitation of Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursutuice of this Act, until'Twenty-one Days Notice shall Atfion*. be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suitor Suits, shall be so brought; and all such Actions or Suits shall be laid and tried in the County of Middlesex,2iV\& not in any other County, City, or Place; and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in GenerilIfloe. Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for or

62a C. 70. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 17712.

on which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done; or it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid; or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid; then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: And if a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants therein; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffera Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits; or if, upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Suitor - ' n - Suits, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cases re aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in other Cases by Law.

fiiMick Act. XC, And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever, as a Publick Act; and a]l Judges, Justices, and ocher Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fupd; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders loft, burnt, or destroyed.

Most Gracious Sovereign 5

[Preamble.]

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain n Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to Your Majesty the Sum herein alter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of d rant a out ^imc^ That by or out of such Monies as shall, from Time to Time, be and remain in the Receipt ©£th^FunH for of t^e Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the the Service of Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sums of the current Year, Mon< y as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same,

there shall and may be issued and applied, for and towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, a Sum not exceeding to be issued b One eight hundred fifty-six thousand seven hundred twenty-three Pounds, One Shilling, and the Treasury Twopence; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any copdingiy. Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

Treasury fm- Jl. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of His powered to r;ofe Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Trear 0 H*rtSthereo°f for the Yime being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum of One million eight hundred

byLoanscrEx-*fifty-six thousand seven hundred twenty-three Pounds, One Shilling, and Twopence, or any Part chester thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be

the Credit of the lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to ad-Sinking Fund i vance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of One million eight hundred fifty-six thousand seven hundred twenty-three Pounds, One Shilling, and Twopence, upon the Credit of the said Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus-Monies, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, and to have and receive Interest for the Forbearance of the Money lent; so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Treasurer for the Time b-ving, who are or is hereby authorised to issue his or their Warrants for that Purpose, as such Loans shall be wanted for the public k Service; and moreover, that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act shall be rated or a fluffed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

Tall^of Loan

LI. And be it father enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall lend any Money wfthO: der for uP°n the Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall Repayment of immediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her, or their Repay— the Money so ment, bearing the fume Date with his, her, or their T ally, in or upon which Order shall be also con-

ad vs need j and tained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, and to be paid every Three

Interest payable Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to quarter y. |ent a! 1 be registered in Course, according to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall ffand registered in the said Remitter.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 70. 623

Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her, or their Executors, Aciminiftra- Orders to be re-tors, or Assigns, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books or * Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the First Person or Persons to be paid out of the said Sur- Cottrfe' pluflVs, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, or other Revenues; and he, she, or they, who shall have his, ner, or their Order, or Orders next entered,]shall be taken and accounted to be the Second Person to be paid, and so successively, and in Course; and that the Monies to come in, of or for the said Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund as aforesaid, Noun<JocFfe-shall be, in the same Order, liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies fcrenceto bT Politick or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns respectively, without given ia any undue Preference of One before another, and not other wise; and shall not be diverted or divertiidc ment, to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, (other than such Uses and Purposes as are appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid; and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of His Majesty's Subjects, for nor Fceta providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views, or Searches, in or for taken; on For-Payment of Money Tent, or the Interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of His Majesty's Officer or Of- fe tureof Treble ficers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of Treble Damages to the Party grieved by the P‘I!,f,age*' wi 11 Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or ofundue Reward, then to lose his Place also: And if any undue Preference of One before another shall be made, pJefaence in " either in point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Of- point of Registry ficer or Officers, th. n the Party olFen sing shall be liable^ by Action of Debt or on the Case, to pay or Payment, the Value of the Debt, with full Costs of Suit, to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office j and if any such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of nis Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Office or Place: And in case the Auditor of trie Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells Auditor,&c. ne-record, or the Teller make Payment upon such Orders, according to each Person’s due Place and Or- for

der as before direffed; then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Damage?*, &c.or Clerks therein offending to be liable to such Action, Debt; Damages, and Costs, in such Manner as to be recovered -aforesaid; all which laid ^en tities. Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, to be incurred by any. the Officers in any of the of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Courts of Re- Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ wherein no roirnfteJWCft" Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, shall be in anywise min cr* granted or allowed.

IV. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan, or No undue Prese-

Orders for Payment, as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Re- wnce in the Receipt to be registered; then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so Tallin or Orders as he enters them all the same Day. gfe brought the same Day j

V. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in nor if subsequent

Point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay Orders *re pud subsequent Or dvrs, to Persons that come and demand their Monies, and bring their Orders, before ^fore others other Persons that diJ not come and take their Monies, and bring their Orders in course, so as so a* there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise dif- Money may be posed of, but kept for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved reserved for the and kept in Bank for them. precedent Or-

ders.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be Power of Af-

due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Aift, after Order entered in the Book of Register as oftra!»f-

aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment to {^rin0g q"/ be indorsed and written upon his, her, or their Order, may assign and transfer his, her, or their Right, d«s. 6 Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order, to any other j which being notified in the Office of the

Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register aforesaid for Orders* (which the Officers shall, upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make) shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, ani Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and

so tetiu qmties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, who hath or

have made such Assignment, to make void, relcafe, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VII. And to the End there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the if;t<haUbe Whole the said Sum of One million eight hundred fifty-six thousand, seven hundred twenty-three judged more Pounds, One Shilling and Twopence, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing advisable, the Exchequer Bills, as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways and Means, for Tr5af"rV?*7 4 the Publick Service / be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Billsad of Treasurer for the Time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of One million eight Loan*; the Bat hundred fifty-six thousand, seven hundred twenty-three Pounds, One Shilling end Twopence, or any inkchCafe to Part thereof, by Exchequer Eills, instead of such Loans as aforesaid, that then he or tlrey respectively ftlofc

is or are hereby authorised and nr powered, at any Time or Times, to prepare and make, or cause to MalVAftoiiiut

be prepared or made, at the Exchequer, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, for zvy Sum or Sums seflien*

2 c£

624 C. 70.v Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum ‘of One million' eight hundred fifty-six thousand, fever) hundred twenty-three Pounds, One Shilling and Twopence, together with such Loans aforesaid, in the same or like Manner, Form, or Order, and according to the same or like Rules' and Directions,

1 as in and by a certain Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Mate fly certain Duties upon Malty Mumy Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Act.

All Advantages

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Pro-*hd v^oe?» Powers,'Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last-

thia Session re- mentioned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act, (ex-

lating to Loan* cept such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except such

or Exchequer Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of

Bills thereby thfe said Act), shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this

ade^V. Act* as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Exchequer Bills had been

{wendesTto*this originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had Act. been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

The said Exche-

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills, which shall be quer Bills, in- made in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges incident to, or'attend-Char eTareto *nS feme, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by bepafd*out of the anc* out the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, or other Sinking Fund. Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former or other A cl or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same car), be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

Bank authorised X. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be 10 lendto Hi* lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to His Majesty, in, 0^856* 7*3 L* like Manner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum is. id. 3 ’ or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One million eight hundred fifty-six thou-notwithstanding sand seven hundred twenty-three Pounds, One Shilling and Twopence; any Thing in an Act made in Act 5and6Gul. the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary% intituled, An Act for Sc Mari*. granting to Their Maleflies several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

The Sum of

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of One hundred thirty-six 136,4161.8(1. thousand, four hundred sixteen Pounds, and Eightpence Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the ^?urPlu9of Exchequer on the Tenth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, for the Dif-in the Vxchequer P°^ltIon of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Over-on ioOct. 17715 plus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund commo.ily called The Sinking Fuad; and also the Sum 55.192l.6s. of Fifty-five thousand one hundred ninety-two Pounds, Six Shillings and Elevenpence Three Far-11d. 3q.re- things, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of One thousand seven

E^'h^ueron18, hundred an^ seventy-two, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of x.can'qUi^70". the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund commonly called The anii 805,:9s!. Sinking Fund; and also the Sum of Eight hundred and five thousand three hundred ninety-eight Pounds, 13s. zd. re* Thirteen Shillings and Twopence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of ma ninginthe April, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies HUeT0t12 hac* then arisen of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of

and 10,4llV *he Fun^ commonly called The Sinking Fund5 and also the Sum of Ten thousand four hundred twenty-9s. 3d. re- six Pounds, Nine Shillings and Threepence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Dif-maining in the position of Parliament; and also the Sum of Twenty-one thousand seven hundred and ten Pounds, Exchequer; and rernaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred mainin in^he anc* seventy-two, being the Surplus of the Deductions of Sixpence in the Pound out of all Mo-Ex^hequer on 5 nies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments, from the Crown, after fa-Aprilj 1772; tisfying the Annuities, or other Charges, then due and payable out of the same; and also the Sum also 400,000l. of Four hundred thousand Pounds, which by an Act made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution certain Propofols made by the East India Company for India Company ^Je Faymmt of the annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, in respect of the Ter--byAft9Cjc0.nl. ritorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, is directed to be paid within the> and such Monies present Year into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer by the said Company; and also such of the as shall be piii Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer after the Fifth Day of April, One thousand, seven hundred and seventy-two, and on or before the Fifth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred' ^5^1772"andand seventy-three, of the Produce of the Duties charged by an Act of Parliament made in the Fifth April* 5, 17*73, Year of FI is present Majesty's Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum of the Duties of Arabic, shall and may be issued and applied at the said Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for and

Gum Senega

and Gum Arabic, charged by Act 5 Geo. III. to fas applied for the Service of the current Year*

towards

A.D. 1177 2. Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

towards miking ^ood the said Supply 5 and the Com toiflibriers of ttrr Majesty VTreaTury, now or ftW the Time being, or any Three or, mor$ of them, or the H*gh Treasurer for the Time being, are or ts’ hereby authorised and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly*

XII. And be it further enactest by the Authority aforesaid, That a Sum not exceeding One hundred 5*.

thirty-eight thousand and ninety Pounds, Five Shillings, and Tenpence^ outs of Savings arising upon *od* of the Grant for jthePay of an Augmentation to His Majesty's Land Forces for the Year One thoirfmd A*f^nTv seven hunted and seventy-ope $ and also a Sum not exceeding Thirty-six thoafarvJ seven hundred utiontothe and seventy-two Pounds, and T^n Shillings, out of the Savings arising upon the Suirvvpted in the Laud Force* for Account of Extraordinaries in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy, for Levy-money1 for iT7< i the said Augmentation; and also a Sum not exceeding One thousand eight hundred ftxtv-three Pounds,

Thirteen Shillings and Ten pence, out of the Savings arising upon Grants for the Difference between y^Vor E*tra-Briiif/h and Irish Pay. of the Sixty-fourth, and Sixty-fifth Regiments of Foot, from the First Day of Sep o-diturie* in temhdr to the Twenty-f mrth Day of December* One thousand seven hundred and Sixty-eight $ and also 1*701 1IS31. a Sum not exceeding Forty jthoufancj Pounds out of the Sayings arising Upon the Grants for the pay of*!- to*m #ri* teduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines* faonvthk Twenty-fifth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and fifty-fiven^ to the Twenty-fourth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred t*iweenBr;tffl» and sixty-eight, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty towards defraying and into Pay of the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty',s Land Forces, and other Services incurred to the Twen- the64thand ticth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and not provided for by Parlia- 65tlj> Regiment*, ment; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or *n*ut x more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and impowered saiin°g°s upon to issue and apply the same accordingly,; ’ t., Cram* for Pay

of reduced Of*

f j. j. Acer*, 1757 to 177^ to be applied a* afore fa, L

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afq re said, That a Sum not exceeding Twenty- ae i, of thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer on or be- th* Monie»*aiA fore the Fifth Day of April) One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, of the Produce of all or into th- Exchr-any of the Duties and Revenues which by any Act or Acts of Parliament, have been directed to be <r«er, in 5 April, reserved for the Dispositiort of Parliament, towards defraying the necessary expences of defending, pro- p77?’ testing, and securing the British Colonies and Plantations in America, be applied towards making good toward* such Part of the Supply as hath been granted to His Majesty for maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Expence of do-Garrisons in the Plantations, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfound- fending, *c. land, and the ceded Islands, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two: And the the Britise Co-Commissioners of His Majesty* Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, to* Ao£* or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby, authorised and impowered to issue and apply gppficaVward* the same accordingly. making good the

Sum granted fot

maintaining the Garrisons in the Plantations, and for ProriAons for the Forces in North America, Scc.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies Appropriation of coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon One Act of this Session of the Supplies. Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Alum, The Monies a-Cyler, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and sevenfy-two, and so much Jl^8 by Money, if any such he, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Xax* Exchequer Bills made, or to be made, on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer, to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Monies coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon One other Act ofundTatr this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax., to be raised in Great Britain^, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made, or to be made, on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges allowable thereby, for raising the said Lvmd Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to fjtisfy and discharge the same; and also the Sum of One million eight hundred thousand Pounds, granted by One other Act of this Session of Par-Lottery, liament, intituled, An Act for raifvig a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Sendee of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and also all the Monies coming into the Exchequer by Contributions for a Lottery, granted by One other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for redeeming One million Five hundred thousand Pounds of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner and on the Terms therein mentioned, and for cjlabhshing a Lottery; and also the said Sum of One hundred thirty-six thousand four hundred sixteen Pounds and Eightpence and 136,416]. halfpenny remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Tenth Day of October, One thousand Sd. *q. re-seven hundred and seventy-onc, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen linin*in of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund, commonly called o^er'io* 1

The Sinking Fund \ and also the said Sum of Fifty-five thousand one hundred ninety-two Pounds, Six Shillings and EJcvinp.wcc Three Farthings;' remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Fifth 55,19a l. 6*. t

1 f*d. 3 q. Sur-, remaining on 5 Jammy 1771-

626 C. 70.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

d *05,39* L its. ad. tc-maratogustbe Exchequer on April *177. j *ad 10,4161.

Day of January I One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund \ and also the said Sum of Eight hundred and five thousand three hundred ninety-eight Pounds, Thirteen Shillings and Twopence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Firth Day of Aprils One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; and also the

ad 21,7101.46 fa*d Sum of Ten thousand four hundred twenty-six Pounds, Nine Shillings and Threepence remain-remainlaf in the i ng in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament; and also the said Sum of Ex^hcquei 5 Twenty-one thousand seven hundred and ten Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on Fifth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, being the Surplus of the Dc-b^Aa 9 Geo. duQjons of Sixpence in the Pound, out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and od'such Moniesother Payments from the Crown, after satisfying the Annuities, or other Charges, then due and pey-at dull be paid able out of the same j and also the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, which by an Act mad: Uto the Exche* in the Ninth Year of His pr. fctU Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution certain 9ucr between Proposals made in the East India Company, for the Payment of the annual Sum of Four hundred thousand r April ^77/of P°unds, for a limited Time, in rejfefl of tie Territorial Acfuifiiions a id Revenues lately obtained in the East the Produce of Indies, is directed to be paid, within the present Year, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer by the Duties on the said Company; and also such of the Monies as shall be paid unto the Receipt of the Exchequer Gum Senega after the Fifth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and on or before the Fifth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three of the ProJuce of the Duties 1^. ad.grMted c^arScc* by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth Year of H«s present Majesty's Reign, upon the by this Act out Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and also the further Sum of One million of the Sinking eight hundred fifty-six thousand seven hundred twenty-three rounds. One Shilling and Twopence, by Fund, together this Act granted, out of such Monies as shall or may arise of the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overpltis-vnth the Pnxe- nion|CSt and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall be further Idre the DecI*- appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied, for and towards the several r w«r; Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed, together with the Residue of the Monies arising from the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of the late War, which His Majesty declared tn a most

ration of and also such Monies as fits Majesty shall d w.4 iu of the Monies artfcog by Sale of ceded L. eis in the Indies.

Gracious Speech to His Parliament, that He had directed, for the Ease of His Subjects, to be applied to the publick Service; and also such Sum or Sums of Money as His Majesty, according to His most Gracious Intentions, expressed in the same Speech, shall direct, for the further Ease of his Sub-

-> 070.C64I,

6. towards Naval Services

7»-

jests, to be also applied to the publick Service, out of the Monies which have arisen, or shall arise, by the Sale of Lands belonging to His Majesty in the Islands of the West Indies, which were ceded to His Majesty by the late Treaty of Peace.

XV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money

hercii ex^rcfiVd not cx-eec^n8 Two millions, seventy thousand six hundred and sixty-four Pounds, Seventeen Shillings 61X1 c *x c and Sixpence, for or towards the Naval Services herein particularly expressed; that is to say. For or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof performed, and so be perfor med, and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance performed, and to be performed, and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of His Majesty's Navy, and for Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers, and for or towards maintaining Six thousand six hundred and sixty-four Marines, and towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what may be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred fifteen thousand eight hundred eighty-three Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Fourpence, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy two.

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the Aids* 3d?ior Charges or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not ex-of the Office of ceeding Thirty-two thousand four hundred ninety-eight Pounds, Six Shillings, and Threepence, for OrtinuKe. defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

1,314,701!;

XVIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or j1v.5d.aAd*. Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not cx-Oqc Eighth of a ectding One million three hundred fourteen thousand seven hundred and one Pounds, Twelve Shil-t‘^ard# lings, and Fivepence, and One Eighih Part of a Penny, for and towards maintaining His MajestyV

If wh^h °rCe,} Land Forces, and other Services herein-afttr more particularly expressed j that is to say. Any Sum or

629,4911. 11 s. Sums of Money, not exceeding Six hundred twenty-nine thousand four hundred ninety-one Pounds, 4d. and SevMi Twelve Shillings, and Fourpence* and Seven Eighth Parts of a Penny, for defraying the Charge of Eith?h« of a Seventeen thousand- five hundred forty-seven effective Men, commissioned, and non-com m i (Boned Of-Fcnny, for de- ficers included j and including One thousand five hundred and twenty-two Invalids, for Guards, G ir-

charts* of rifons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Bc itain^ Jctfeyj zadGuern/ey^ for

*7,547 ‘ffettive

ftdc», &c. sad 2522 IavattdSj foyQuarts, Ice, i* Great Britaio,

2x5,8831 172, 4 d. towards paying off the Debt of the Navy.

31,49’!. 6s*.

the Year One

thousand.

A.D. 177a. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 70. 627

thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; atad any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Three Not«ccoedmf hundred sixty-eight thousand nine hundred fifty-three Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Sevenpence 2*.

Three Farthings, cowards further maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Goarot\n6 Gaj-and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in rifcDsin the North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year One Plantation*, and thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Four thousand seven hundred twenty-three Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Twopence Farthing, for defray- ^Forct* m ing the Charges of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of Five Battali- abroad* ons and Four Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded 47a* 1. i6>. ti, Islands, for the Year One thousand seven hundred a id seventy-two; an 1 any Su n or Sams of Maney, *9 to make not exceeding Eleven thousand three hundred twenty-two Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Threepence, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand seven thejjr»ti/k hundred and seventy-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding; One hundred fifteen undIriftEfla-thousand seven hundred sixty-five Pounds, 2nd Sixteen Shillings, upon account of the reduced Of- bliflunent of ficers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and ^roo?Y!rn seventy-two and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding-One thousand two hundred eighty- c*

one rounds and Sixpence, for defraying the Charge for Al.owances to the several Officers and d. for General private Gerthmen of the Two Tnops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannuated and General Gentlemen.of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year One thousand liven hundred and staff Officer* seventy-two j anl a.iy Sum o; Sums of Money, not exceeding Six hundred and forty-four Pounds, 115'765* >* for the p; ying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and oflL^/ofihe Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half Pay mGri^ Britain, ^nd who were marri d to them Und Forcei ant before the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year One Maim?*; thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One hun *<*

dred twenty-four thousand eight hundred thirteen Pounds, Twelve Shillings, am} Sixpence, upon Ac* ^Hors G*Td* count, towards defraying the Charge of Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year One thousand 4^rt#

seven hum red and (cveiuy-two ;^uid any Sum or Surtis-of Moficy, not exceeding Tifcy-rseven. thousand the fupcraoni*-seven hundred and five Pounds, Fourteen Shillings,!and Eleven peace Farthing, towards! further defray- aied Gentle* ing the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Force*, and other Services incurred, to the Twen-Jjf F*?L-tieth Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-twc#sand riot provided for by Parliament, o

to the Penfioa' of Offictn Widow*; Not exceeding 114,81 jl. it.*. 6d.to the Ojc ffenffoderttf CheUea Hospital 3 57,7051.14*. ltd. 14. towards extraor* dioaejr Eapences of the (.and Forces, and other Services iacuncd, and not provided for.

XIX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, oat of all or any the Aids or ^goo^i for

Supplies aforesaid, there shall a;id may be issued and applied the Sum of One million eight hundred discha’rging £*-thousand Pounds, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act chequer Billiof passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,///! Act for rtufing a certain.Sum of Money by Loans or Iril Session. Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and charged upon the, j. first Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament. < ’: r mood toH:»mM4-

XX. And it is hereby also mailed by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or jesty the like

Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of Six thousand five hundred and Sum ifluci pur-eighty Pounds to make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued, by His Majesty's Or- fuaintothe Adders, in purfance of the Addresses of the House of Commons. Houft of Common? 1

XXI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or 5K61- Sd* Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum "or Sums of Money not exceed- |jjr cmiXS-ing Five thousand three hundred forty-six Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Fivepence, upon Account, for bi5hnJnt of* maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Afa/j &$//£, for the movi Scoti* Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two* and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nocexceeding Three thousand one hundred and eighty-six Pounds, upon Accojnt for defraying the Charges of the V Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the of Getr L* Came, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and and seventy one, "950?.f../the ’ to the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and any Sum cmi Er-bliAi-or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand nine hundred and fifty Pounds, u|3on Account, meat of for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of East Florida, and FJ.wid.aL other incidental Expences attending the same, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and sevenrv-one, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred a..d mentofWcll/ seventy-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand six hundred and fifty Florid* 5 Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Co- 1S85l. 4*. for lony of West Florida, and ofher incidental Expences attending the same, from the Twenty-fourth Day <^ra>ii*g £*-of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-twoi and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding O^e thou- America, find eight hundred eighty five Pounds and Four Shillings, upon Account, for defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty's Dominions in North America, fur the \ e.:r One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

XXII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, out of all or any the Aids 13,000l.for rc-or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money nut ex- paringmdmair* ceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporcing the the rw,:* British Foifs and Settlements on the Coast of Africa \ and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding *u "iCa*

La

,628 C. 70. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A. Eh

6^361.9^9. jSix thousand ihrc^ hundred thirty six Pounds, and Ninepenee Halfpenny* on Account* for defraying the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil EstabUlhment of the Government of Senegambiai

biiflupeiit of Ve- on toat Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Salleem South. Barbary and Cape Rogue, o-gtmbi*. for toe Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two \ and any sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand four hundred Pounds, for the more effectually repairing the Fort of Cape Coast Wat lxuiJloi on the Coast of Africa 5 and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand Pounds*

2400). forte- to be applied as an Encouragement, for the more effectually prosecuting the Discoveries towards the pairing the Fort South Pole

of Cape Coast,

Castle, and4000!, for prosecuting Discorciics.

500l. toM-r-

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids chmtt trading to or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied* any Sum or Sums of Money not ex* the Levant $ f ceeding Five thousand Pounds, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting the said Company in carrying on their ?qooI‘totho Trade; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, towards enabling the V. ^uftees the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trust reposed in th$m by Parliament i BmiA Miueuid, ancj any sum gums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand Four hundred and ten Pounds, to en-Trustfreposed in able His Majesty to Pulchase for the Use Of the Publick, a CoJle&ion of Etruscan, Grecian* and Romaa them by Par- Antiquities, brought from Italy by Sir William Hamilton, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the liamenc $ Bath* which said Collection shall be* and the same is hereby vested in the Trustees of the British Mu~ feum; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Eight hundred and forty Pounds, to enable the jesty to purchase fa*d Trustees to provide a proper Repository for the Reception! of the said Collect ion of Etruscan, a Co fiction of Grecian, and Roman Antiquities.

Etrafcan, Ottilia, and Roman Afifiqaitiac; 8401. for a perpetual Repertory for the fiud CoUt&oa*

<998). 141.5<l.

XXIV. And it b hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or for^freymgEx^ Supplies aforesaid* there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed-Roadi*to/ia ’tog Si* thousand nine hundred ninety-eight Pounds* Fourteen Shillings and Fivepence, upon Account the Hightads of of the Expences of the new Roads of Communication* and building Bridges in the Highlands of North Scotland in Britain^, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money *77* - not exceeding Two hundred ninety-four-Pounds* Three Shillings, and Eleven-pence* to make good

to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been paid to several Persons in North Britain as a Compen* fation* and in full Satisfaction to their Losses and Expences incurred pursuant to several Orders of Council* for preventing the Tpreading of the DHlemper aroongst the Horned Cattle; and any Sum or Sums.of Money not exceeding Fittc hundred Pounds, to enable His Majesty to reward Daniel Peter Layard, Doctor of Physick* for his Advice and Assistance fn carrying into Execution a Plan for pre-Not exceeding venting the spreading: of the Infectious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain; and any 7941.$ 1 11d. Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand rounds, to be paid to Charles Irving, for the (to be nude good Discovery of an easy and > practicable Method of making Sea Water fresh f and wholesome; and any to His Majesty) Sum or bums of Money not exceeding One thousand Five hundred Pounds, to be paid as a Compen-?"dreTenrt folth ^al*on to Edmund Hill* for the Loss he will sustain by discontinuing the Use of Pestles in making Gun* D;stemper among powder of his Mills upon Hounjbw Heath, in case it shall be found necessary for the publick Security to h.>rncd Cattle. prohibit the Use of such* Pestles.

50001. to', 4:

CJurks Xrting, f0t a late Di&overy. 1500 L as a 'Competition to Edmund Hill, for distootinuing tty Uie of bit Pestles.

1,350,000l. to

XXV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids of Table toPer Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of One million; three hundred and who have" fifty thousand Pounds* to enable His Majesty to satisfy and make good the several Sums payable to the subscribed their Persons who have subscribed their Capital Stock of three Pounds per Centum Annuities, to be discharged Capital Stock of and annihilated upon the Terms expressed in the Resolution of the House of Commons, of the Second 31 percent. Day of May\ One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

Annuities.

XXVI. And it is hereby also eqadled by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids

41dtomlke^ood or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed-^ficU*nelesS°* tog borty-two thousand four hundred forty-five Pounds, Five Shillings and Fivepence, to replace 1771. to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to malqe good the Deficiency on the Fifth Day

of July 1 One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, of the^und efta^liftied for paying Annuities in respect of Five millions borrowed by virtue of an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign and not exceeding of His late Majesty towards the Supply granted for the Service;of the Year One thousand sevenbundred 39,4561. iod. and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand four hundred jq. to make fifty-six Pounds* and Tenpence Farthing* to make good the Deficiency of the Grafts, for the Ser-» 5^r.rCy vice of the One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

,77,.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority afofefind. That the said Aids and Supplies

The said Aid*to provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use/ Intent, or Purpose whatsoever* other le appli-d only than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned,; or for the several Deficiencies, or other Payments di* to 1 he ufesb-- reeled to be satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or CUufes* for that Purpose^ foie mentioned. contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of PatUament,

I 4

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 70. 629

XXVIII. And, as to the Sum of One hundred fifteen thousand seven hundred sixty-five Pounds Rules to fee ob- and Sixteen Shillings, by this Act appropriated on Account of Half Pay as aforesaid,’ it is hereby fc.Vredi?th? enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly nldfPiy. observed in the Application of the said Half Pay 5 that is to say. That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who was a Minor, and under the Age of Sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Person who did actual Service in some Regiment* Troop, or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said naif Pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland\ shall have or receive any Part of the said Half Pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has resignea his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person, by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons as would have been otherwise intitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the Five Regiments of Dragoons, and Eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded iiv Ireland, Except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain.

XXIX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund,

and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sessions of Parliament y for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Twosevenihs Excise, and for enabling the CommiJJhners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to pay to John Dobson, Owner of the Greenland Ship Lord Molyueux,

the Bounty due for the said Ship on the last Year's Fishery\ the several Supplies which had been granted

to His present Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes 10*. wasappro- therein expressed; amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and fe-priatedtot*paid venteen thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight Pounds, Ten Shillings, was appropriated to be paid reduced Offi- to the reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines for the Year One thousand seven C6r,#

hundred and seventy-one, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application to the said Half Pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that BehalfNow it is hereby pro- Ortrplui Monies vided, enacted, and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of One hun-died and seventeen thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight Pounds, Ten Shillings, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said officer* who Act to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed were maimed, of to such Officers who are maimed, or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as, by &c. in thelate reason of their long Service, or otherwise, His Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or °f"

to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under His

ana^hiidrer*ar

Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; any Thing in this Act, or the said former His Majesty /halt Act, to the Contrary notwithstanding. direct.

XXX. And- whereas several Bills, commonly called Exchequer Bills, several Tickets, commonly How E«keqner called Lottery Tickets, several Orders and Certificates made forth in lieu of the said Lottery Tickets, and Bill#, Lottery likewise for Annuities of divers Kinds, payable at or near the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, TKkc£’^‘?ar 4 as also several Receipts of the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or £*, ^Vr- some of them, for Money contributed there for the Purchase of Annuities transferable in the Books wife destroyed,

of the said Governor and Company, foror other Monies payable there in pursuance of Acts of Par- ®#y be made liament, have, by Casualty or Mischance, been loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; which Exche-00 Person»

auer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders of the re-to 4 ipeftive Denominations aforesaid, were made forth by and in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament

in that Behalf;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where it shall appear, by Affidavit, to be made before any or either of the Barons of the Exchequer for the Time being, (who shall interrogate the Deponent thereupon), to the Satisfaction of such Baron or Barons, that any such Exchequer Bills, or any such Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders as aforesaid, before the First Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, have been, are, or shall be loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, or that there be good Reason to believe the same have been burnt, loft, or otherwise destroyed, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Officers and Persons appointed to issue or make forth such Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, or to pay or discharge the same, or to issue any Monies due or payable thereupon, upon producing a Certificate from any or either of the said Barons, of such Affidavit made before him or them (which Affidavit the said Barons, or any or either of them, is and are hereby authorised to take, and whion Certificate he or they is and are hereby required to make and grant without Fee or Reward); and, on Security given to the said refipeftive Officers and Persons, tp their good liking, to indemnify them respectively against aH other Persons whatsoever, for or concerning the Monies specified in or due upon such respective Bill or Bills, Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, Order or Orders, they the said Persons respectively shall, and aro hereby require*} to make forth Duplicates of the said Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, and Orders, at the Request of the respective Owners; and to pay, satisfy, and discharge the same, and all such Interest as is or shall be due on any of them, carrying Interest; or to make forth Stock or transfer-table Annuities, in lieu of fqch Receipts, as he or they shall have paid, satisfied, or discharged or

6.3° C. 7f, 72. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

made forth, on the said original Bill?, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity, Orders, or other Orders, if the same had been produced; and shall be allowed all such Payments, Sum or Sums of Money, in their respective Accounts; and, in all Cases where the Signing of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, shall be necessary for making the said Duplicates, or any of them, effectual, for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to sign such Duplicates accordingly.

[Preamble.]

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for repealing several Laws therein mentioned against Badgers, Engroffers, Fore-stallers, and Regrators, and for indemnifying Persons against Prosecutions for Offences committed against the said Acts.

WHEREAS it hath been found by Experience, that the Restraints laid by several Statutes upon the Dealing in Corn, Meal, Flour, Cattle, and sundry other Sorts of Visuals, by pfe-venting a free Trade in the said Commodities, have aTendency to discourage the Growth, and to enhance the Price of the same; which Statutes, if put in Execution, would bring a great Distress upon the Inhabitants of many Parts of this Kingdom, and in particular upon those of the Cities of London and Westminster \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-Acti 3,4, 5, sp ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the Third and Fourth 6 Edw. VI. j Year of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act for the buying and selling of Butter and Cheese \ and also an Act, made in the Fifth and Sixth Year of King Edward the Sixth intituled, An Act against Regrators, Forejloilers, and Engroffers; and also an Act, made in the Third Year of Philip and Mary, intituled, An Act for the keeping of Milch Kine, and for breeding and rearing of Calves; and also an Act,* made in the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act touching Badgers of Corn, and Drovers rf Cattle, to be licensed \ and also an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the felling of live fat Cattle by Butchers; and so much of an Act, made in the' Fifth Year of Queen Anne% intituled, An Act for continuing the Laws therein mentioned relating to the Act 15 Car. II5 Poor, and to the buying and selling of Cattle in Smith field, and forfuppr effing of Piracy, as relates to Butchers uj 5 Cattle alive or dead within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within Ten Miles thereof;

and all Acts made for the better Enforcement of the same, being detrimental to the Supply of the labouring and manufacturing Poor of this Kingdom, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Informations, Indictments, Suits, or Prosecutions, already commenced, for the inflicting any Punishment, or for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty, or Fo:feiture, under the said former Acts, or any of them, shall cease and determine; and no tourer nr further Proceedings shall he had thereupon: And that no Information, Imliftment, Suit, or Prosecution, but Proreedingi commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons whaifoevtr, under or by virtue of the said

to be void. Acts, cr any of them; but that all such Proceedings shall be voiJ, and of no Eflfcft j any Law, Statute or Usage, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Act j Phil. Sc Mary;

Act

repealed.

All Informi-t»n% See. iom« menced under the tiid Acr% to deterfnine

[Preamble.]

Debtors suffering Pointing on a Ii. mi 'g, or 111 -ill l< irr>t rifor.ed, or

r;Mi e t thi Avbty, &c.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the Diligence of the Law by Arrtftmenc and Poinding, and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for limiting Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS by the Laws now subsisting in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ the personal Estates of such Debtors as become Insolvent are generally carried off by the Diligences of Arrcllment and Poinding, executed by a few Creditors, who, from the Nearness of their Rehdence to, and Connection with such Debtois, get the earliest Notice of the Insolvency, to the great Prejudice of Creditors more remote and unconnected, and to the Disappointment of that Equality which ought to take Place in the Distribution of the Estates of Insolvent Debtors among their Creditors: v Therefore, to remedy such Injustice and Inequality in Time coming, and to render the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious, may it please Your most Excellent Majesty th*t it may be enacted 5’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conicnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a ire m bled, and by the Authority of the same, That when any Debtor, in that Part of Great Brr-tain alled Scotland, shall suffer a Poinding on a Horning, or on the Precept of an inferior Judge, after t.ie D ys of the Charge are elapsed, to be executed against his personal E It ate, or any Part of it, or shall be under Diligence by Horning and Cap. ion, and shall be imprisoned, or retire to the Abbey, or any other privileged Place, or fly or abscond for his Personal Security, or defend his Person by Force; or

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 72. 631

if toy Debtor out of Scotland, or who cannot be tmprisoned by Reason of Privilege, shall be under Diligence by Letters of Horning duly denounced and registered, and shall have his or her personal Estate, or any Part thereof, attached by Arrestment: it shall be lawful to the Creditor or Creditors at whose Court of Se/Kon In fiance the said Diligence proceeds, to apply to the Court of Session by a summary Petition for a Se- to grant w.rraot quest ration of the Debtor's Estate, which Court is hereby authorised and required, upon such Appli- for c,t B*tbcm* cation, and Production of the Grounds of Debt and Diligence aforesaid, and the Execution of a Messenger, or other Officer of the Law, employed in executing the said Diligence, and upon his, her, or their making Oath to the Verity of the Debt, upon which the Diligence has proceeded, or his, her, or their known Agent, making Oath that he believes the Debt for which the Diligence has proceeded to be due, to grant Warrant for citing the Debtor or Debtors, if more than One are bound for thd Debt, and the Diligence aforesaid have been used against them, by delivering to him, her, or them a Copy of the Petition personally, or by leaving it at his, her, or their Dwelling-places; or if he, she, or they are out of Scotland, by affixing Copies upon the Market Cross of Edinburgh, Pier and Shore of Lietht to appear in Court within the Time specified in the Warrant for Citation, not being less than Six, nor more than Thirty Days, from the Date of the Citation, to shew Cauf: why Semiestration should not be awarded against his, her, or their Personal Estate; and if the Debtor or Debtors shall not appear within the Time theyftulT specified in the Cit ition by themselves or Counsel, or shall not either pay the Debt upon which the Diligence has proceeded, or shew ot ier reasonable Cause why the Court should not proceed to Seque JJlefr^Efute o»r Oration* the Court shall forthwith sequestrate his, her, or their p'rional Estate, and appoint a Factor for o»tL$’ managing and recovering the same; and shall likewise make an Order, requiring him, her,*or them, to produce their Books and Papers, and to make a full and fair Discovery of his, her, or their whole Estate, heritable and moveable, wherever situated, upon Oath, if required by the Petitioner or Petitioners, or other Creditors appearing; and to grant a Disposition of his whole personal Estate, wherever or *ta Pifr situated, to the Factor so named, for the Benefit of his whole Creditors; which Disposition shall not be 1*

reduce able upon any of the former Statutes concerning Bankrupts: And if the Debtor or Debtors shall creditor* refuse to obey, such Orders, the Court may compel him, her, or them, by Imprisonment, until he, (he, the Court’to or they shall comply: And if the Creditor or Credito r, having used the Diligence aforesaid, are deft- compd them by rous to apply for a Sequest ration of his, her, or their Debtor’s personal Estate in Time of Vacance, such l«n?rifonmeat, Creditor or Creditors may present his, her, or their Petition, and produce their Grounds of Debt, and Jw*Ordinary* Diligence, to the Lord Ordinary officiating on the Bills for the Time, who thereupon is authorised and powvrt inTkw required to grantWarrant for citing the Debtor or Debtors, and to sequestrate, if proper, and to appoint of Vacance* a Factor, and to do every Thing necessary in Execution of this Act, during the Vacance, that the Court is impowered to do, when Petition is presented to it while the Court is fitting; and when the Application for Sequestration is made to the Court, and any Thing shall be left undone at the End of any Session by the Want of Time, the Lord Ordinary on the Bills is authorised and required to do every Thing necessary in Execution of this Act, during the Vacance, that he is im powered to do when the Petition for Sequestration isoriginallypresented to him and the Court; or the Lord Ordinary on the Bills, inTime-of Vacance, may grant to Debtors not in Prison, cited undir the Authority of this Act, a Protection* from personal Diligence for such Time as unto the Court, or the Lord Ordinary on the Bills, shall seem* expedient, for the Execution of the Act: And if the Debtors cited to appear are in Prison, the Court, or the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacance, at the Desire of the Petitioner or Petitioners, may grant Warrant for bringing the Persons of such Debtors into Court, or before the Lord Ordinary on the Bills, in Time of Vacance, in the Custody of a Macer of Court, Messenger, or other Person authorised for that Purpose; and if that is not reauired, may grant Warrant for the Liberation of such*

Debtors; and may, in either Case, when such Debtors appear in Court, or before the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacance, grant to them a personal Protection, or not, as their Behaviour in do-Justice to their Creditors shall seem to merit.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in the Nomination of a R*torpid8*ied*

Factor, the Court, or the Lord Ordinary on the Bills at the Time of the Sequestration, shall prefer the

Person presented by the Majority of the Creditors concurring in the Application for Sequestration, orp# producing their Grounds of Debt in the Hands of the Clerk to the Sequestration; and who immediately who (kali give thereafter shall cause an Advertisement to be infc ted in thz London Gazette y and in the publick Paper to puUkla Intimate appointed as is hzrein-after mentioned, intimating the Sequestration, and requiring the whole Cre- Segoe-ditors of the Debtor or Debtors to meet at the Time and Place appointed by the Court, or the Lord Or-

dinary on the Bills, not sooner than Thirty Days after the Sequestration, in order to their continuing m

the fame Factor, or chusing another, upon the feejueftrated Estate; and the Person chosen by a Majority in Value of the Creditors present at such Meeting, by themLlves, or by their Attornies or Agents authorised to act for them, and who shall then have produced their Claims and Vouchers, or Grounds of Debt, and proved their Debts in Manner after directed, shall be, by the Court, appointed Factor upon* the sequestrated Estate; and thereupon the Powers of the Factor, named at the Time of the Stquestra-lion, if the Person made Choice of is different from him, shall ccafe and determine, and he shall be obliged to convey to the new Factor the whole of the personal Estate which the Bankrupt disponed to* hkn, and that shall then not be recovered and converted into Money; and shall deliver to the new Factor every Part of the Bankrupt’s Estate in his Possession, an J all Securities taken for the same, or any Part thereof, and pay such Balance as may appear to be due by him when his Accounts are settled. Court of Session

III. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if Circumstances lead to suspect Lord Oidm»r* that the Debtor or Debtors may embezzle, secrete, or dilapidate his, her, or their Effects, between the to make interim Time of presenting the Petition fur Sequestration and the sequestrating and appointing a Factor, the Ottm*

632 C. 72. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

>Ficton Powers,

{object to the 'Order of the Court.

Advertisement to

Court, in Time of Session, or the Lord Ordinary officiating on the Bills in Time of Vacance, may, at the Suit of any Creditor who petitions for the Sequestration, and upon his, her, or their making Oath, or upon the Oath of his, her, or their known Agent or Attorney, that he, she, or they, have Reason to fufp d that the Debtor or Debtors may embezzle, secrete, or dilapidate his, her, or their ESFeds, make such interim Orders as shall be judged most expedient for preventing the Estate of the Debtor or Debtors from being embezzled, secreted, or dilapidated. i

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Fadors appointed upon sequestrated Estates, in Manner before directed, shall be inverted with all the Powers competent by the Law of Sect-land to such Fadors as are in use to be appointed by the Court for the Management of fequertrated Estates, or of the Estates of Persons absent or incapable of Management; and shall likewise be fubied to all the Duties incumbent on such Fadors, and also to such other Rules and Orders as the Court shall make, from Time to Time for the more effectual and expeditious Recovery, or converting into Money, the Estates of such Insolvent Debtors.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Fador appointed or continued JFjc-or so^CtX ^t€T. the Meeting called in Manner before directed. shall immediately publish an Advertisement as is ^itor* fivingin herein after mentioned, requiring all the Cre litors to give in their Claims and Vouchers, or Grounds *£beir Vouchers, of Debt, to the Clerk of the Sequestration, in order that a State of the Debts may be prepared by the

Fador; and certifying, that such Creditors as shall not produce their Claims, with the Vouchers thereof, and make Oath before the Lord Ordinary officiating on thfc Bills for the Time, or before a Commissioner to be named by him, or before the Judge Ordinary where they rifide, if Notice is given to the Fador of 1 the Oath being to be made in that Manner, and of the Time when, and Place where, it is to be made, j upon the Verity of their Debts, within Nine Calendar Months after the Date of the Sequestration, Oath of Tkrity not be intitled to any Share in the first Distribution of the Debtor’s Estate among the Creditors* ' of Creditors a-

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Credi- t »broad, and the for shall happen to be out of the Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, his Oath of Verity, taken be-rOathofCredisli- forc any Magistrate where he is resident at the Time or an Oath of Credulity by his Factor or Attor-iity of Minor* ney in geotland^ shall be sufficient; and also that if any Creditor is under Age, the Oath of Credulity of any of his Fadors or Curators, or of the Fador employed in the Management of the Minor’s Affairs, taken in the Manner before directed, shall be sufficient.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Fador, within Ten Days after,

the Lapse of Nine Calendar Months from the Date of the Sequestration, shall lodge, with the Clerk to the Sequestration, a State of the Debtor’s Funds then come to his Knowledge, distinguishing what Part of them have been converted into Money, and what Part of them are not converted; and also a Stats of the Debts which have been proved within the Nine Months, in Manner be-; vfore directed; and likewise publish an Advertisement, as is herein after mentioned, notifying to

the Creditors that he has produced a State of his Accounts to the Court; and upon the State of the Accounts being so produced, the Court shall allow Twenty Days to the Creditors to peruse the

Or for a rate* fame, and to make Objections to them, if they any have; and immediately thereafter the Court shall 1

.»ble Distribn- order an equal and rateable Distribution of the Estate recovered by the Fador, and converted into Mo- (

ney, to be made amongst the Creditors only who have proved their Debts, and produced their Vouchers or Grounds of Debt in Manner before mentioned, and whose Debts are not objected against; and in case any of the Debts claimed upon shall be objected to, in Whole or In Part, or shall not be liquidated; 'at the Time of the Distribution, the Share corresponding to such Debts shall be forthwith lodged by the Factor in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank^ at such reasonable Interest as can be got, not more than One per Centum under the legal Jmereit: And in case of the said Banks refusing to give such reasonable Interest for the Money, the Fador shall lodec the same with any Banking Company, nared by the Court, who are willing to give such reasonable Interest, and to give such Security for the Money lodged as shall appear satisfactory to the Court; and the Money so lodged shall remain until the Objections are determined, and be (ubjed to the after Disposal of the Court, in making an equal and rateable Distribution of the Debtor’s Estate.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Nine Months ScqwftraUcmwK a^ter Sequestration Snail expire during the Time of Vacance, the Factor in that Case shall produce fire during Va- the State of his Accounts to the Lord Ordinary officiating on the Bills for the Time, and shall notify <*nce, Account* the same to the Creditors, by Advertisement, in Manner herein after mentioned; and thereupon the

be produced to Lord Ordinary shall appoint the Sta;e of Accounts to be seen and objected to by the Creditors against the Lord Orthna- t^e Sederunt Day of the next Session, when, or Us soon after as niay be, the Court shall order an *y* equal and rateable Distribution to be made in the Manner before directed.

When the Factor

IX. And be it further enacted, That, within Ten Days of Eighteen Calendar Months, from the Date

shall make ops of the Sequestration, when it is to be expected the Factor will have all the personal Estate under his Ma-Second staie of nagement converted into Money,-except such Claims of the Debtor’s as may be suspended by Litiga-Accounu, tion, tfoc Ra£ior shall make up a Second State of Accounts, present them to the Court, or to the Lord Ordinary officiating on the Bills fo/ the Time, and advertise the Creditors in Manner herein after mentioned; and the Court shall proceed therein, and order a Second Distribution among the Creditors, in Manner before directed. ’

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Part of the Debtor’s personal Estate as has not after the Elapse of Eighteen Months from the Sequestration been converted into Money, by ;'*e M reason of Litigation, or some other Impediment, shall be, after the Recovery thereof, distributed among the Creditors* at such Time as the Court shall direct; the Fador being always bound to give in his

Accounts,

Factors, to be Sufficient.

Account* being produced, the Ccurt to allow ..30 Day* to the Credito to per-,uk the dame;

tion of Mon«y 5recovered.

DeStor’* Ffttte

<»ot converted

' M o M -nr after Rrcove be o^nbuted.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 72. 6jj

Accounts, withiit the First Ten Sederunt Days of each Session, or the Monies recovered by him since the last accounting, until all the Fupds are divided.

XI. And be it further enacted, That such Creditors only who fh all have produced their Vouchers or C' editors pt* Grounds of Debt, and proved the Verity thereof, before the pay fixed for each Distribution as before h-,ve «o* pipdo* mentioned, shall be intitkd to a Share in such Distributi n; and such Creditors as shall not have produced and proved the Verity of their Grounds of Debt, shall only be intitkd to a rateable Piopoition cnlv to I rateable correspondent to the Balances then due toihe other Creditors, in any Distribution to be made, after their Proponiaa. Grounds of Debt are produced, and the Verity proved as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Fail or, before receiving his P^ualty 'f Warrant or Commission from the Court, shall be bound to give Security, to the Satisfaction of the Court, for his doing exafl Diligence in performing his Duty as a Factor; and if he shall fail in doing i5°^(,er ,’}fc his Duty in any of the^Articles before mentioned, he shall be liable in a Penalty not uik.er Five Pounds, 5i# ail<j n,n cx. and not exceeding Thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain^ to be applied in Payment of the ceding jol#. Creditors; and further, if he shall be guilty of embezzling or concealing any Part of the Debtor’9 Fftare, he shall be liable in Treble the Value of what he so embezzles or conceals, and which shall also be applied in Payment of the Creditors; and the Factor shall not keep in his Hands, at any Time, more than One hundred Pounds Sterling of thcvDcbtor’s Money; and what Money shall come in:o his Hands above that Sum, he shall forthwith lod e in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank^ or with a Banking Company, in the Manner before directed, upon such reasonable Interest as can be got for the N’oney not more than One per Centum under the legal Interest, otherwise he shall be liable for the legal Interest thereof, and the Fa£lor shall have such Allowance for his Trouble as the Court shall judge proper, at every Distribution, not exceeding in whole Five per Centum of the Sums, recovered; and the Court may remove the Factor, upon Cause shewn; and, upon such removal or Fador’s Death, appoint another in his Place, in Manner aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Creditors who claim upon Creditor* Share# Debts, whereof the Term of Payment is not come at the Time of the Distribution, may nevertheless,

upon discounting the legal Interest to the Term of Payment, draw^heir Shares in Proportion to m

what remains after such Discount; and the Shares of Creditors, not called for at the Time of the Distribution, shall be lodged by the Factor in One of the Banks, or with a Banking Company in Manner before directed, at such Interest as can he got for the same, not more than One ter Centum under the le^al Interest; and the Names of the Persons to whom such Shares are due shall, immediately after such Distribution, be published by Advertisement as the Court shall direct, the Expence whereof shall be paid by the Bank, or Banking Company, with whom the Money shall be lodged, and shall be retained by such Bank, or Banking Company, out of the Money due when Payment comes to be made.

XIV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, in the making up Casts in case of Doubt*, or Schemes for distributing the Debtors Effects, all Debts claimed upon, which are intitled to a Pre- the Debit intitkd ference by the Law of Scotland, not altered by this Act, shall be preferred accordingly; and if any

Doubt arises about the Preference, and if the Difnute is likely to occasion any considerable Delay, a 8 in c

Share equal to the Debt claimed in Preference shall be lodged in One of the Banks, or with a Banking Company, at such Interest as can be got, not more than One per Centum under the legal Interest, in Manner before directed, subject to the after Disposal of the Court.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Factor authorised by Three-fourths of the Creditors in Factor miy fub-Value, present at a Meeting, to be called for that Purpose by Advertisement in the Manner herein-^to Ajbilr,a’ after mentioned, may submit to Arbitration, or compound, or sell by Auction* any Claims competentl, on*

to the Debtor.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Time and Place of all the Meetings to be held in virtue NoCiHit r to of this Act shall be advertised in the Manner herein after mentioned; and at such Meeting the Credi- Vo f» tors may either appear by themselves, or by any Person authorised to Act for them; and Pupils and Mi- ^cxc^cdVo^ non may appear by their Tutors and Curators, or by any of them, or by a Person properly authorised D0 txccc 10 to act for such Pupils and Minors; and no Creditor shall have a Vote at such Meetings whose Debt docs

not exceed Ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; and the Minutes of such Meetings, lub-feribed by the Pr< fes of the Meeting, elected by a Majority of the Creditors present, or others intitled to act for them, shall bear Faith.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Arrestment of a Debtor’s per- Aircler oMigra

fonal Estate, or any Part of it, ukd at any Time within Thirty Days before an Application for a Se- tlu-

questration of such personal Estate, under the Authority of this Act, shall give any Preference to the ajrrcfte'J»

arresting Creditor, in the Event of a Sequestration taking Place: and the Arreflee shall be obliged to deliver the Effects arrested, or pay what he owe3 to the Insolvent Debtor to the Factor appointed, as if no such Arrestmcnr had been used; and if the Arrestee has delivered the Effects, or paid the Money arrested to the Arrtfter, by virtue of a Decreet of Forthcoming, or any other Authority whatever, the Arrester shall be obliged to pay or deliver the same to the Factor appointed by the Court.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Poinding of a Debtor’s Ef- Poindcrobiiya

sects, not completely executed Thirty Days before an Application for a Sequestration of the Debtor’s deliver to the personal Estate, under the Authority of the Act, shall give any Right or Preference to the Poinder, in Fa?°r*heG#0<i* ihc Event of a Sequestration taking Place; but" the Poinder shall he obliged to deliver to the Factor the po, ncc

Goods poinded, not sold or disposed of, when he is required so to do; and if they are then sold or disposed

34- C." *}i. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

of, he shall be liable to account to the Faff or for the apprized Value of the Goods poinded, which shall make Part of the Fund to be distributed among the Creditors, faftorIntitled to

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Payments made by a Debtor to his Cre-

rtcover Go^d* -ditors, after an Application for a Sequestration of his personal Estate, under the Authority of this Act, and Eflfea* fold, shall be void and ineffectual to the Receivers, in the Event of a Sequestration taking Place; and the Saim^fEkbt° Ea&or shall be intitled to recover the Monies so paid as Part of the Bankrupt’s Estate; and the Monies so conveyed unjust- recovered shall make a Part of the Fund to be distributed among the Creditors: And that no Bargain of ly. Sale of, or Agreement about, any Goods or Effects, or Conveyance of any Ground or Claim of Debt,

y by Alignment, Indorsement, or otherwise, made by a Debtpr after an Application for a Sequestration of his personal Estate, under the Authority of this Act, for any Cause or Consideration whatever, other than a fair and adequate Price paid, or to be paid in Money, shall be effectual, in the Event of a Sequestration taking Place; and the Fa ft or shall be intitled to recover such Goods and EiFefts, so fold or ' agreed for, and to recover Payment of such Grounds or Claims of Debt so conveyed, by Assignment, Indorsement, or otherwise, for any Cause or Consideration, other than a fair adequate Price paid, -or to be paid, as if such Sale, Agreement, or Conveyance, had never been made; and the Eftefts or Debts so recovered shall make a Part of the Fund to be distributed among the Creditors.

£ersons deprived

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That ail Arresters and Poinders, who shall of the Benefit of jje deprived of the Benefit of their respective Diligences in Manner aforesaid, shall be intitled to demand. Safe to receive anc* to receive Expence laid out by them in prosecuting such Diligences: And that all Persons who Sxpencesjncur- shall be deprived, in Manner aforesaid, of the Benefit of any Bargain of Sale, or Agreement about any ted. Goods or Effects, or of any Conveyance of Claims or Grounds of Debt, shall likewise be intitled to demand, and to receive, all the Expence they may have, bona fide> incurred by the Sale, Bargain, or Conveyance, being rendered ineffectual.

Court, upon Ap-

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Debtor Lifters the Diligence plication and to be executed against him, which intitles the Creditor who uses such Diligence to p tition the Production of Court of Session for a Sequestration, it shall be competent to any other of the Creditors of the Debtor oun so m, tQ app]y for Sequestration of the Debtor’s personal Estate; and the Court is hereby authorised and required, upon such Application, and upon Production of the Grounds of Debt of such Petitioner or Petitioners, and satisfying Evidence of the Diligence having been used, which is prescribed by this Act, before a Sequestration can be applied for; and upon an Oath being made to the Verity of the Debt, in Manner as directed, when an Application is made by the Creditor who has used Diligence, to grant Wiurai*to grant Warrant for citing the Debtor, in the same Manner as if the Sequestration had been applied f->r a »ng the for by the Creditor who used the said Diligence, and to proceed in the same Way and Manner, as if Debtor, the Application had been made by the Creditor who used the Diligence: Provided always, that no such

Application shall be competent, unless it is made within the Space of Thirty Days from the Time the Dili* jence was executed, which intitled tWUfer thereof to apply for a Sequestration.

On Apvlintbn

XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Debtors who know themselves tote Court^fh »rrpro- *n t*le*r Credit and Circumstances, mav apply to the Court of Session in Time of Session, or to

cesd toSecjucftra-the Lord Ordinary Officiating on the Bills, in Time of Vacance, setting forth their Case, and offering tion. to make a fair Surrender of their personal Estate; And upon such Application the Court, or the Lora

Ordinary on the Bills, in Time of Vacance, shall forthwith proceed to Sequestration, appointing a Factor, and to do all other Things required by this Act to be done, when Sequestrations proceed upon the Petition of Creditors, in Manner before directed.

Debtor* not com-

XXIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Debtor shall not, after the Sequestra-piying with what tion, make a fair and full Surrender of all his or her personal Estate, and of all his or her Hooks, and is hereby other \Vritings and Documents whatsoever, necessary for discoveringifhd recovering hiis or her personal edasfr-uHulettt" Estate, or shall not comply with what is required of him or her by this Act, or shall behave in any Re-Ban kru it*. spect fraudulently, with regard to his or her Creditors, he or she shall be punished by the Court as a fraudulent Bankrupt, and be excluded from the Benefit of the Action of Cejjio Bomrum.

Nothin?contain-

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent or affect any Diligence, ~ed to prevcoc or other Proceedings, against the real or heritable Estates of Debtors; but it shall be competent to every Debtor*a^a,n^Creditor to follow Yorth the same in due Course of Law.

Sur lu* after

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Surplus of every Debtor’s personal Estate that may Payment or remain after Payment of his or her Debts, and of the Expence incurred in carrying this Act into Exe* Debts ro be pud cution, shall be paid over to the Debtor, or to his or her Assigns or Executors.

to the Debtor.

IF the D.bt r

XXVI. And it is further enacted and declared, That if any Debtor shall die during the Subsistence flull diedunng Gf the Scqu stration of his personal Estate, the Proceedings under this Act, norwith(landing thereof, q^stration °Pro^’shall be carried on, and followed out, to their Conclusion; and the Factor shall he intitled to fuc for, cccdi 1 gs to be "and to recover the D ubtor’s Estate, in the same Manner he would have been intitled to do, if ihe.Dwbtor

earned on. had COftfiri’J.d in Life.

No Fes to be paid

XXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee shall be paid by any Creditor for an Oath of to the Clerks of Court, or any Person whatever, for an Oath of Verity or Credulity as to the Debt Verity, kc if ih« claimed being due, or for Production of the Interrft or Grounds of Debt of any Creditor, urdcls the exceefTo|DOt claimed exceeds the Sum of Ten Pounds lawful Money of Great B*it> in.

*tf App-il <ha!l

XXVIII. And it is also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Appeal shall he taken against-betaken > ainst any Order or I/.rerloeutor »-f the Court of Session, or against any Act o; Older of the Lord Or.imary *n inieiiocut«>rf upon the Bills in runes of Vacance, it shall Ix lawful and competent 10 the said Court, in Time oY

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 72; 63.5

Session, and Lord Ordinary on the Bills, in Time of Vacartce, notwithstanding such Appeal, to make the Court t» such Orders, and direct such Proceedings, as shall a’ppear to be expedient for preventing the Estate of necesfuy

the Debtor from being embezzled, secreted, or dilapidated, while the Appeal is pendant "

Order*

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Creditor who has used the Di- Creditors who igence of Homing and Caption against his or ner Debtor, shall be prevented from imprisoning Ids or ^avc^ccd her Debtor, by the Debtor’s having obtained a personal Protection from the Court of Session, or the led uy the Court*

Lord Ordinary on the Bills, in pursuance of this Act; the Messenger employed to apprehend the Debtor, of Session from returning, in his Execution, that he has been prevented from imprisoning the Debtor, by the Debtor’s imprisoning their having obtained such personal Protection, shall, in all Anions and Questions that may arise upon the Construction and Effect of the Act of Parliament of Scotland\ passed in One thousand six hundred and deemed equal to ninety-six, intituled, An Act for declaring nottour Bankrupts, be held and deemed equal to Imprisonment. imprisonment.

XXX. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if Two-thirds in Majority of Cre-Value of the Creditors present, by themselves, or others impowered to act for them, at the Meeting ad- dror« may chuse vertised for chusing a Second Factor, and having proved their Debts in Manner before directed, shall aTrustee, in judge it to be more for the Interest of the Creditors to manage the Bankrupt’s personal Estate by the pi*o(aFa&ot. Assistance of Trustees, than to continue it under the Management of a Factor appointed by the Court of Session, it shall be lawful for them to chuse a Trustee or Trustees, for that Purpose, at that Meeting; or for Two thirds of the Creditors in Value, at any subsequent Meeting called for that Put-pose by Advertisement, in Manner herein after mentioned, published Thirty Days at least prior to the Day of Meeting, to chuse such Trustee or Trustees, and upon the Minutes of the Creditors making Choice of such Trustee or Trustees being produced to the Court, With an Acceptance on the Pair of the Trustee or Trustees named, the Court shall, and they are hereby required to make an Act or Order, declaring the personal Estate of the Bankrupt within Scotland to be vested in the Trustee or Trustees elected for the Benefit of the whole Creditors, and directing the Factor to convey to the Trustee or Trustees-all the personal Estate of the Bankrupt out of Scotland, which has been conveyed to him by the Bankrupt, so far as had not been recovered; and to d liver to the said Trustee or Trustees, or to any Faftot to be appointed by them, in Manner hereafter directed, every Part of the Bankrupt’s personal Estate, and all Writings concerning the same, and to pay the Balance that shall appear to be due upon his Accounts, he receiving such Sum for the Trouble lie has been at as the Court shall direct; and from thenceforth the Sequestrat.on shall cense, and the Management of the Bankrupt’s personal Estate shall be committed to the Trustee or Trustees.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustee or Trustees may Trusteet m*y either Ad in the Management of the Bankrupt’s Estate, or may appoints Fador, for whom they shall ckttfe4 F«£tor# be answerabic, to act for them, and may give such a reasonable Reward to such Fador for his Trouble,

not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling per Centum, of the Money recovered by him, or such other Allowance ?s may be specified in; the Minutes of the Creditors wherein the Trustee or Trustees are elected.

XXXII. And be ic likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Two thirds of the Creditors in Majority of Cre» Value may, at any Meeting, remove the Trustee or Trustees, and appoint another or others in their d,t°re*

Piece; and the former Trustee or Trustees, after receiving a Copy of the Minutes appointing the new oppoiiato-Trustee or Trustees, and of the Acceptance of the new Trustee or Trustees, subscribed by the Prefest^cn. of the Meeting, shall be bound to account to the new Trustee or Trustees for their or his Management, and to deliver to such new Trustee or Trustees, or to the Fador to be appointed by them, and for whom they shall be answerable, all Effects which belonged to the Bankrupt in their Custody, and all Papers concerning the same, with a Convey mce to the new Trustee or Trustees of such Parts of the Bankrupt’s Estate as have not been recovered; and upon the Death of any Trustee or Trustees, Two-thirds of the Creditors in Value, may* at any Meeting, appoint another or others in his or their Place.

XXXIII. Provided always, That the Meeting where such Removal and Appointment of Trustees Meeting for such are made shall be cailed by One or more Creditors, by Advertisement as is herein after mentioned; ca^vba A^r. which Advertisement shall be repeated twice at the least, Fofty Days before the Day of Meeting, and tiiement. " contain an Intimation of the Purpose for which the Meeting is called,

and appointed, and shall be bound to account to the Creditors for the legal Interest of all Money recovered from the Bankrupts, that shall appear to be in their Hands* or in the Hands of their Fador, at any Time, exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds lawful Money of Great Britain, except in f> far as this Rule may be relaxed by the Creditors in their Minutes, irr which the Trustee or Trustees are elected and appointed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purpose of carrying this Act more effectually into Cour* to appoint Execution, the Court of Session shall be, and hereby is, authorised and required, to appoint, from ^nc ird‘n* Time to Time, One publick Papper, printed at Edinburgh, wherein may and shall be infeited all such ass,r*ich Advert Advertisements as are herein before directed to be published. f tisement*.;

[After Mav re.

XXXVI. And whereas it would be advantageous to Trade in that Part of Great Britain cailed Scotland, that Promissory Notes were allowed the like summary Execution and other Privileges whh Bills ;*> 1772, Promissory be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Fifteenth Day of A/ay, to b- ar ln-One thousand seven hundred od seventy-two, the same Diligence Execution shall be competent, tcrea and shall proceed upon Promiftbry Nous,- whether holograph or nor, as is provided to pass upon Bibs

636 C. 73. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

of Exchange, and Inland Bills, by the Law of Scotland, and that Promissory Notes shall bear Interest as Bills, and shall pass by lndorfatien 5 and that Indoifees of Promissory Notes shall have the same Priv:l *es as Indorsee* of Bills in all Points.

XXXVII. And whereas the not limiting Bills and Promissory Notes to a moderate Endurance in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland his.been found by Experience to be attended with great In- conveniences; so^ Remedy whereof,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bill of Ex-to*b*efrrrtuIl*to c^n2e» or Inland Bill, or Promissory Note, executed after the Fifteenth Day of AIay% One thousand Produce Dil - seven hundred an J seventy-t o, shal) be of Fofce, or effectual to produce any Diligence or Action in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, unless such Diligence shall be r.iifed and executed, or AiTion commenced thereon, within the Space of Six Years from and after the Terms at which the Sums in the Lid Bills or Notes became exigcble.

tion of Six Years. '

Bils of Exchaoge,

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Bill of Exchange, or inland Bill, or Promissory Note, &c. granted be whichjia* b< en or shall be granted before the said Fifeenth Day of May, One thousand seven hjn’rcd tore May 15, and ft-venty-t wo, shall be of Force, or effectual to produce any Diligence or Action, unless such Dili-*c^o\h-CaboVc ^’ncc heen or shall be raised, or Action has or shall he commenced thereon before the Expiration Limitation.* °VC of Six Years, from and after the said Fifteenth Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-

No BilWE*.

change, or Promissory-Nom, emuted afar

genre, unlefj such Diligence shall be uf(d be-fc rc the Expira

two.

Bank Bill? not crmprehtn<’cd

XXXIX. Provided always, That no Notes, commonly called Bank Notes or Post Bills issued or to be issued by any Bank or Banking Company, and which contain an Obligation of Payment to the Bearer, l^dC*ut!oaabOVC anc^ are Cll'cu!ated as Money, shall be comprehended under the aforesaid Limitation or Prescription; irmutioa. and that it shall and may be lawful and competent, at any Time after the Expiration of the said Six Years, in either of the Cases before mentioned, to prove the Debts contained in the said Bills, and Year of Mi no- Promissory Notes, and that the same are resting and owing by the Oaths or Writs of the Debtor. r:ty*not to be

XL. And it is hereby emdled and declared, That the Years of the Minority of the Creditors, in such computed. No*cs or Bills, shall not be computed in the said Six Years.

Promissory Notes

XLI. And it is further enacted and declared, That all Inland Bills and Promissory N«tes shall be pro-and inland B;Jis tested in like Manner as foreign Bills before the Expiration of the Three Days of Grace, otherwise to b-prorested as there shall be no Recourse against the Drawers or Indorsers of such Inland Bills, or against the Indor-foreign Bill*. fers Gf fuC^ promi(Tory Notes; and it shall be sufficient to preserve the said Recourse, if Notice is given of the Di(honour within Fourteen Days after the Protest is taken, without Prejudice to the Notification of the Dishonour of Foreign Bills, to be made within such Time as is required by the Usage and Custom of Merchants.

Afar May 15,

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Fifteenth 1772, summary Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, summary Execution, by Horning, or other Execution, by Djljgfn:e, shall pass upon Bills, whether Foreign or Inland, and whether accepted or protesttd for Non-acceptance, and upon all Promissory Notes duly negociated, not only against the Accepters of such Bills, or Grantors of such Notes, hut also against the Drawers of such Bills, and the whole Indorsers of the said Bills and No.es jointly and severally, excepting where the Indorsation is qualified to be without Recourse, saving and reserving to the Drawers or Indorsers their respective Claims of Recourse against each other, and all Defences against the same, according to L w. femm r

XLIII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Fifteenth Day ixecutionTyfy A/lay, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, summary Execution by Horning, or other Di-li*rning, niLl be ligence, shall be competent to the Indorsee of a Bill, although the Protest is not in the Name of the In-cempe'entto the dorfee craving the Diligence; and although the Bill is not re-conveyed to him by Indorsation, if he produces a Receipt for the Value by Act of Honour, or a miffxve.Letter from the protesting Indorsee, mentioning the Dishonour agreeable to the Praflice of Merchants in returned Bills.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That that present A'£l shall continue, and be in Force for seven Years, from the said Fifteenth Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and seventy two, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

Horning, shall paf? upon Bills, &c.

Afar Maf 15,

Indore.

The A *\ ro con tim»* fer 7 Yew*.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary lebone and Paddington, Saint \ Faster as, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better preventing of Mischiefs by Fire within the said Cities, Liberties, Parishes, Precincts, and Places, and for amending and reducing the Laws relating thereto into One Act j and for other Purposes.

WHEREAS the several Acts of Parliament now in Force for regulating Buildings, and Party

Walls, and for preventing Mischiefs happening by Fire, for providing Fire-engines, and obtaining a sufficient Supply of Water at Fiits. and for paying Rewards to Persons assistingat Fires with- in the Cities of Londo. and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precinifts, and Places within the Weekly Bill* of Mortality, the several Parishes of Saint Mary le-lone and Paddington

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. (X 73. 637

Saint Pantras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea^ in the County of Middlesex, and the Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions, made and specified in and by the said several Acts, have, in many Re-

spects, been found inefficient to answer the good Purposes intended thereby: And whereas it will tend to the Safety, of the Inhabitants, and prevent great Inconveniencies to Builders and Workmen employed in Buildings within the Cities and Liberties, Parishes Precincts, and Places, if some df

the said Acts were repealed, and the good and wholesome Laws and Provisions therein contained were re-enacted and reduced into One Act, with certain further Regulations, Amendments, and Provisions respecting such Buildings,‘and for the preventing Mischiefs by Fire as aforesaid; may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, in all Buildings to be built within the said Cities,

Liberties, Paddies, Precincts, and Places, and every of them, the Rules, Directions, and Restrictions hi the herein after prescribed shall be duly observed by all Persons therein concerned; and that no House or Breaion of all other Building shall be erected within the Limits aforesaid, bux such a6 shall be pursuant to such Rules' ‘futureBuildin&i. and Orders of Buildings as are herein after particularly appointed, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding; (that is to say). That all Fronts and Rear Walls of every House or Tenement, for Habitation, to be built as aforesaid, within the Limits aforesaid, shall be built of Brick or

Stone, or of Brick and Stone together, (except found Square Bond Timbers, Door cases, and Window Frames, Shutters, Story Pods, and Breast-summer Fronts to the Ground Floor Story, and Cornices to the Bread dimmer Fronts); and that all the From Walls of every such House of Tenement for Habitation shall be carried up to the full Height of Eighteen Inches above the Gutter, and coped with Stone, Tile, or Brick, and not other wise; and that from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, every House or Tenement for Habitation, which shall befo erected and built, shall have Parry Walls between House and House, or other Buildings, wholly of Brick or Stone, or of Brick and Stone together, (all necessary found Square Bond Timbers only excepted); and that such Party Walls between House and House, shall be built. One Half thereof on the Soil or Scite of each of the said Houses; and that every Party Wall, or Flank, or Side Wall of every such House or Building, the Expence of building and nnishing of which House shall exceed the Sum of One hundred and twenty Pounds, shall be of the Thickness of Two Bricks and One Half in Length-, or One Foot and Nine Inches at the lead in the Cellar or lowed Story, and of Two Bricks in Length, or One Foot F ive Inches, and One Half of an Inch, from thence upwards to the Garret Floor, and from the Garret Floor upwards One Brick and an Half in Length, or Thirteen Inches; and shall be carried up of such last mentioned Thickness to the full Height of Eighteen Inches above the Roof of Gutters adjoining thereto; and to every House or Tenement for Habitation, the Expence of building and finishing of which House shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred and twenty Pounds, every Party Wall, and every Flank or Side Wall, shall be of the Thickness of One Brick and an Half in Length,

or Thirteen Inches in the Cellar, or lowed Story, and from thence upwards, shall be carritd up of the Thickness of One Brick in Length, or Nine Inches, to the full Height of Eighteen Inches above »the Roof or Gutters adjoining thereto; and that all and every the Bricks which shall be used in every such Party Walls shall be good, found, hard, and well-burnt Bricks, and none other.; and that no Timbers (except the Girders, Binding, and Trimming Joids, and the Templets under the same, and all such necessary Bond Timbers as aforesaid) shall be laid into any such Party Wall, or Flank, or Side Wall as aforesaid; and that no Timbers of the Roof shall be laid into any such Party Wall, or Flank, or Side Wall, (except the Purloins or Kirbs thereof, and Gutter Plates), and that no Girder, Binding, or Trimmine Joids, shall lie more than Nine Inches within such Party Wall, Flank or Skid Wall, and that no Girder, Binding, or Trimming Joids, in Houses or Buildings adjoining to each other, shall meet or be laid opposite to each other, and that the Sides thereof shall be at lead Nine Inches didanc from each other; and that there shall be Five Inches at the lead of solid Brick-work left at or between the Ends of all Lentils, Wall Plates, and Bond Timbers, to be hereafter used in any such Buildings as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bow Window or No bow Win-other Projection shall be built, made, set up, or affixed in, to, against, or before any House or other dowitohe majrj Building, situate in any publick Street, Lane, or Place, fronting any such Street, Lane, or Place, (ex- *ce^tlon tvr cept for the Convenience of a Shop or Shops only; and where any such Window, or other Projection,

shall be so made, set up, or fixed for the Convenience of a Shop or Shops, the same shall not project or extend forwards more thari Five Inches from the Upright of the House or Building to the Front- of the Stall-board, in any Street, Lane, or Place, which shall not be Thirty-two Feet wide, nor more than Ten Inches from such Upright to the Front of the Stall-board, in any Street, Lane, or Place, being more than Thirty-two Feet wide; and that no such Projection, in any Case shall be carried higher than the Ground Story* or Story next above the Level of the Street, Lane, or Place of the House or other Building, in, to, against, or before which the same shall be made or placed; nor shall any Roof over any Projection by this Act allowed to be made or set up, be higher than the Sill of the One Pair of Stair*

Window of such last mentioned House or Building; and that no Timber Building, Projection, or Erection whatsoever, (otherwise than as aforesaid), shall bz built or erected in tnc Front or Rear, or oiv the Top of any House or Building; any Custom or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to Prorift* interfere with, or make void any of the Powers heretofore given by any Act of Parliament to the Commissioners of Sewers, Lamps and Pavements, for the City of London, and the Liberties thereof.

638. C. 73. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772'.

Gttewayi, &c. 4

IV. And whereas in the building of Houses or other Buildings near or adjoining to the River

to b«left for Thamej, it may be proper and convenient toereftor leave Archways, or other Gateways, for Carts 6 anc* Carnages tp pass under the said Houses, or some Part or Parts of fpme of them, to Wharfs near or adjoining to the said River, and to place or fix Breast-summers into the Walls of such Part or Parts of such Hcnifes, so extending over or.across such Archways or Gateways ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maty be lawful to and for the Builder of the Party Wall or Party Walls of any House or Houses, or other Buildings, near or adjoining to the said Riverl Within the Limits aforesaid, to make or leave Archways or Gateways for Carriages to pals-to the said Wharfs, in such Part of the Ground and Cellar Floors, or either of them, of any such House or Houses, or other Buildings, and to place and fix a proper Breast-summer or Breast-summers, -over any such Arched-way or Gate-way; an Thing herein contained, or any Law, Statute, or Ufuge to the Contrary notwithstanding.

WriUacTofr V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Wall and Wall's to be erected or set Gateway* to up upon any Breast-summer, over any such Arched-way or Gate-way, shall not be less than One ^kk!wdH\lf^r*c^anc^ an Half, or Thirteen Inches thick j any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwith-tkick. 4 landing.

in what Cases

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and 2d Builder may for any Person or Persons, who shall build against any such Party Wall or Party Walls, Flank or Side Uie Parlor Ena Wall or Walls* and shall have paid the full and due Proportion of the Charges of building such Wall or Walls, according to the Directions herein after set forth, to cut into such Wall or Walls, and to lay into the same, according to the Directions and Regulations herein prescribed, Girders, Binding Joists, and Templets, under the same, according to the said Directions and Regulations, at such Dif-tances, and ih such Manner, as the First Builder might do, and not otherwise; and also to make Indents of not more than Four Inches, for inserting of Partition Walls and Jambs of Chimnies therein; and also to make an Indent into the End of any adjoining Front Wall, not more or deeper than Four Inches, for the Purpose of joining the Walls between House and House $ and to cut into any such* Wall or Walls, where there is no Funnel, the Depth of Five Inches, and not more or deeper, for the Purpose only of laying Stone Steps into the same Wall or Walls; and of the Depth of Four Inches, and not more or deeper, for laying Timbers for Stairs or Steps of Wood; but shall not cut into, or wound any such Wall or Walls, in any other Part or Parts thereof, or in any other Manner, a* for any other Purpose whatsoever $ and that no Cornice or Projection of Wood, in or upon any other Wall of any House or other Building, already built, or hereafter to be built, in any Street, Lane, or Place, within the Limits aforesaid, shall be made or suffered* except to Frontispieces of Doors, and such Shop Windows as are hereby authorised to be made.

RegulatioiJ*for

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Personsr placing chimney being possessed of and intitled unto any Ground adjoining to any FJank or Side Wall of a House or PartywJi*.* Building for Habitation, about to be built, or building on any new Foundation or Foundations according to the Directions of this Act, shall be desirous of building any House or Tenement for Habitation oOf the Ground so adjoining, and of having Chimney Jambs, Breads, and Flues of Chimnies, for such his, her, or their intended House or Building, erected and set into any such Flank or Side Wall; or being possessed of any House or other Building, adjoining to any House or Tenement for Habitation, hereafter to be built on any old Foundation or Foundations, within the Limits of this Act, shall be desirous of having Chimney Jambs, Breads, and Flues of Chimnies, for such adjoining House or Tenement, erected and set into any Party Wall or Walls hereafter to be erected according to the Directions of this Act, and of such Delire shall and do give Notice in Writing to the Builder or Builders thereof, or any One of them, at any Time before any such Flank or Side Wall or Party Wall shall be begun to be built; then, and in that Case, such Builder or Builders shall, and is and are hereby directed and required, from and after such Notice so given, to erect in a proper, substantial, and workmanlike Manner, such and so many Chimney Jambs, Breads, and Flues of Chimnies, in all such Part* of every such Flank, or Side Wall, or Party Wall, unbuilt at the Time of such Notice, as shall bq by the Person or Persons giving ftfch Notice required and directed, not interfering with, or injurious to the Jamba and Flues of the Chimnies to be built to the adjoining House or Tenement, nor being in any Respect contrary to the Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Reductions in and by this Act prescribed and directed: And from and after the erecting and setting up such Jambs, Breasts, and Flues of Chimnies so required to be built, the Person or Persons giving any such Notice as aforesaid, his* her, or their Executors and Administrators, shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be deemed and taken to have made qle of every such FJank, or Side Wall, or Party Wall, and shall be from thenceforth liable to pay the whole Expence of erecting and fettingupaU and every such Jambs, Breasts, and Flues of Chimnies, erected and built in pursuance of such Notice, and also One full Moiety of the Expence of the Whole of every Wall or Walls in which such Jambs, Breasts, and Flues shall be so erected; to be computed and ascertained as herein after directed, and to be recoverable and recovered, with Full or Common Costs of Suit, in the same or like Manner as any other Proportion of any Party Wall or other Wall is herein and hereby made recoverable.

Thicfcnest of

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Jamb^and Backs of Chimnies*. Chianey ^jcb, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, shall be erected or built within the Limits aforesaid, shall be at least One Brick and an Half, or Thirteen Inches thick, in the Cellar or lowest Story of the Buildings wherein the same shall be erected* and from thence to the upper Story of such Building, One Brick or Nine Inches thick > and that all

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 73, 639

Hearths to be arched w.th B iclc.

Between the

any

Widths, in the Inside of such Chimnies, shall be the Breadth of a Brick or Four Inches thick; and that Funneli to be all the Funnels of such Chimnies shall be plaistered or pargctted on the Inside on all Parts thereof from within the Bottom to the Top, and shall also be plaistered or pargetted without Side to the Cieling of the Up- ^without1.

per Story; and that the Flues of every Chimney on the Outside of every such Party Wall as aforesaid, next to any vacant Ground, shall be Lime-whited, from the Bottom to the Roof of the House or Building; and rhat every Chimney, fj to be built as aforesaid, shall be turned or arched under the He:rt:'» thereof with Brick, except on the lowest Story of the Building wherein the same shall be erected; and that no Timber shall lie or be placed nearer than Five Inches to any Chimney Funnel or Fire Place; and rhat every Mantle between the Jambs of Chimnies shall be arched over wich Brick, or set upon an Iron Bar or Iron Bars; and that no Wood or Wainscot whatever shall be placed or affixed to Wllb

Front of any such Jamb or Mantle nearer than Five Inches from tho Inside of such Jamb or Mantle; Brick, or let and that no Stove, Boiler, Copper, or Oven, shall, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day " f on I,cn*

Juvey One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, he set up, fixed, or hung within the Limits aforesaid, otherwise than with Iron, Brick, or Stone; nor shall the Flue of any such Stove, Boiler, Copper, copperst or Oven, be placed nearer than Nine Inches to any'l imber or Wood, for or on any Pretence be ict. whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty- j*9 Brraft-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall not be lawful to make or have in any Flank or Side Wall of any House or Building against or adjoining to which any other House or Building is to be, or may be eretted, or in any Pafrty Wall of any House or Building for Habitation party Wall, within the Limits aforesaid (excent as herein-before expressed and directed) any Door-case, Window-lentil, Brenft-summer, Story Post, or Plate whatsoever, unless where two or more Houses or other Buildings shall be laid together, and being so laid togther shall be used and occupied as one House or

Building.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Front or Rear Wall of any Direction* re-House or other Building for Habitation, which, from and after the said Twenty-four h Day of June. filing Front v One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, shall be eretted or built within the Limit* aforesaid, shall*"^ v ports* be built, made, or carried up, otherwise than with Brick ot Stone, or Brick and Stone together, (ex- Br^Lfummert, cept as herein excepted); or if any such Front Wall shall not be built and carried up from the Founda- Party W-uis, # tion of such House or other Building to the full Height herein directed and required; or if any such Girders, J.irts,

Wall shall not be coped with Stone, Tile, or Brick; or if any such House or other Building which Ch/armes, Bovr shall be eretted shall not have such Party Wall and YValls, Flank, 01 Side Walls, wholly of Brick or tobi observtl*

Stone, or of Brick and Stone together, as herein before directed and required, (except as herein except- by all Builders* ed); or if any such Party Wall, Flank, or Side Wall, shall be in any Part thereof of a lester Thickness&c,

than is herein-before prescribed, or shall not be carried up to the full Height herein directed and re* quired; or if any Bricks, other than good, found, hard, will-burnt Bricks, shall be laid, put in- '

to, or used in any such Party Wall, Flank, or Side Wall; or if any Timber, other than Girders, Bind- ing, and Trimming Joists, and Templets under them, and other than necessary found square Bond Tim-bers; or if any Timber of the Roof (except the Purloins and Kirbs thereof, and Gutter Plates) shall be laid into any Party Wall, Flank, or Side Wall, as aforesaid; or if any Girder, or Binding, or Trimming Joist, shall be laid into any Party Wall, more than Nine Inches; or if the Ends of any Girders,

Binding, or Trimming Joists, in any adjoining Houses or other Buildings, shall meet or be laid opposite to each other; or if the Sides of any Girders, or Binding, or Trimming Joists, in any adjoining House, or other Building, shall not be of the Vull Distance herein directed from each other; or if there shall not be Five Inches in Breadth, at the least, of solid Brick-work left between the Ends of all and every Lentils, Wall Plates, or Bond Timbers; or if any Bow Window, or other Projection, shall be built, made, set up, or affixed to, against, or before any House or other Building fronting to any Street, -v

Lane, or Place, except for the Convenience of a Shop or Shops only; or if any Bow Window, ozy" other Projection, for the Convenience of a Shop or Shops shall project or extend forward more than^2 Five Inches from the Upright of the House or Building to the Front of the Stall-board irr any Street, §. J >

Lane, or Place, not being Thirty-two Feet wide, or more than Ten Inches from such Upright to tho

Front of the Stall-board in any Street, Tane, or Place, which shall be more than Thirty-two Feet wide, or shall be higher than the Top of the Ground Story, or Story next above the Level of the Street, Lane, or Place of the House or other Building, to, or against, or before, which the same shall be made or placed; or if any Roof over any Projection by this ACI allowed to be made or set up shall be higher than the Sill of the One Pair of Stairs Window of such last mentioned* House or Building; or if any Timber Building, Erection, or Projection whatever, other thah; y this Act allowed, shall be built or erected in the Front or Rear, or on the Top of any Houftr o; Building; or if any Person or Persons who shall build against any Party Wall, or End or 'Side Wall, shall make any Indent of more than Foqr Inches for inferring any Partition Wall and Tamb'i of Chimnies therein, or shall make in any adjoining Front Wall an Indent more or deeper than* Four Inches, for the better adjoining of the Front Walls between House and House, or shall cut into* any other Part of any such Wall to any greater Depth than Five Inches for the laying of Stone Steps into the same, or more than Four Inches for laying of Stairs or Steps of Wood; or if any Cornice* or Projection of Wood, except to Shops having Breast-summer Fronts, and to Frontispieces of Doors, and such Bow Windows as are hereby authorised to be made. Cull be put or suffered in any front or Rear Wa5l of any House or other Building already built, or hereafter to be built, within the Limits aforesaid, or other Wail fronting to any Street, Lane, or Place; or if the Jamb or Back of any' Chimney to be built within the Limits aforesaid shall not be at least One Brick and an Half or Thirst teem

52- J&s/

64.0 C. 73.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

teen Inches thick in the Cellar or lowed Story, ami Brick or Nine Inches to the upper Story; or if any Width within the Inside of any Chimney shall be 1 Ts than Four Inches thick; or if any Funnel in any such Chimney shall not be plaistered or pa jetted within and without, as herein before directed; or if on the Flue of every Chimney, on the Outlidc of every Party Walt next to any vacant Ground, shall not be Lime-whited from the Bottom to the Roof of the House or Building; or if any Chimney

hereafter to be built within the Limits aforesaid shall not be turned or arched under the Hearth with

Brick, except in the lowed Story; or if any Timber shall lie or be placed nearer than Five Inches to any Chimney, Funnel, or Fire-place; or if any Mantle between the Jambs of the Chimney shall not be arched over with Brie k, or fee upon an Iron Bar or Iron Bars; or if any Wood or Wainscot shall be placed or affixed to the Front of the Jamb or Mantle nearer than Five Inches from the Inside of such Jamb or Mantle; or if any Stove, Boiler, Copper, or Oven, shall be set up, placed, or hung otherwise than herein-before directed; or if, for or on any Account or Pretence whatever, any PartyWall, or End or Side Wall whatever, shall be cut into or wounded, (except as is herein excepted); or if any Door Case, Window, Window Frame, Lentil, Bread-summer, Story Pod, Plate, or Timber, (all necessary Bond Timber as aforesaid excepted) shall be fixed, set up, or put into any Party Wall, or End or Side Wall, except whe-e Two or more Houses or other Buildings shall be laid together, and used and occupied as unttcrtlie-Pcual-One House or Building; then, and in every or any such Case, the Matter or Head Huildor, Matte*

:y oi 50l. Bricklayer, or Mader Workman, or other Person, causing such Building to be creded and built, shall for every Offence or Default as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Precind, or Place wherein the Offence was committed, fi r the Use of such Poor only, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons suing for the same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no EiToin, Protcdion, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed,

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the Parish, Precind, or Place where any O Fence against this Act shall be committed, (except Persons receiving Alms) shall be admitted and allowed to be competent Witnesses in the Trial, or otherwise, in any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the said Courts of Record, or at or upon the Hearing and Determination of any Information before the Mayor of Lonion, or other Justice of the Peace, for or concerning any Offence or Offences against this present Act, notwithstanding his, her, or their being a Parishioner or Parishioners, Inhabitant or Inhabitants, in such Parish, Precind, or Place.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mader or Head Builder, Mader

Bricklayer, or Mader Workman, or other Person causing such Building to be creded, against whom

make good irre- any of the Forfeitures or Penalties aforesaid shall be recovered, shall, and is hereby r qnired, within the Pain^ofaVurther of Nine Months next after the Recovery thereof, to make good all such Deteds and Irrcgu-

Pooalty of 5<yj. larities, for which every such Forfeiture and Penalty was recovered, and render the Building of such House and Houses, or other Building or Buildings, conformable to the Directions of this present Act: And in case all or any of the Defids and Irregularities for which such Forfeiture or Forfeitures, Penalty or Penalties, was or were recovered shall not be made good, and the Building of the said House or Houses, or other Buildings, shall not be rendereJ comform ible to the Directions of this present Act, within the said Nine Months -x then every Person or Persons against whom such Recovery shall have been, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; to be recovered and applied in the same or like Manner as the before-mentioned Forfeitures and Penalties as herein-before directed to be recovered and applied, and so toties quoties, for every Nine Months that such Defects and Irregularities shall continue; and that such House or Houses, or otiier Buildings, shall remain built otherwise than conformable to the Directions of this present Act. workmen do'ng

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Workmen or Servants to any Thing c#n- any Matter or Head Builder, Matter Bricklayer, or Matter Workman, or other Person or Persons 2*7 fi§ cau^n5 such Buildings to be erected, shall wilfully, carelessly, or negligently, and without the Direc-a or at 10. tion^ privity, or Consent of such Matter or Head Bricklayer, or Matter Workman, do any Thing in or about such Buildings, contrary to the Directions of this Act, every such Workman or Servant so offending, shall, for every Offence, upon Conviction thereof, before the Mayor of London, or other

Justice of the Peace for the said City of London, or before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace or the said County of Middusex or County of Surrey^ or the City and Liberty of Westminster, or the Liberty of His Majesty's Tovjsr of London, (as the Case shall be) upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath the said Mayor and every such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer), or upon his own Confession, shall forfeit the bum of Ten Pounds; One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Precind, or Place wherein the Offence was committed, for the Use of the Poor only, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer; and if any such Forfeiture of Ten Pounds shall not be paid upon and immediately after such Conviction, then the Offender shall, by Warrant, under the ti md and Seal of such Mayor or other Justice, (except as herein after is excepted), be committed to the House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, fir any Time not exceeding Three Months, nor less than One Meath, unless the said Penalty shall be sooner paid,

TVifliioncrt, Sec, where the Offence it committed, to be Witnessei.

F hider, after Conviction, to

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 641

XIV. And whereasvfev^raj Houses and other Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, Are in Part Ownert intend- erected and built over the Ground and Soil of another, or other Proprietor or Proprietors, or the ins to rebuild several Rooms or Floors of such Houses lie intermixed over or under each other, so that a Party Wall bu^Jre*re*

between such Houfips cannot be built upon the old'Foundations perpendicular through all the Stories* venteAv^hlT*

without pulling down' such Houses, and lay jJpg Parts of each.to the other, or others, of such Houses, in>remifes'b«Mn*

all which Cases Difficulties have arisen, or rn^y arise, amongst the Paid several Owners or Proprietors, in-ermixed with and the rebuilding the Laid Premises, and the said Party Walls thereof, may be thereby prevented or th* Property of delayed, to the great Injury or Inconvenience of such of the Owners as are desirous of rebuilding; '*r t)TrabU.t

For Remedy whereof, ami in order to prevent the'fatal Effects of Fire,* be it enacted by the Autho- or unwilling to’ rity aforesaid, That in all and every, or any of such cases, when any Owner or Proprietor of any fucU join, may apply House 6r other Building within the Limits aforesaid, intermixed as aforesaid, shall be desirous of rc- to the May»r,nr building his/her, or theirs said House or other Butldingj, and the Owner or Owners of such House or l.he Just, ceslC other Building, which did"or fha! 1 thereto adjoin, shall not be able or willing to join, or by Reason of any legd Disability cannot'join in such Rebuilding, then if the Party or Parties so desirous of re- building h;s, her, or their House or Houses, or other Buildings, shall give Notice in Writing, to the Owner or O whers of such House or Houses.,'or other Buildings, which did or shall thereto adjoin, that he, she, or they, so intending to rebuild, will apply to the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London* to be holden in the Outer Chamber of the Guildhall of the said City, according to thq Custom of the said City,' when the Premises, or any Part thereof, shall be situate within, the said City, or the Liberties thereof; to the Justices of the^eace for the County of Middlesex^ in their Gcr neral or Quarter Sessions of the Peace f6r the said County of Middlesex, when the Premises, or ar^y 'Part thereof, shall be situate in the said County of Middlesex or to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey^ in their General Quarter Sessions ofj the Peape'for the said County of Surrey, when the Premises, or anV'Part thereof, shall be situate in the said County of Surrey; or to the Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty of lVeJhnhifL’ry in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said City and Liberty, when the Premises, or any Part thereof, shall be situate in the said City or Liberty; or to the Justices of the Peace for the said Liberty of the Tower of London, in their General "Quarter Sessions of therPeaee.f6|* the said Liberty, when the or any Part thereof, shall he

Situate in the said Liberty, Which shall be. next' holden after FoVteoq Days from the Delivery ef fucR "Notice, in order id pb'taih the judgment arid"l5etermin.a,t?on of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen* or of the fviid Court of Sessions, (as the Case shall beL touching the rebuilding the House or Houses, pr other Buildings, or Party Walls* to be defcnb<?a jnYuch Notice* and for ascertaining the Scite of a perpendicular Party Wall or Party Walls, to be built according to the Diressions and Restrictions in this contained and defenhed, by delivering a true Co>py of such Notice to the Owner or Owners of such House or Houses, or other Buildings, which did^ or shall acljoih, or by leaving the same at his, her. or their lift or ullial'Placq of Abode, or' by delivering a true Copy of such Notice to the Tenant in rof-session of such House p,r Houses, qr ,<V.her .‘Buildings, which did or shall To adjoin, or by fixing such Copy to or upon the Door, or other notorious Pact of such last mentioned House or other Building; then, and in every such Case, if filall and may be lawful* to and for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen; and to and for the JpRices'of the Peace for the Lift County of Middlesex* in their General or Qinrxer Sessions of the Peace for the* Lid County of Middlesex* and to and for the said Justices of the Peace in their General Q^urter Sessions of the Peace respectively, (as the Case shall be), and they are h:rfcby respectively authorised and required, upon Application to* them by the Party or Parties so desirous to rebuild, and upon such Proof of such Notice-as they /lull deem reasonablfe, to issue their Warrant or Warrants, precept J^cccpts, ^to the Sheriffs of London* or to the Sheriff of the said County sheriff* to suns o \ Middlesex'* pr Sheriff of the said Cqurity of Surrey* or Socriff or Bailiff of the Liberty of His Ma- mon Juriei for jetty's Tower of London* (as the Cdfy shall be),'requiring them or him respectively, to impanel and re- the Purposes of turn a competent Number of Tuhftantial and disinterested Persons, qualified to lerva on Juries within ^ernwning the respective 'Districts for which they are summoned, not less than Twenty-four, nor more than ^..huobc Thirty-six; and out of such Persons lo to be impanelled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of Twelve rebuilt, &c.

Pc rib ns shall be drawn by some Person or Persons to be by the said Court or Session appointed, in such

Manner as Juries are directed to be drawn for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts of

Record at Westminster* by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, Ai Add for the better Regulation of Juries)'* which Persons so to be impa-

nelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby fequireJ to come and appear before th said ^3 C€0,

Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or before the said Courts of Sessions for the said County of Middlesex,

or County of Surrey* or City and Liberty of fhn\rfers or the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of

London, (as the Case shall be), at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directvJ and appointed, and there to attend, from Day to Day, until difehirged by the Court; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges a<?ainst any of the said Jury, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the( Array; and the said Court of Mayor and Alder- Wi'tndTcs nuy

be cited.

men, and any of the said.C rnrts of the said County of Middlesex or Surrey, City and Liberty of Westminster, or Liberty of the Tower of London, is and are hereby authorised and impowerei, by Precept or Precepts, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them respectively all and every,

Person and Ptirfohs who shall be thought proper or nec.lury to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses 1

before them; On their OAth or Oaths, concerning the Premises; and either of the said Courts, if they shall think, fit, shall and may likewise authorise the ibid jury to view the Place or Places in question, in such Manner as they shall direct j and shall have Power to command such Jury, and all such Witnesses

64* C. 73.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

and Parties as shall be necessary or proper, to attend until all such Affairs for which they are summoned shall be concluded; and the fail Jury upon their Oaths, (which Oaths, ai a!so the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence to any or either of the said Courts, the said Courts are hereby respectively impowered and required to administer), shall inquire and try, and determine by their Verdict, whether, the Premises in every or any of the C ifcs aforesaid ought to, be rebuilt or not; and if the same ought to be.rebuilt, to award and determine the Scite of a perpendicular Party Wall or Party Walls of such House or Houses, or other Buildings, so intended to be rebuilt, as near to the old Foundation as may be, and to ascertain the Quantity of the Soil or Ground, (if any) necessary to be laid to or taken from the House of the Person or Persons desirous to rebuild, permitting such Person or Persons to erect a perpendicular Party Wall or Party Walls upon or as near as may be to such old Foundation or Foundations, as aforesaid; and to fix, ascertain, and award what (if any) Compensation or Recompence should be made, given, and paid by any or either of the said Parties in Difference to the other or others of them in lieu of the Lessening either of the said Houses, Coart to give or other Buildings, by such perpendicular Party Wall or Party Walls; and the fail Court of Mayor

Judgments- anj Aider, nen> and the said SeiHons respectively, shall give Judgment according to such Verdict, as Verdi#, ° well for the Scite of such intended Party Wall or Walls, as also for such Sun or Sums of Money (if any) so to be assessed by the said Jury; and shall and may (if they (Hill fee fit) award to either of the Parties such Costs as they shall deem just and reasonable; which Verdict or Verdicts, and the Judg-ictermi nation thereupon, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purpose:

and Judgment to ment. Order, or Determination

be bindings

Judgments, Sec, to be entered as if Record*

es

whatsoever, against all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use, or Interest in, to, or out of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, as also against the King’s mfcft Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and against Infants and Blue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, and Femes-covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, and all Trustees and Cestui^ue Trusts, his, her, and their Successors, H-irs, Executors, and Administrators, and all omer Persons whomsoever: And all and every the said Verdicts, Judgments, Orders, and Determinations* and all other Proceedings of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and Court of Sessions, so to be made, given, and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be by the Town Clerk of the City of London, or by the Clerk of the Peace, (as the Case shall be), entered and filed, as of Record of the said Court where such Proceedings shall have been had; for the Entry and Filing whereof, and for every Order of Court, and Copy thereof, the said Town Clerk, or Clerk of the reace, shall be paid aft.r the Rate of Twelvepence for every One hundred Words, and no more; and each of them, the said Town Clerk and Clerk of the Peace respectively, is hereby impowered and required to make and deliver to any Person or Persons requiting the same, an Exemplification, under his Hand anl Seal, of everyor any such Verdict, Judgment, Order, and Determination, being paid for the same after the Rate of Twelve-pfnee for every One hundred Words; and every such Exemplification shall and may be taken and read as Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity whatever: And from and after the obtaining such Judgment, and Payment, or Tender, in Manner herein after directed, of the Sum or Sums of Money (if any) thereby assessed or awarded, or where no Sum of Money shall be so assessed, or awarded, from and after the obtaining such Judgment, the Person or Persons who shall have applied for and obtained such Judgment, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, Servants or Workmen, Af^r Judgment shall and may pull Jown his, her, or their own House, or other Building, and rebuild the same with *ni a perpendicular Party Wall or Party Walls, on the Scite of such Ground, as shall be ascertained for

an Cy)°P4rtyDap. l^at Purpose by such Judgment; and to that End shall and may, in the Presence of a Constable c^r plying m.iv putt Head borough, or other Officer of the Peace, after the End of Fourteen Days after such Judgment, Or-down his House, der, or Determination shall have been obtained, enter upon the Scite of the Ground so ascertained andrebuud the for a Party Wall or Walls, and into the House or other Building (if any be) adjoining to the House *£rt‘ or Party Wall intended to be rebuilt, at any Time between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Six W^ll'Vnd, in*y *n t^ic Afternoon, (Sundays excepted); and if the Outer Door of such House or other Building shall be the Presence of (hut, and the Occupier or other Person therein, shall refuse to open the same, being thereunto required; a Con liable, may or if such House or other Building shall be empty and unoccupied shall, and may break open such ntcr the adjoin- Outer Door, and remove, to some other Part of the same Premises, &ny Goods, Furniture, Shelves, or ing House, and other Matter or Thing, which shall obstruct the Building of such intended perpendicular Party Wall or Walls, or the pulling down any Wall, Partition, or other Thing necessary to be pulled down and removed, in order to the building such intended Party Wall or Walls; and from and after such Entry as aforesaid, and at all usual Times of working, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Builder or Builders employed to ere£b such intended Party Wall or Walls, and his and their Servants, and all others employed by him or them, to enter into and upon the Premises, and abide therein the usual Times of working, for the (horing up the said House, or other Building so broke into or entered upon, and for taking down and removing any Party Wall or Walls, Partition, Wainscot, or other Thing necessary to be taken down and moved for the Purpose aforesaid, and to build such intend d perpendicular Party Wall or Walls: And if any such Owner or Occupier, or other Person or Persons, dull in any Manner hinder, obstruct, or impede any Workman or Wo.kuion employed for any of the Purposes aforesaid. or shall wilfully damage or injure the said Works, every such Owner or Occupier, or oth.r Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, so.soit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, as herein is after mentioned.

may remove Goods or Fur-mi: u*e.

lY any Person hi the Workman, to forfeit 10l.

XV.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 7 3. 64?

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Ap- Seffirwfrr plication to the General Quarter-sessions of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, for or concerning ro any Matter to be by such C^iarter-fe/Tims ordered, directel, or done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the jury (if any) to be inopmelled, and all* Parties required to attend the Quarter-sessions for *r|4'

he said County, shall be impanelled, directed and required to attend, at some Gentnl or Special Adjournment of the said Quarter-sessions, within Six Weeks next after such Application; t^hirh said Adjournments shall be to the Court H^use of the Town and Borough of Southwark, in t^e said County,

(itu3te and being at Saint Margaret's Hill, within the said Town and Borough, or in some convenient Part thereof, or in some other Place, near, or thereunto adjoining, to be appointed by the Justices in tue said Sessions, fb as not to impede or interrupt the Bunness at any Time hereafter to be done by or before His Majesty's Justice of Assize, Justiers of Oyer and Terminer, Justices of Gaol Delivery, oc Justices of the Peace, or the County Leers or Courts of Sewers for the City of London^ or Liberties thereof, and which have been usually done, held, or kept in the said Court House; and that, from Time. to Time, every further Meeting of the said Sessions for any Thing to be done upon such Application, shall be appointed at or within the Space of Three Weeks; which Adjournment and Adjournments the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, and every of them, are hereby impow'r d and requi ed to make and hold, from Time ter Time, as there shall he Occasion; any Law or Usage to the Contr- y not ithft inding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Co«tma*fine for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and to and for any or either of the aforesaid Courts of j^e She, ffor hi* Sessions, (as the Case shall be), and they are heicby impowered and required, from Time to Time, to Ocfajlltmaltm* impose any reasonable Fine or rin's on such Sheriff or Sheriffs, or their or his Deputies or Deputy, or Vc

any of them, making D fault in the Premises; and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear at the Time and Place in such Summons specifi^d, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn on such Jury, or to give his or their Verdict, or in any Manner wilfully neglecting his or their Duty, therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of the Persons having Notice to attend ro give Evidence touching the Premises, who shall not attend, or attending, shall refuse to be examined or give Evidence; and, from Time to Time, in Default of Payment thereof on Demand, to levy such Fine or Fines in such Manner as the before-mentioned Penalty of Fifty Pounds is herein before directed to be recovered and levied, so that no Fine shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any One Person for any One Offence; and such Fine or Fines, when so received, or levied and recovered, shall be applied to and for the Use of the Person or Persons so applying to the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or to the said Courts of Sessions, (as the C?fe shall be), and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatever.

XVII. And whereas it may happen that Party Walls, heretofore built within the Limits aforesaid, Proprietor?pulU 4 may be so far out of Repair as to render it necessary to pull down and rebuild the same, when both the ing down Party adjoining Houses, or orh *r Buildings, may not require to be rebuilt be it enacted by the Authority Waiia, to give aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and *,ot, ce,n seventy-two, all and every the Owner or Proprietor of any House or Building within the Limits afore- 0 ow °6 oim* said, who shall think it necessary to pull down any Partition or Party Wall between any such House and the next adjoining House, shall (in case the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such adjoining House will not, or by Disability cannot, agree touching the pulling down or rebuilding such Party Wall) give Three Months Notice to the Owner or Occupier of such adjoining House of such his, her. or their Intention to pull down such Partition or Party Wall; which Notice shall be in the Form, or to the Effect following:

u ^P P R E H E N D I N G the Party Wall between your House, fitunte

inhabited by and my House adjoining thereto, to be so The Form.

far out of Repair as to render it necessary to pull down and rebuild the same, take Notice, That I intend to have the said Party Wall furyoyed agreeable to an Act of Parliament made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, and have appointed

of and of my Surveyors, to

meet at in on my Behalf, on the Day next, at

of the Clock, in the of the same D *y; and I do hereby require, and call

upon you, to appoint Two other Surveyors, or able Workmen, on your Part to meet them at the Time and Place aforesaid, to view the said Party Wall, and certify the State and Condition thereof,

and whether the same ought to be pulled down and rebuilt. Dated this Day of

And every such Owner and Occupier shall appoint Two Surveyors, or able Workmen, to meet at the Surveyor, to be Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned; and they, together with the 1'wo Surveyors or able appointed to Workmen, to be named by the Party giving such Notice, and whose Names shall be expressed in such.

Notice, may view such Party Wall, and certify the State and Condition thereof, and whether the same ought to be pulled down and rebuilt; and such Surveyors, so to be named as aforesaid, or in case the Owner or Occupier of such adjoining House or Building, having Notice as aforesaid, shall refuse or nrgleftto name such Two Surveyors or able Workmen, according to such Notice, then the Two Surveyors or Workmen, named in such Notice, toge ther with Two other Surveyors or able Workman also to be named by the Party giving such Notice as aforesaid, shall and may, within Six '.Days after their Appointment, view the Partition or Party Wall intended to be pulled down $ and shall rtify in Writing

C. 73.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 177*

under their Hands, to the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or to the said’ Justices of the Peace, ih their next General or Quarter:sessions of the Peace respectively, (as the Case may be), the State and Condition of such Party Wall, and whether the same ought to pulled down and rebuilt: And in case the major Part of the Surveyors or Workmen appointed, in Manner by this Act prescribed, to view such # the Certificate Partition or Party Wall so intended to be pulled down, shall not, within the Space o(One Month next # for One Month, aPter such Appointment, sign such Certificate in Writing ;then, and in every such Case, it shall and may Justices may ap- be lawful to and for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the; said City of Lon-

point another Surveyor.

Major Part of i'a»d Surveyors cemfyiirg the

...1 ’.o the «.aQ^atier-

dony or County of Middlesex or Surrey, or City and Liberty of Westminster^ pi Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London^ (as the Case shall be), and such One or more Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised an J required, upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party giving such Notice as aforesaid, to name and appoint One o(her able Surveyor or Workman to be ad-cted to the Surveyors or Workmen appointed by virtue and in pursuance of this ActG and all the said Surveyors or Workmen, so appointed, or the major Part of them who shall meet for that Purpose, (Six Days Notice having been given to, or less at the Dwelling-house of each and every of them, of such intended Meeting), shall view the Partition or Party Wall so proposed to be pulled down; and in case the major Part of such Surveyors or Workmen, to be appointed in Manner aforesaid, shall certify in Writing, undo: their Hands, that such Wall is decayed and ruinous, or is not sufficiently secure against* Fire, if any should happen, and that the same ought to be pulled down, then, within Three Days next after such Certificate made by such major Part of the said Surveyors or Workmen as aforesaid, a Copy Waiuto berum. thereof shall be delivered to the Owner or Occupier of, or left at such next adjoining House \ and such t beVc rneiu’onec* Owner or Occupier shall and may (if he, she, or they shall so think fit) appeal from,

to Own- or ag:*inst such Certificate, to the next General or Quarter-sessions to be holden for the City, County, r»c. within oV Place, (as the Case may be), and the Justices at the said General or Quarter-sessions to which such Dry*. Appeals shall be made, shall summon before them One or more of such Surveyors or Workmen, and may fIJC|\ other Person or Persons as they shall think fit, and shall examine the Matter upon Oath, which Oath or Oaths they are hereby impowered to administer; and upon such Examination or Examinations, the said Justices are hereby auchmifed and required to make such Order or Orders in the Premises as .-mi- they in their discreti ns shall think to be just and reasonable; and the Determination of the said Juf- e tires shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, without any Appeal from the same: And for Neglect or Default of appealing, or if on Appeal there shall be no Order to the Contrary; then, and in every or any such Cu e, and not otherwise, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Party intending to pull down. nd rebuild such Party Wall as aforesaid, to cause speh Partition or Party Wall to be pulled down, and to have and exercise the like Power of Entry into, or upon the adjoining House or Houses, ar ! of removing Wainscot, Shelves, Furniture, and other Things, and of shoring up the said adjoining Hou e or Houses, as is given or allowed to the Owners or Proprietors of intermixed Houses or Buildings in and by this present Act, and shall and may erc& and build a new perpendicular Party Wall or Walls of such Materials, and of such Thickness and Height, and in such Manner, and subject to such Restrictions and Directions, as are in and by this Act prescribed and directed.

OIJpartitions 4

XVIII. And whereas several old Houses within the Limits aforesaid have, instead of One Party or T.mHcr Wall* i Wall, One Timber Partition, or Two old Timber Walls or Partitions, One belonging to each. rJnbPl>ttd House: And whereas Disputes may arise, touching the pulling down such Walls or Partitions, and Owner or Build- ^he building Party Walls, agreeable to the Rules and Directions herein contained, in the Place erotthe House and Stead of such Partition or Wall, whenever it may be expedient to rebuild any such House or adjoining, and c Building j9 be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Builder of any House or *° which any such Partition or old Timber Wall or Walls shall belong, shall be desirous of pulling doWn and rebuilding such House or Building, and of such his Desire shall give Three Months Notice to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the next adjoining House oX Building, in the Form or to the Effect following:

Form of Notice..« j N Three Months from the Date hereof, take Notice, That I intend to pulb down the Timber Partition or Partitions, or Timber Wall, between your House, occupied by 1 41 situate in and my House adjoining thereto, and

4< in the Stead thereof, to build a Brick perpendicular Party Wall, agreeable to an Act of Parliament u made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Third. Dated this " Day of

Then and in that Case, from and after the Expiration of the Three Months, to be expressed in such Notice, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Builder of such House or Building so to be rebuilt, to pull down the said Partition or Partitions, and to have and exercise the like Power of Entry into and upon the said adjoining House or Building, and of removing Wainscot, Shelves, Furniture, and other Things, and of shoring up the said adjoining House or Building, as is given and allowed to the First Builder in any other Case in and by this present Act, and shall and may, in the Place and Stead of such Partition or Partitions, Wall or Walls, build new perpendicular Party Wall or Walls of such Materials* of such Thickness and Height, and in such Manner, ami subject to such Restrictions and Directions, as are herein-Selore mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That One Moiety of the Expence of all Party Wall or Walls, Flank, or End Wall or Walls, to be built by any Person or Persons whrtmfoever, i:i Manner m and by this Act directed, shall be paid and reimbursed to the Person or Persons at whofir Charge the same was or were built and erected* by such Person or Persons, and at such Times, and in

such

built in their Stead

cf P-r-ty ho.v to

be recovered.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 73’. 645'

such Manner, as Tierejn-after is mentioned; and, in the m£an Time, and until the same shall be so paid for the sole Property of such Party, Flank, or Side Wall or Walls, and of the Scite or Ground whereon every for any such Wall or Walls doth or do (land, shall be vested and be solely in the Person or Persons at whose Expence the same was or were built; that is to say, As to, for, and in respect of all and every such Flank or Side Wall of apy House or Building, whereunto, at the Time of Building thereof, no other House or Building was adjoining; and all and every the Person or t Persons who shall then after build any House or Building adjoining thereto, and shall mukexufe of the Wall or Walls, in the Manner, and for any of the Purposes herein-before mentioned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be liable to pay, or shall be charged with One Moiety of the Expence of the said Wall or Walls, to be reimbursed as aforesaid to the Person or Persons who shall then have the Property of such Wall or Walls, as soon as such Wall or Walls shall have been firth cut into, or made use of as aforesaid; and as to, for, and in respect of, all or any such Party Wall as hath been, or shall be built against, or adjoining to any other House or Building, the Owner or Proprietor of such. House or Building next adjoining thereto, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be liable to pay, and shall be charge^ with One Moiety of the Expence thereof, to be estimated after thef Rate of Seven Pounds per Rod, to be paid to the Person or Persons at whose Expence the same shall have been built, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, together with all the Charges and Expences of shoring the said adjoining House or o:her Building, and the removing any Goods, Furniture, or other Things, and the pulling down any Partition, Wainscot, or other Thing, in order to the pulling down and removing any Party Wall or Walls, or Partition Wall or Walls, and other the contingent Expences in any of the Cases aforesaid actually incurred; and also all such Costs (if any) as shall have been awarded by any such Judgment of the (jourt of Mayor and AlJermcn, or Court of Sessions, as aforesaid, when, and as soon as the same Party Wall shall be built; and within Ten Days after such Party Wall shall be so built, such First Builder or Builders shall, in Writing, leave at such next House or Building a true Account of the Number of Rods in such Party Wall; and One Moiety of the Expence thereof shall be paid by the Owner or Owners of such House or Houses, or other Buildings, who are intitled to the improved Rent; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Tenant or Occupier to pay such First Builder or Builders for the same, and also for the shoring and supporting the House as aforesaid, after he or they shall have built such Party Wall, and to dedud the the same out of the next Rent which shall become due from him or her to such Owner or Owners, under whom he or fhc holds or enjoys the same respectively; and in case the same shall not be paid within Twenty-one Days next after Demand thereof, then the same shall and may be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, of and from the Owner or Owners, by A£Hon of Debt, or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more that One Imparlance, shall be allowed: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs who shall commence any such Action shall, Three Calendar Months at the least before the commencement thereof, give Notice inW riting to the Person or Persons against whom such Action is intended to be brought of his,.

£er, or their Intention to bring the same, or leave the same at his, her, or their last or usual PlaceufAbode, and in such Notice specify the Sum for which it is to be brought, and shall also annex to such Notice a Bill of the just and true Particulars of the Expences and Charges with which the intended Defendant or Defendants is or are to be charged; then, an l in that Case, such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, if he, she, or they shall recover the full Sum to be speeihed in such Notice, shall also recover and be intitled to Double Costs of Suit, and shall have and be intitled to the lame, or like Remedies for Recovery thereof, as are usually given for Common Costs in other Cases of Costs at Law.

XX. And whereas Houses and Tenements within the Limits aforesaid are often, either from litigated wjjfnanr Hocfe Titles thereto, or the Obstinacy, Neglect, or Poverty of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, or of ^au be^clcnted Parties interested therein, in so ruinous a Condition that Passengers passing thereby are in Danger of a» in a ruinous their Lives or Limbs from the falling thereof, or of Bricks or Timber therefrom;1 be it therefore Sta-e, a fufRcient enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June* One Hoard ° be put-thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, if any Presentment shall be made by any Inquest or Grand "p be!‘!" the Jury in London, or by any Annoyance Jury within the City and Liberty of Westminster, or by the Jury imc# c* sworn at the Court Lect, held by the Sheriff in his Turn for any Hundred or Place, or by any other Jury or Inquest, sworn within any other Part of the Limits aforesaid, that any House or Tenement within the same Limits, or any Part thereof, is or are in a ruinous Condition, it shall be lawful for the Court of Mayor and Aldermen, in respect of any such House or Tenement within the said City of London, and the Liberties thereof, or for the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor for the Time being of such Parish, Precinct, or Place, in which such House or Tenement shall be, (not being in the City of London^ or the Liberties thereof), and the said Court, and every such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, is and are hereby required, on Notice of any such Prefenrment being made, and on a Copy thereof being laid before them or him respectively, to cause, with all convenient Speed then afterwards a proper and sufficient Hoard to be put up for the Safety of all Passengers passing the reoy, and to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons interested therein, if he, she, or they, can be found; and if not, to cauie such Notice in Writing to be left at. the Premises so presented to be in such ruinous Condition, to be affixed to, or upon the Door or other notorious Part of such House or Tenement, to rep ir the same, or to take down such.

Building, as the Case shall require, within the Space of Fourteen Days then next ensuing: And if If Owners n?-such Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons interested in any such House or Tenement, Oiall ^lcc> to take Hot. repairer take down the same within the said Space 01 Fourteen Days after any such Notice as

aforesaid c*

64.6 C. 73.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Mayor, and Li-

wi#ui iiic t wi> (which Oath

to luve the same every of them the said Mayor and Justice is hereby impowered and required to ad mini (ter), of such taiccadown, or Notice having been so given, left, oraffixed as aforesaid, the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, by and leuucd $ out of the Cain in the Chamber of London, and also every such Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poof, by and oat of any Monies in his Hands, is hereby authorised and required, with all convenient Speed* then afterwards, to order and cause such House or Tenement so presented to be in a ruinous Condition, or so much thereof as the said Court, or ’the said Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, shall find necessary for the Safety of Passengers, to be taken down and secured in such Manner as shall from Time tad my fdi the to Time be thought requisite; and to sell and dispose of such of the Materials as the said Court of Materials 1 Mayor and Aldermen, or the said Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, shall judge necessary or ad out of the expedient, and by and out of the Monies to arise by the Sale thereof, to reimburse, repay, and satisfy ?*on7 *h'sa* to ^emselves, ancL a^ anc* every Person and Persons by them respectively employed for the Purposes tl^Ovctieciitr« aforesaid, all the Charges of putting up every such Hoard, and of taking down and securing all or any to satisfy the in- Pa*1 of every such House or Tenement to be taken down, or made secure for the Safety of Passengers ielvet for thoir as aforesaid, and of the Sale of Materials as aforesaid, or so much thereof as the Monies to arise by Trouble. such Sale will extend to pay, and shall account for and pay the Surplus of the Monies to arise by such Sale (if any be) to the Owner or Proprietor of every such House or Tenement, upon personal Demand thereof made by such Owner or Proprietor: And if no such Demand shall be made of any such Overseer or Overseers before another or other Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, Precinct, or Place, shall be appointed; then, and in every such Case, such Overplus shall be added to the Monies raised and collected by virtue of the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, Precinct, or Place, and account!d for as such.

Provided nevertheless, That any such Owner or Proprietor, his or her Executors or Actnini-tLitl Owim* ^rators» &aN and may, at all Times then after, be intitled to have and receive such Overplus from the w Overseers of the Poor for the Time being of such Parish, Preempt, or Place, within 'Pen Days after Demand thereof personal!v made by such Owner or Proprietor, his or her Executors or Administrators; and every such Overseer mall, and is hereby required to pay the same accordingly, out of any Monies raised, or to be mifed, by any Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and shall be allowed the Payment thereof in any Account to be by him made with the Vestry, Inhabitants, and Parishioners of the said Parish, Precinct, or Place, or the future Overseer or Overseers thereof: And if it shall happen that the Monies to arise by such Sale shall fall short and be deficient to repay and satisfy all such Charges j then, and in every such Case* such Deficiency shall from Time to Time be paid by the Owner or Owners of every such House or Tenement, if known, and he, she, or they, can be met with within the Limits aforesaid; and if such Owner or Owners shall, on Demand thereof, neglect or refuse to

poid co Owner* on Demand.

Cut if Sale of old Materials be infu&cieut. Owners or Occupiers to make good the same.

pay the same, then such Deficiency n.ay be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor of the said City of London for the Time being, ( r any other Justice of the Peace for the same City, or the Hands and Seals of 7"wo or more Tuftters of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or the County of Surrey, or City and Liberty of Westminster^ or Liberty of His Majesty Tower of London, (as the Case shall be), by Distress and Sale of the Goods <md Chattels of such Owner or Owners, if any such can so?Defi° found within the Limits aforesaid: And if no such Owner or Owners can be met with within the cicncicsp^d by said Limits, or if sufficient Distress of his or their Good* or Chattels cannot be met v:ith, wherefrom Tenants. such Deficiency of such Costs and Charges may be levied and recovered; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons who shall at any Time then after occupy any such House or Tenement, or the Ground whereon the same flood, is and are hereby required and authorised to pay the same* and to deduct the same out of the rent thereof; and if he, she, or they, shall neg1e£t or refuse to pay such Deficiency of Charges, then the same shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said tYL.yor of the said City for the Time being, or any other Justice of the Peace for the same City, or Hands and Seals of Two or more of such Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Occupier or Occupiers of the Premises, together with the Costs of every such Distress and Sale; and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Premises, is and are hereby required to allow every such Occupier or Occupiers all such Deficiencies and Charges which he, she, or they shall so pay, or which shall be recovered or levied by Distress and Sale from him, her, or them, as aforesaid, out of any Rent which shall become due for the said Premises, or any Part thereof; and every Occupier paying any such Deficiency and Charges shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as he, she, or they shall so pay, in the same Manner as if the same had been actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rents were due, and should have been paid; and all such Money as shall from Time to Time be received or recovered on the A count aforesaid, for or in respect of any such House or Tenement, within the City of London^ or the Liberties thereof, shall be paid to the Chamberlain of the said City, and be by him, from Time to Time, placed to the Credit of the Cashier of the said City of London; and every such Sum or Sums of Money as on the Account aforesaid shall from Time to Time, be received or recovered for or in respect of any such House or "enement in any Part of the Limits aforesaid, (other than the said City of London, and the Liberties here), shall be paid to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor for the Time being of the Parish, Precinct, or Place, where such House or Tenement so presented shall be or did stand, and shall be placed am! brought to the Account and Use of the said Parish, in Aid of such or a like Rate or Fund out of which the Expen.cc and Ch-rgcs so received or recovered were originally disbursed.

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 73. 647

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-from Top* fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, the Water from the Tops of allof Woole* to be Houses, or other Buildings, which shall be erected or built, or rebuilt, and from the Fronts of Shops, and all Projections by this Act allowed within the Limits aforesaid, shall be conveyed into the Streets, under Penalty of Lanes, and other Places, or into the Areas of such Houses, or other Buildings, in Lead, or other Pipeiol, or Pipes affixed against or on the Sides or Fronts of every such House or other Building reaching into any publick Street, Lane, or Place, or extending downwards to the Pavement of the Street or Area, on Pain that the Owner or Owners of any such House, or other Building, Shop, or other Projection, offending herein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten rounds: And if after any 10l. Penalty Conviction of any such Offence, the Water from the Top of any such House, or other Building, Shop, cac^Moi^h or other Projection, within tjic Limits aforesaid, shall be dill conveyed into any Street, Lane, or other Place, otherwise than in Lead, or other Pipe or Pip?s so affixed, and reaching as aforesaid, for the Iff JIT fee. Space of On.* Month or more; then, and in every such Case, the Owner of every such House or other Building shall forfeit the further Sum of Ten Pounds, and so toties gutties for every Month after such First Conviction, during which the Water shall be conveyed otherwise than as aforesaid; every such Forfeiture to be recovered and applied in such Manner as the several Forfeitures and Penalties of Ten Pounds are herein-before directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

XXIII. And whereas the distilling of Turpentine, and the drawing off the Oil of Turpentine and For preventing Rosin determined by distilling of Turpentine, and the boiling of the said Oil and Turpentine together, for ma- drilling of. 4 king of Varnish, within the Limits aforesaid, may prove of dangerous Consequence to the Neighbour- Jurpyt,n* V 4 hood where every such Practice shall be used: For preventing thereof for the future/ be it enacted by j0at "eTin* the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June> One thousand seven under tool. Po-.* hundred and seventy-two, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to distil or boil any Turpen-naity. tine, or to draw any Oil of Turpentine and Rorin by distilling of Turpentine, or to boil any Oil and Turpentine together, above the Quantity of Ten Gallons at one Time of all or any the said Commodities within the Limits aforesaid, in any Workhouse or Place contiguous to any other Building, or in any Place nearer to any other Building than the Distance of Fifty Feet at the least, upon Pain that every Person offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; every of which forfeitures shall and may be recovered, with T reble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin,

Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; One Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, Freeing, or Place wherein the Offence was committed, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall inform or sue for the same.

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex-Shipwright*, tend, to prevent Ship-wric.tm, Barge-builders, Boat-builders, or Mast-makers, or other Persons em* not to be inclu-ployed in building or repairing Ships, Barges, Boats, or other Vessels, near the River Thames, from boil-de*' ing or mixing Oil and other Materials for the Purpose of paying Ships, Barges, Boats, or Masts.

XXV. And whereas the having a sufficient Number of Fire Engines kept in known publick Places, Fire Engine* to and at convenient Distances from each other, and ready to be brought forth as Occasion may require, kePc i*p»b- and the supplying such Engines with Plenty of Water, and the giving Encouragement to Engineers and llck t’laceu others to bring forth, use, and work such Engines, may tend greatly to lessen the Mischiefs happening ' 4 determined by Fire/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of juney One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens of each and every Parish, and to and for the Overseers of the Poor of every PrecinCfc and Place not having any Churchwarden within the Limits aforesaid, and they are hereby respectively required, from Time to Time for ever, to make, place, and fix, at the Charge of such respective Parish, Precinct, or Place, upon the Mains and Pipes belonging to any Water-work whatsoever within the Limits aforesaid, such and so many Stop-blocks of Wood, with a Wood Plug, or such and so many Fire-cocks to go into each Main or ripe, and to be placed at such Distances in each and every Street or Place where such Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor respectively for the Time being shall dire#; and that the Top of every such Stop-block or Turncock shall be even with the Pavement of each Street or Place, to the Intent such Plugs or Fire-cocks may, upon Occasion of any Fire, be opened to let out the Water without Loss of Time in digging down to the Pipes: And that all and every or any such Churchwar- Ch«rchvrard-r» dens or Overseers of the Poor respectively shall have Power, and are hereby required, from Time toto Mirks ia Time, to fix any Mark or Writing on the Front of any House or Houses over against or nearest to the Place where such Stop-block, Plug, or Fire-cock, doth or shall lie, or is or shall be placed, for the bet- Firewckslje.An ter making known where such Stop-blocks, Plugs, or Fire-cocks lie; and shall also keep an Instrument instrument or or Key in every such House, wh re every such Mark shall be, to open the Stop-block, Plug, or Fire- K*y tobekpt. cock; and shall keep in such House a Pipe for the Water to come thereout, to be made use of as Occasion shall require; and all and every such Stop-blocks and Fire-cocks to be kept in Repair at the Charge of each Parish, Precinct. or Place where the same shall be placed, and such Plugs to be kept in Repair by the Owners of the Mains and Pipes where the same shall be fixed: And whenever the Owners of any Water-works shall afterwards remove, change, or alter the fai j Mains or Pipes; then, and in every such Case, the Owner or Owners of every lueh Main or Pipe shall, at his or their own proper Costs and Charges, place and fix the same, or the like Stop-blocks, Plugs, and Fire-cocks, upon ever/ such new Main or Pipe, to be placed where the Churchwardens of the Parish, or Overseers of the Precinct or PLce, not haying a Churchwarden for the Time being, shall direct and appoint; and in ivory such Case the Instrument or Key and Pipe shall be removed to the House opposite or nearest to the Place

'646 C. '73 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

to which such Stop-block, Plug, and Fire-cock shall be removed; and every such Churchwarden or Overseer respectively shall cause a like Mark or Writing to be fixed against every such House.

Engines to-to

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every Parish within the Limits aforesaid shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, have and keep in good Order 4rl and Repair, in some known and publick Place within each Parish, a large Engine, and also an Hand

Engine, to throw up Water for the extinguishing of Fires; and also shall provide, keep, and maintain One Leather Pipe at least, with a Socket of the same Size as the Plug or Fire-cock, and a Stand-cock and Suction-pipe, to the Intent the Socket may be put into the Pipe, to convey the Water clean. Churchwardens and without Loss or help of Buckets, into the Engine: And in Default of making, placing, fixing, and *t0f contirtu*n.? f*uch Stop-blocks or Fire-cocks, on the several Mains and Pipes, as also in Default of ha-c *u ving and keeping in good Repair such large Engine, Hand Engine, and Leather Pipe or Pipes, Socket, and Stand-cock and Suction-pipe, every Churchwarden of such Parish, and every Overseer of any such Freeing or Place not having a Churchwarden, making Default in the Premises, and being convi<3ed thereof before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City of London, or for the County of Middlesex or Surrey, or Liberty where the same may happen, (as the Case shall be) shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds; One Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to some other proper Officer, not so convicted, of the Parish, Precinct, or Place where such Default shall be made, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish, Precinct, or Place, in Aid of the R^tps to be Wied by for Relief of the Poor, and to be accounted for with, and as Part of such Rates; to be levied and rp-Dtfrcfs. covered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Churchwarden and Overseers respectively. "

Turncock to

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Turncock belonging to the bave 10s.whose Water-work, whose Water shall be found on, or shall first come into the Main br Pipe where any Plug shall be opened, at any Fire within the Limits aforesaid, shall be paid Ten Shillings by the Churchill* Pipe at a warden or Overseer of the Poor of every such respective Parish, Precindb, or Place where such Fire Fire. may happen; and that the Engine-keeper which first brings a Parish Engine; or other large Eil-

First Engine- gine, to help to extinguish any Fire happening within the Limits aforesaid, if in good Order and keeper 30s. complete, with a Socket, Hofc, l eather Pipe, Stand-cock, and Suftion-pipe, shall be pard Thirty Shtl-lings; the keeper of the Second Parish Engine, or other large Engine, which shall be next brought in and Pche Third such Order, and so complete, to help to extinguish any such Fire, shall be paid Twenty Shillings; god Engine-keeper the Keeper of any Parish Engine, or other large Engine,1 which shall be the Third of such Engines 10 s. to be re- brought in such Order, and so complete, to any such Fire, shall be paid Ten Shillings; every such ray-covered determined by Dif- ment to be made by the Churchwardens of each Parish, or by the Overseers of the Poor of every such trefsand Sale. precjn& or Place, not having any Churchwarden (as the Case shall be) where any such Fire shall happen: And in Default of Payment thereof, such Reward shall be levied and recovered from the said Churchwardens and Overseers respectively, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Churchwarden and Overseer, in the f me or like Manner as the Penalty or Forfeiture of Ten Pouitcis is herein before directed to be levied and recovered.

?d^oTnvVum-

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nofiuph cocko»*Engine"" Reward shall be paid to any Turncock or Engine-keeper by the Churchwarden of any Parish, or Over-kreperwi bout fecr of the Poor of any Precinct or Place aforesaid, where any Fire shall happen, without the Approba-the Approbation tion and Direction of the Alderman of the Ward, wherein such Parish, Precinct, or Place, is situate, or of an Alderman, his JJeput.y, or Two of the Common Councilmen of the same Ward for the Time being, if such Fire shall happen within the City of London or the Liberties thereof; or without the Approbation and Consent of One or more Justice or Justices of Peace, in and for the said County of Middlesex, of County of Surrey, or Liberty where the same may happen (as the Case shall be), rending wkttii) such PtfrifH, Prc-tuiL't, or Place, where f such Fire shall happen; and if there shall not be any Jirflice or justrccs of "the Peace refuting in such Parish, Precinct, or Place, then of such Justice or Justices of the Peace residing in the Parish or Place near or next adjoining.

After June 24, 4

XXIX. And whereas many of ihc Parishes within the Limits aforesaid hive been frequently put to

1772, Rewards ‘ considerable Expences, occasioned by the Neglecft of the Inhabitants, as well Lodgers and Inmates, as payable for Fue Housekeepers, in not causing thrir Chimnies to be duly fweptyby Means whereof Alarm e of Fire are to be'defray ed ^'^9 Gently made, to the great Terror and Danger of His Majesty's Stibjects, which mightand ought,

-> by lohabirarrs and probably would be prevented if such Inhabitants were obliged to defray and bear the Charges and and Oceup ets» 4 Expences attending such their Neg)e£s, or some reasonable Part thereof / be it therefore enadod by the Authority aforesaid, That*from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand ’seven hundred and lcvdnty-two; in all Cases where any Reward or Rewards, or other Recompence by this AcEtiude payable, shall be borne and paid by any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, for or on Account of any Fire being in a Chimney only, or first beginning in, and occasioned by the taking Fire of any Chimney only, the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Room or Apartment td which any such 'Chimney shall belong, being a Lodger or Inmate to or with1 any Tenaht, Ren-tc-iyor Holder of any House or molding of which such Room 05 Apartment shall be Part; or if such Chimney shall not belong to any such Lodger or Inmate, then the Tenant, Renter, Holder, or Occupier of the House or Building wherein any such Fire as last mentioned shall fete, or shall first begin, ih ill reimburse and repay1 to the Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor all and every such Reward and Rewards, or other Payments, which shall have been by him or them male, pursuant to the Directions of thisi Ad, or such Part thereof as the Mayor or oth r justice of the Peace of the City of London, or Justice of the Peace for the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London, or Justice of the Peace for the

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 73. 649

County of Middlesex or County of Surrey, or for the City and Liberty of Westminster, (as the Case shall be), upon the Application and Complaint of any such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, and hearing the Party or Parties complained against, shall, under his Hand and Seal, think fit to award and di-^ red: And to the End the said Mayor or other Justice aforesaid may be the better enabled to award and direct what may in any such Case be just and reasonable, the said Mayor for the Time being, and every such Justitc shall and may, and is hereby authorised and impowered to summon and call before him, after any such Complaint made, the Party and Parties complained against, and all Persons fit and proper to give Evidence touching the Premises, of whom he shall have Notice or Information; and to examine them and every of them upon Oath, (which Oath the said Mayor, and every such justice , is hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward); and if the Party or Parties complained against, being summoned, shall not appear, the said Mayor, and every such justice of the Peace, shall and may proceed to hear and examine the Matter of the Complaint, and such Evidence as shall be produced, and to make such Award and Direction thereupon as shall be just, and as if the Party or Parties making such Default of Appearance had been present, and heard in his, her, or their Defence; and if any Sum or Sums of Money so awarded and directed to be reimbursed or repaid to any such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, shall not be so reimbursed or repaid within Fourteen Days after Demand thereof made, it shall and may be lawful to and for every or any such Churchwarden or Overseer, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor or other Justice, f which Warrant the said Mayor and every such Justice is hereby authorised and impowered to make) to levy every such Reward and Rewards, or other Recompence which shall have been so paid, or such Part thereof as shall have been so awarded and directed, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties making Default of Payment, or of any of his, her, or their Goods or Chattels found in the Room or Apartment to which such Chimney belongs where such Fira was, or first began, or in any other Part of any House or Building, whereof such Room or Apartment was or shall be Part; any Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXX. And forasmuch as several of the Parishes within the City of London were, after the great United Piriffitt c Fire, which happened in the Year of our Lord Christ, One thousand six hundred and sixty-six, united deemed u On*

together;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Two or more of the said Parishes fop"ifll* united are intended to be, and shall, for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, be esteemed and taken as One Parish only.

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and it is further enacted, That in case the Vestries of any of the said Vestriei baxing-united Parishes, or of any other Parish within the Limits aforesaid, shall at any Time conceive it ne- I"01,6!*1 0lie ceflary for the said Parish, in respect of the Largeness thereof, to have more than One great Engine or Hand Engine; it shall and maybe lawful for them to provide Two or more great Engines or Hand Reguia-Engines at the Parish Charge, and that the same Engines, and every of them, shall be under the like tionsas those Regulations aifd Encouragements, as the other Engine or Engines directed to be provided by* this Act provided bjr thi* are under.

XXXII. And, in order to raise Money to defray the necessary Charges of providing and maintain- Fire Engines,

ing such Engine, Stop-blocks, and Fire-cocks, and Keys, and other Implements and Materials, to b€P^ovi- and Payment of the Rewards or Gratuities directed by this Act,’ be it further enacted by the Authority Out of th *Poor* aforesaid, That the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, in Vestry, or other Rate* publick Meeting duly assembled, of the several Parishes, Precindb, and Places within the Limns aforesaid, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, (as often as there shall be Occasion), by any Rate or Rates to be made for Relief of the Poor of every such Parish, Precinct, and Place respectively, over and above what they shall judge competent and sufficient for the Relief and Maintenance of such Poor, or by any especial Rate or Rates to be made for the Purposes of this Act, to rate and assess such competent Sum and Sums of Money as shall be needful and requisite for the Ends aforesaid, in like Manner as by Law they may do for the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor of their respective Parishes, Precincts, and Places; which Rates, being allowed and confirmed in the like Manner as the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor are or ought to be, shall be collected and recovered, in the same Manner as the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor by Law now may or ought to be collected and recovered, subject to the like Appeal as in Cases of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor:

And the said Officers shall be accountable for the same, in like Manner as by Law they are accountable for the Money by them collected for the Relief of the Poor, and shall be subject and liable to the same or like Pains and Commitments for not accounting for the same, or not paying Monies by them collected, and remaining i.u their Hands, as Overseers of the Poor are, by the Statute of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, made subject and liable to, for not accounting for or not paying Monies collected by virtue of any Rates for the Relief of the Poor.

XXXIII. And whereas the several Offices for insuring Houses against Loss by Fire retain in their Waterraeore* c several Services, and give Coats and Badges, and other Rewards, unto Watermen, for their Service tuned by info- and Assistance in and towards exringuifhng of Fire, and who are to be always ready when wanted, ring Office* to and are provided with various Sorts of roles. Hooks, Hatchets, and several other Instruments and ^to^inT*

Things at the Charge of the said respective Insurance Offices, for the extinguishing of Fire; which jnttTtha Watermen so retained are and have been by Experience found to venture much further, and to have Sea ®r La*iSti»

SkiU to give, and do give at Fires, happening within the Limits aforesaid, greater Help than other vice.

Persons not used to come into Danger be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Watermen so iciained, and wearing such Coats and Badges for the Time being, belonging to every such Insurance Office within the Limits aforesaid, not exceeding Thirty for each Office, shall be free

6-5° C. 73.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

from being impressed or liable to be compelled to go to Sea, or serve as Marines or as Soldiers on Land, their Names and Places of Abode being registered and entered with the Secretary or other Officer of the Admiralty Office.

n°?2ufe*Uburnt

XXXIV. And in order to deter and hinder ill-minded Persons from wilfully setting their House or down, how to be Houses or other Buildings on Fire, with a View of gaining t® themselves the insurance-money, where-pplkd. c by the Lives and Fortunes of many Families may be loft or endangered be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Governors or Directors of the several Insurance Offices within the Limits aforesaid, foririTuring Houses or other Buildings against Loss by Fire, and they are hereby authorised and required, upon the Application and Request of any Person or Persons interested in or intitled unto any House or Houses, or other Buildings within the Limits by this Act prescribed, which hereafter shall or may be burnt down, demolished, or damaged by Fire, or upon any Grounds of Suspicion that the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons, who shall have insured such House or Houses, or o;her Buildings, have been guilty of Fraud, or of wilful setting their House or Houses or other Buildings on Fire, to cause the insurance-money to be laid out and expended, as far as the same will go, towards rebuilding, reinstating, or repairing such House or Houses or other Building's so burnt down, demolished, or damaged by Fire, unless the Parly or Parties claiming such Insurance-money shall, within Sixty Days next after his, her, or their Claim shall be adjusted, give a sufficient Security to the Governors or Directors of the Insurance Office where such House or Houses, or other Buildings are insured, that the same insurance-money shall be laid out and expended as aforesaid, or unless the said insurance-money shall be in that Time settled and disposed of to and amongst all the contending Parties, to the Satisfaction and Approbation of such Governors or Directors of such Insurance Office respectively.

Negligence in 4

XXXV. And whereas Fires often happen by the Negligence and Carelessness of Servants,* be it there-*iTrVFirc* rCurulh- ^ore ena<^d by Authority aforesaid, That if any menial or other Servant or Servants, through Negligible by* Fine* ~ £ence or Carelessness, shall fire, or cause to be fired, any D welling-ho*fe, or Out-house or Houses or ot.iool. or lm- other Buildings, situate within the Limits aforesaid, such Servant or Servants, being thereof convict-pitfbument. ed by the Oath of One or mote credible Witness, or Witnesses made before Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds unto the Churchwardens or Overseers of such Parish where such Fire shall happen, to be distributed amongst the Suff rers by such Fire in such Proportions as to the said Churchwardens shall seem just: And in calc of Default or Refusal to pay the Lme immediately after such Conviction, the same being lawfully demanded by the said Churchwardens; that then, and in such Case, such Servant or Servants shall, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, be committed to the Common Gaol or Hnufe of Correction, as the said Justices shall think fit, for the Space of Eighteen Months there to be kept to hard Labour.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the breaking out of any Fire, within the Limits aforesaid, all Constables and i e.tdles, upon Notice thereof, shall immediat lv repaid to the Place where the said Fire shall happen, with their Staves and other Badges of their Authority, and be aiding und assisting, as will in extinguishing the LiJ Fires, and causing People to work at the Engines, as a’.so in preventing Goods being ftulcn, and shall Li zc and apprehend all ill-disposed Persons that they shall find dealing or pilfering Iron the Inhabitants; as also that the fail Constables and Beatles dial give their utmost Assistance to help the Inhabitants to remove their said Goods.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action, Suit, or Process

the whatever, shall be had, maintained, or prosecuted against any Person in whose House or Chamber any

Q.ally yjre shall, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of One thousanl seven hundred and

seventy-two, accidentally begin, nor shall any Recompence be made by such Pe son for any Damage faltered or occasioned thereby; any Law, Usage or Custom to the Contrary notwithstanding: And in such Gale, if any Action dull he brought, the Defendant may plead the General Issu ', and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial thereof to be had; and in case the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or dil’cominue his Action or Suit, or if a Verdict shall pals against him, the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs: Provided that nothin*; in this Act contained shall extend to defeat or make void any Contract or Agreement made between Landlord a d Tenant.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where arrv Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Mon y to be recovered by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the P irty or Parties making the fa ne he deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers,

on account of any Defect or V/ant of Form in any Proce.dings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or

Panics be deemed a Trtfp.tfler or Tiefpafcrj> ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be af-t.; wards done by the Party or Parties nuking such Distress; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the foecial Damage by Action on the Case.

XXXIX. Provided always', and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thrt no Plaintiff I-cover if Terser or Piaintitu shall n cover in any Afiiori, or for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, o in-ti.-ient A- if Tender of sufficient AmenJs shall be made by or on t ie Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have ®nends be made, committed, or caused to be committed, every or any f jeh Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding ~ before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, ar any lime before Iifae joined, to p iy into the Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall lee fit; whereupon such Proceedings or Order and judgment shall be had, made, or given, in *iui by such Court, as in other. Act Las when the Defendant is allowed to pay Money imo Court.

Constables and Bt idles, on Notice, to repair to Places on Fire, ?nd what they acto do.

No Action to Jay aga nft a Person where the Fire acciden.i tc*ins.

P'.ffrfA not- unlawful for want o. £011*1, dec*

Plaintiff" pot tr»

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 73. 651

XL. And whereas by Two several Acts of Parliament, the One made in the Fourth and the other Act§ 4 & 6 Geo. 4 in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better regulating Buildings, and prevent- ingMifchiefs happening by Fire, a Penalty of Five Pounds is inflicted upon the Head Builder, Matter Bul c*

Bricklayer, or Workmen, who should neglect to build every House thereafter to be built according to the Directions of the said Act$: And whereas, since the patting of the said Acts, there has been 1 a very great Increase of Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, and many of the Houses so built are not in every Respect built according to the Directions of the said recited Acts, whereby the several Owners and Head Builders thereof have incurred the said Penalties, and several Periods are in- formed against, and are n^w under Pmfecution for the same: And whereas such First Owners,

Head Builders, Matter Bricklayers, or Workmen of such Houses are willing and desirous to make the same conformable to this Act be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, is and are now depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, against any such Owner,

Head Builder, Master Bricklayer, or Workmen, for not having built such House conformable to the Directions of the said Acts, it shall and may be lawful for the Court where the same shall be respectively brought, and such Court is hereby required, a,uthorised, and impowered, on the Application of fut h Defendant or Defendants, to make a Rule for the Plaintiff or Informer in such Action, Bill, Plaint,

Suit, or Information, to fee forth the particular Defect or Irregularity complained of in the building such House or Houses; and if such Defendant or Defendants shall thereupon enter into an Agreement for making good the Irregularities and Defers so complained of, and rendering the building of such Houses conformable to the Direction of this A Cl, within a certain Time to be specified in such Agreement, and shall be desirous that such Agreement should be made a Rule of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, that then such Agreement being so made, shall and may, upon producing an Affidavit of the Execution thereof by the Witnesses thereunto, or any of them, in the Court of which the same is agreed to be made a Rule, and reading and filing the said Affidavit in Court, be entered of Record in «re hereby rea-fjch Court, and a Rule shall thereupon be made by such Court, that such Defendant or Defendants^re^c®?for?r‘i' (h.dl, v\ ithin a certain Time to be limited and specified in such Rule, make good the Defects and Ir- *c 1 ct* regularities complained of, and render the building of such House or Houses conformable to the Direction of this A Cl; and that such Defendant or Defendants shall moreover pay such Cotts as the said Court shall di ect and award: And also it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Information or Informations as aforesaid is or are now depending, and such Justice iiiid Justices of the Ptace are hereby required, authoris'd, and impowered, on the Application of any Full Owner, H ad Builder, Matter Bricklayer, or Workmen against whom such Informs: ion or Informations shall be given and laid, to accept and receive such Agreement to make good the DcftCts and Irregularities complained of, and to render the Buildings of such Houses conformable to the Directions of this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for, and such Just,c.e?to.,5*~ Court and Justices of the Peace is and are hereby required, authoriLd, and impowered, on such First fons for Penahie* Owner, Head Builder, Matter Bricklayer, or Workmen, making appear to them respectively that the incurred byfor-Defects and Irregularities complained of are made good, and the building of such House or Houses ren- merAcis. dered conformable to the Dmdtion of this Act, according to his or their Agreement entered into for that Purpose, to indemnify, fi\e, and disch.rgc every such Defendant and Defendants of, from, and against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of not having originally built such Pacty Walls pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts, or for or by reason of any other Defedi or Irregularity, whereby such Houses are otherwise built than pursuant to such Directions; any Thing in the said Acts contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be con- Prorifo. strued to extend, to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been given in any Action of Debt, B>11, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred, by having negkdied to make any such Party Walls, or in any other respect to build such Houses pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts of the Fourth and Sixth Years of His present Ivlaj tty.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall For allowing an think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Conviction, Commitment, Distress, Order or Judg- Ap?ca* rr.ent of any Justice or Justices of the Peace made by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the City of London and Liberties thereof, the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, the City and Liberty of Westminster, or the Liberies of His Majesty's Tower of London, (as the Calc shall be), which shall be holden next after such Conviction, Commitment, Distress, Order, or judgment, who shall proceed to hear and determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal upon Oath, (which Oath or Oaths they are hereby impowered to alministerj, and award such Cotts to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper; and the Order, Judgment, and Determination, of the Lid Justices, in their said respective Session,.shall be binding, final, and condusive to all Parties, without any Appeal from the same.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or provif». Persons so intending to appeal, shall, immediately after such Conviction, Commitment, Distress, Order, or Judgment, if he shall be required so to do, or within Two Days at the farthest, enter into a Recognizance before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try

fir.h

652

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Former Act« so far at respect Party Walls, regulating of Buildings, preventing Mischiefs by Fire, &c. repealed.

---

652 C. 73. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Sessions respectively.

[Limitation of Actions.]

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days after Notice in Writing of any Intention to bring such Action or Suit shall be given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced, nor after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit, the Cause or Occasion whereof shall arise within the said City of London, or the Liberties thereof, shall be laid and tried in the said City of London, and not elsewhere; and every such Action or Suit, the Cause or Occasion whereof shall arise in any Part of the Limits aforesaid, out of the said City of London, and Liberties thereof, shall be laid and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence,

---

at any Trial or Trials which shall be hud thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for, or on which such Action or Suit shall be brought, was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before the Expiration of Twenty-one Days Notice to be given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or of any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time herein for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury, in every such Action or Suit, shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any such Action or Suit, shall become non-suited, or shall discontinue or suffer a Discontinuance of any such Action or Suit; or if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers, in any such Action or Suit, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, the Defendant or Defendants, shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in other Cases by Law.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, (intituled, An Act for re~

building the City ^London), as relates to regulating Buildings and Party Walls; and an Act made in the ’ Sixth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, (intituled, An Act for the better preventing Mischiefs that may happen by Fire)\ also an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act made in the Sixth Year of Her Majesty's Reign* for the better preventing ff Mischiefs that may happen by Fire) 5 also so much of an Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King (ieorge the First, (intituled, An Act for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and other Places therein mentioned), as relates to regulating Buildings and Party Walls 5 also so much of an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes% and Pa [[ages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned), as relates to the regulating of Buildings, and Party Wall, and preventing Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, also so much of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned)* as relates to the regulating of Buildings and Party Walls, and preventing Mischiefs happening by Fire; also so much of an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes* and Passages within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned), as relates to the regulating of Buildings and Party Walls; also of another Act made in the said Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned)y as relates to the regulating of Buildings and Party Walls, and preventing Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

---

[Publick Act.]

XLVII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

THE

Statutes at large,

Anno duodecimo GEORGII III. Regis,

Being the FIFTH Session of the

THIRTEENTH PARLIAMENT of GREAT BRITAIN.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of George III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 12 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to continue and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time.

2. An Act to continue for a further Time an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

5. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore.

6. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

7. An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking of the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Single Teas consumed in Great Britain; and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company as is therein mentioned, for permitting the Exportation of Teas in smaller Quantities than One Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in America; and for preventing Teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain; and for settling certain Doubts and Disputes which have arisen upon the said Act of Parliament.

8. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for Paving, Lighting, and Watching the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town.

9. An Act to enable the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to borrow upon Bonds further Money, upon account of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level; and for establishing a further certain Fund, for Payment of the Bonds of the said Corporation, out of the said Middle and South Levels.

10. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

11. An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family.

12. An Act for further continuing Two Acts made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty's Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty's Dominions in America.

13. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March) One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

14. An Act for Clearing, Depthening, Repairing, Maintaining, and Improving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for Depthening, and making more Navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire.

15. An Act for Lighting, Cleansing, and Watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, of the Burgh of Canongate, and the Liberties of Pleasance and Leith Wynd, adjoining to the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh,

16. An Act for Deepening, Cleansing, Scouring, Preserving, and Maintaining, the Harbour of Port Glasgow, for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting new Breasts, Jettees, and Piers; and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into and going out of the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An Act for Lighting such Part of the Town of Islington as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex; and for establishing a regular Nightly Watch therein.

18. An Act for the better Paving, Cleansing, Lighting, and Watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

19. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Houses in Fenchurch Street, and Addle Street, in the City of London, escheated to the Crown by the Death of Lieutenant-general John Brown, without Heir, unto Frederick Montagu Esquire, and his Heirs upon the Trusts therein mentioned.

20. An Act for the more effectual proceeding against Persons standing mute on their Arraignment for Felony, or Piracy.

21. An Act for giving Relief in Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus for the Admission of Freemen into Corporations; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An Act for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Ayr; for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers; for erecting Docks, Breasts, Jettees, and Piers; and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into and going out of the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for indemnifying the Marshal of the King's Bench Prison from Prosecutions at Law, for certain Escapes from the said Prison.

24. An Act for the better securing and preserving His Majesty's Dock Yards, Magazines, Ships, Ammunition, and Stores.

25. An Act for the more effectual vesting in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Naval Officers, Seamen, and Marines, in Prizes taken from the Enemy; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act for Imbanking, Draining, and Preserving certain Fen Lards and Low Grounds in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon; and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, Fenwick, Wimblington, and Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called Vermuyden's, or The Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey.

27. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual draining and preserving of several Fen Lands and Field Lands, tn the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, so far as the same relates to the several Fen and Field Lands lying in the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts, described in the said Act.

28. An Act to enlarge the Cosmetery or Church-yard, of the Parish of Watford, in the County of Hertford, and to make an additional Building to the present Workhouse, for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

29. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and removing certain Light-houses now standing near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber; and for erecting other fit and convenient Light-houses in stead thereof

30. An Act for the further Augmentation of the Salaries of the Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales,

31. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped, and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

32. An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty's Colonies in America, for a limited Time.

33. An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, and Indian Corn, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

34. An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Work-house in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex.

35. An Act for enabling Their Majesties to enfranchise of Lands holden of the Manor of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and for enabling His Majesty to shut up a Lane leading from Richmond Green to the River Thames, and to sell and exchange certain Lands within the Manors of Richmond and Wimbleton.

36. An Act for completing a Building intended for a new Church or Chapel at Richmond, near Everton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other Purposes.

37. An Act for draining and preserving certain Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, in the Parish of Market Weighton and other adjacent Parishes in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from Market Weighton to the River Humber.

38. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Parish of Christ Church, in Middlesex; and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish.

39. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loins or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

40. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel; for making a Cosmetery or Church-yard; and for building a House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

41. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, near the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks.

42. An Act for settling and determining what Parts of the Precinct of the Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, shall be under the Survey of the Court of Exchequer, and what Parts thereof under the Survey of the Duchy of Lancaster.

43. An Act for vesting Ely House, in Holbourn, in His Majesty, His Heirs and Sucessors, and for applying the Purchase money, with another Sum therein mentioned, in the purchasing of a Freehold Piece of Ground in Dover Street, and in the building and fitting up another House thereon, for the future Residence of the Bishops of Ely, and the Surplus to the Benefit of the See; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

44. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Reversion or Remainder in Fee-simple, now vested in His Majesty, of and in an Annual or Fee-farm Rent of One hundred and thirteen Pounds, One of the several Fee-farm Rents granted to the Right Honourable Edward, heretofore Earl of Sandwich, by His late Majesty King Charles the Second, unto the Honourable James Archibald Stewart, and His Heirs, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be given by him, or his Heirs, for the same.

45. An Act for the better Regulation of Carters, Carriages, and loaded Horses; and for removing Obstructions and Nuisances upon the Streets and Highways within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

46. An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenues of Excise, with respect to Tea, Soap, Low Wines, and Spirits.

47. An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, and for making Provision for discharging Bankrupts, in certain Casse from their imprisonment.

48. An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Stamp Duties, upon Vellum, Parchment, Paper, and Cards.

49. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp-duties upon Policies of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp-duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coachrs and Chairs; so far as the same relates to Hackney Coaches.

50. An Act for the encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time.

51. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain.

52. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to order and allow, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum therein mentioned, for the Expences of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy, over and above the Sum yearly allowed for that Service.

53. An Act to enable the Lords of the Treasury to discharge the Executors of Lady Anne Jekyll from a Debt due to His Majesty, for the Use of the Sinking Fund, upon Payment of the same into the Exchequer.

54. An Act for the more effectually securing a Quantity of Oak Timber for the Use of the Royal Navy.

55. An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses, in relation to the Trade carried on between Great Britain and Ireland.

56. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland; and to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in America.

57. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Establishment of Lazarets.

58. An Act for the further Encouragement of the Herring Fishery on the Coasts of the Isle of Man; and for obviating a Doubt which has arisen with respect to the allowing the Bounties upon the British White Herring Fishery, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

59. An Act for vesting in His Majesty certain Hereditaments at Richmond, in the County of Surrey, belonging to Catharine Viscountess Fitzwilliam, and held by Lease from the Crown; and for vesting the Freehold and Inheritance of certain Leasehold and of Hereditaments at Richmond aforesaid in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust for the said Catharine Viscountess Fitzwilliam, as a Part of the Compensation for the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

60. An Act for granting a Drawback of Part of the Customs upon the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America; for altering the Drawback upon foreign Sugars exported from Great Britain to Ireland; for continuing the Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; for allowing the Importation of Rice from the British Plantations into the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, and Whitehaven, for immediate Exportation to foreign Parts; and to impower the Chief Magistrate of any Corporation to administer the Oath, and grant the Certificate required by Law, upon the Removal of certain Goods to London, which have been sent into the Country for Sale.

61. An Act to regulate the making, keeping, and Carriage of Gunpowder, within Great Britain; and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of those Purposes.

62. An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, to raise a competent Sum of Money, to be applied for the repairing, improving, or rebuilding, such Part of Tyne Bridge as belongs to the See of Durham.

63. An Act for redeeming One Million five hundred thousand Pounds of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery.

64. An Act for building Two new Chapels, and providing Burial Places thereto, within the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

65. An Act to extinguish the Right of Common upon an Acre of Ground called White Lyon, or Hangman's Acre in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey.

66. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough and Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester.

67. An Act for Incorporating the Members of a Society, commonly called The Marine Society, and their Successors, to be elected as therein is mentioned, and for the better impowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs.

68. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, which is in the County of Middlesex; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and open Passages and Places, within the same; and for removing Annoyances therefrom; and for making the Communication between Charter-house Square and Saint John Street, through Charter-house Lane, more convenient.

69. An Act for Paving, Lighting, Cleansing Watering, and Watching the Streets and other publick Places within such Part of The Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the West Side of Tottenham-court Road; and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein; and for obliging the Trustees for the Care of the said Road to pave, repair, and cleanse such Part of the said Road as is therein described.

PUBLICK ACTS continued in Volume II. intituled, ROAD ACTS.

70. An act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Order lost, burnt, or destroyed.

71. An act for the repealing several Laws therein mentioned against Badgers, Ingrossers, Forstallers, and Regrators, and for indemnifying Persons against Prosecutions for Offences committed against the said Acts.

72. An act for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the Diligence of the Law by Arrestment and Pointing, and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for limiting Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

73. An act for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone and Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better preventing of Mischiefs by Fire within the said Cities, Liberties, Parishes, Precincts, and Places; and for amending and reducing the Laws relating thereto into One Act; and for other Purposes.

PUBLICK ACTS continued in Volume II. intituled, ROAD ACTS.

74. An act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcomb Corner in the Parish of Witerslow to Harnham Bridge in the County of Wilts; and from the West Corner of Saint Ann's Street in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Land ford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing; and from Land ford aforesaid, through Ower and Testwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Rumsey and Ringwood Turnpike Road, near to the House of Francis Fry, to Lindhurst; and from a Place called Hamston Ford, to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southampton; and for repairing the Footways within the said City.

75. An act for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlewich and Nantwich, in the County of Chester.

76. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act for Repairing and Widening the Road from the City of Norwich to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk.

77. An act to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, "for Repairing and Widening the Stone Bridge, in the Town of Shrewsbury;" and for appropriating Part of the Tolls collected upon certain Roads leading to the said Bridge towards finishing the same; and for granting additional Term to the several Acts for Repairing the said Roads.

78. An act for Repairing and Widening several Roads from Aldermaston, in the County, of Berks, to Basingstoke, and from Aldermaston aforesaid to the Turnpike Road from Basingstoke to Andover, at or near Worting, and to the Turnpike Road leading to Winchester at Popham Lane, in the County of Southampton.

79. An act for the more effectual Addling and Collecting of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor in the Parish of Saint Botolph, Bishopsgate, in the Liberties of the City of London.

80. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmonds to the Town of Newmarket, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge; and from the South End of the perry Street, in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County of Suffolk.

81. An act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for Improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lune, and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

82. An act for Repairing and Widening several Roads leading through the County of Lanark, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called the Howford, in the said County.

83. An act to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Queen's Ferry, through the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross to the Town of Perth; and also the Road from the said Queen's Ferry to the Towns of Dumfermline, Torryburn, and Culross; and also the Road from the said Queen's Ferry, through Inverkeithing, to Burntisland and Kirkcaldie.

84. An act to continue and render more effectual several Acts for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and also for repairing the Road from the End of the Town of Hertford to Amwell End near Ware, in the said County of Hertford.

85. An act for Repairing and Widening the Road from the End of the Present Turnpike Road from Besselsleigh to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, to Leckford otherwise Soulsey Water, in the County of Wilts.

86. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening, the Road from the Guildhall in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherrybrook, and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwellham and New Quay, in the said county.

87. An act for building a Bridge cross the River Ure, from Great Ouseborn to Aldwork, in the County of York.

88. An act to continue and render more effectual Two several Acts for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Line, and Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester.

89. An act to continue and render more effectual several Acts for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford; and from the Sign of the White Horse to the Sign of the King's Arms in Hockcliffe aforesaid; and also for making Provision for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from the Sign of the Waggon and Horses to the Bull Inn in Dunstable aforesaid.

90. An act for Repairing and Widening the Road from the West End of Saint Ives Lane, in the Town of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of Cambridge.

91. An act for Repairing and Widening the Road from the Warwick Road near Solihull, to the Guide Post in Kenilworth; and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road on Balsall Common, in the County of Warwick.

92. An act to continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Swift's Den, in the Parish of Etchingham, and from Frant to Pessingworth Great Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to Black Boys, in the County of Sussex.

93. An act for Repairing and Widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of Dunford, in the County of Devon, to Cherrybrook, in the Forest of Dartmore, in the said County.

94. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset; and several other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts.

95. An act for Repairing and Amending the Road from Beerstreet Gates, in the City of Norwich to New Buckengham, in the County of Norfolk.

96. An act for Repairing, Widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Burlton, in the County of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymynech in the same County, and from Knockin to the East End of the Llanriader Road, and from Place Carrick Lane to the Turnpike Road from Llanymynech to Oswestry near Cold Issa Mountain, and from Oswestry Turnpike Road on Knockin Heath to the East End of Knockin Lane.

97. An act for Repairing and Widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Berwick at or near Banghouse Walls to Compton's Lanes, and Eymouth, and from the Town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from Whitelaw Muir to Compton's Lanes, in the County of Berwick.

98. An act for Repairing and Widening the Road leading from the East End of the Bridge across the River Ouze, in Downham Market to the Queen's Head; and from the Chequer Inn in Downham Market aforesaid, to the East End of the Two Mile Close, in the Parish of Barton and towards Watton, to a Place called The Devil's Ditch, in the County of Norfolk; and for stopping up the Road leading from Stradset through Barton Lyes, towards Watton.

99. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second for Repairing and Widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex.

100. An act for building a Temporary Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and Gateshead in the County of Durham.

101. An act to Continue the Term, and vary the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sutton Coldfield Common, and several other Roads therein described, in the County of Stafford as relates to the Wolverhampton District of Roads.

102. An act for Repealing certain Provisions in Two Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to repairing the Highways in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; and for raising Money for repairing the said Highways.

103. An act for the better Preservation of the Great Bank of the River Welland, from Spalding High Bridge, through Cowhit Peakill, Crowland, and Peakirk, and for making and keeping in Repair a Road thereon, and from thence to the Village of Glenton, in the Counties of Lincoln and Northampton.

104. An act to explain and amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Besselsleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of Berks; and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts; and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to The Old Red House upon Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lambourn, in the said County of Berks.

105. An act for Amending, Widening, and Altering the Roads leading from Crickhowel, in the County of Brecon, to the Cross Hands, beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and Ross, and from a Place called The Lower Cross Ways, in the Parish of Saint Maughans, to the Town of Grosmount, in the County of Monmouth; and from a Smith’s Shop at Stanton, in the Parish of Llanvihangell, to Chapel a Fine, in the same County; and from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Welsh Newton, in the County of Hereford, to Ponttanast, in the Parish of Cluddock, in the said County.

106. An act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of so much of Two Acts made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, as relates to that Part of the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton, which leads through the County to the Town of Dumbarton.

107. An act for Repairing and Widening the Road from the Forty-eighth Mile-stone, in the Parish of Cardington, in the present Turnpike Road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Bardford Bridge; and for continuing a Road from thence to the Great Northern Road, near Temsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford.

108. An act for Repairing and Widening the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfeld to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton.

109. An act for making and keeping in Repair a Road or Passage for Horses, on the Banks of the River, Severn, between Bewdley Bridge and a Place called The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrookdale, for hailing and drawing Vessels along the said River; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

110. An act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bilson; and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to King Swinford; and to the further End of Brittel Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 12 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for naturalizing Diederick Meyerhoss.

2. An Act for naturalizing John Poel.

3. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Gentil.

4. An Act for naturalizing Francis Darius Laudumiey.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish North Crawley, in the County of Bucks.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Clareton with Coneystrop, and a Piece of Waste Ground, called Shortfill, in the manor of Allerton with Flaxby, in the County of York.

7. An Act to enable Henry Peyton Esquire (lately called Henry Dashwood) and his Issue, to use the Surname and Arms of Peyton, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Peyton Baronet, deceased.

8. An Act for naturalizing Peter Lewis De la Rive and Francis Menet.

9. An Act for naturalizing James Samuel Jequier.

10. An Act for Sale of a Capital Freehold Messuage in Saint James' Square, in the Right Honourable Allen Lord Bathurst, unto Sir Watkin Williams Wynne Baronet, pursuant to an Agreement; and for settling an Estate in the County of Northampton, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

11. An Act for annulling and making void certain Articles of Agreement, made previous and in order to the Marriage of George Wilson Esquire, and Anne Sybelle, his now Wife, and the Settlement made after their Marriage, in pursuance of the said Articles, in Confirmation of a Decree and Order of the High Court of Chancery.

12. An Act for establishing and regulating a Charity, called Foxley Charity, in the County of Northampton, founded by Lady Catharine Leveson.

13. An Act for inclosing the Common Fields, Break Lands, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Roundham, in the County of Norfolk.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the parish of Skeffington, and County of Leicester.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures and Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Fincham, in the County of Norfolk.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Great Ormside, in the Parish of Ormside, in the County of Westmorland.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Township of Scaftworth, in the County of Nottingham.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Woolley, in the County of Huntingdon.

19. An Act for allotting, dividing and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, of and within the Manor of Little Kington, Combrooke and Brookehampton, in the County of Warwick.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Moors, or Commons, called Rigg Moor and Brearton Moor, within the Manor of Brearton, in the Parish of Knaresborough, in the County of York.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Denshanger, in the Parish of Passenham, in the County of Northampton.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Commonable Places in the Parish of Handborough, in the County of Oxford.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Liberties of Soulbury, with the Hamlet of Hollindon, in the County of Bucks.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Rushton James, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Moorby cum Wilksby, in the Townships of Moorby and Wilksby, in the County of Lincoln.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds and Stinted Pasture, within the Manor of Sand ford, in the Parish of Warcop, in the County of Westmoreland.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Buxton, in the Parish of Bakewell, and County of Derby.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields within the Parish of Manton, in the County of Rutland.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish, Lordship or Liberties of Low Toynton, in the County of Lincoln.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Common Field and Commonable Lands, in the Township, Liberties and Precincts of Epwell, in the County of Oxford.

31. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting, the Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands and Meadow Ground within the Manor and Parish of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures and Grounds within the Parish of Cavanham, in the County of Suffolk.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Moors and Common Pastures, in the Lordship of Middle Raisin, in the County of Lincoln.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields and Waste Grounds within the Township of Follifoot, in the County of York.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Stainby, in the County of Lincoln.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Quinton, in the County of Gloucester.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and all other Commonable Lands, within the Precincts of the Hamlet of Throckmorton, in the County of Worcester.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Arable Fields, and the Common Meadows, Pasture Grounds, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Pollington, Baln, Whitley and Whitley Thorpe, Great Heck and Little Heck, in the Parishes of Snaith and Kellington, in the County of York.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Hammeringham, in the County of Lincoln.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Stapleford, in the County of Leicester.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Kemerton, in the County of Gloucester.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor, called Carlton Moor, or Common, and an Open Field, called The Town Field, in the Manor and Township of Carlton, in the Parish of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

43. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right Honourable Edward Viscount Ligonier with Penelope Pitt; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

44. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir John Colleton Baronet, with Ann Fullford, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Hugh Lewis with Susannah Hale otherwise Heale, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

46. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Ambrose Godfrey Hanckwitz, with Dorothy Ashcroft, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry him again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

47. An Act for making the Exemplification of the Last Will and Testament of James Macartney Esquire, deceased, Evidence in all the Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

48. An Act to enable Mary and William Hutton, and the other Persons therein described, to take and use the Surname, Arms and Crest of Long, pursuant to the Will of James Long, deceased.

49. An Act to enable Reginald Pole Esquire, to take, use and bear the Surname and Arms of Carew, pursuant to the Will of Sir Coventry Carew Baronet, deceased.

50. An Act for naturalizing Arnold Meyer, Peter Boetefeur, John Gotthelf Rucker and John Adam Guth.

51. An Act for naturalizing John Luke Iselin.

52. An Act for naturalizing Conrad Rucker.

53. An Act for raising, out of the Estates late of Ann Nugent deceased, the Sum of 10,000l. for the Benefit of the Right Honourable Robert Craggs Lord Viscount Clare in the Kingdom of Ireland, her late Husband; and for raising out of the Estates late of Elizabeth Elliot deceased, the like Sum of 1,000l. for the Benefit of Edward Elliot Esquire, in recompence and satisfaction to the said Robert Lord Viscount Clare and Edward Elliot, for their severally consenting to give up and relinquish certain Powers of leasing for Lives, or Years determinable on Lives, reserved to them respectively, in and by the several Last Wills of them the said Ann Nugent and Elizabeth Elliot, and the Settlement which have been made in pursuance thereof; and for vacating, annulling and extinguishing the said Powers of Leasing; and for other the Purposes therein expressed.

54. An Act for granting to William Jones Esquire, on certain Contingencies therein mentioned, a Term for Ninety nine Years, if he shall so long live, in the Real Estates, late of William Jones Esquire, deceased, in the several Counties of Wilts and Berks, upon such Terms as are therein mentioned.

55. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements, in the County of Southampton, late the Estate of John Mills Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof towards discharging his Debts and Legacies.

56. An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold Estates of Edward Holden Cruttendon Esquire, deceased, in the Parishes of Putney and Roehampton, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees for the Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Authorities given to George Fieschi Heneage Esquire, by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds within the Parish of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln, to charge certain Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Manor of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln, of which he is now strict Tenant for Life, with a certain Sum of Money, for reimbursing to him the Expences which he has been at in the inclosing the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons and Common Grounds, within the Hamlet of Barleythorpe, in the Parish of Oakham, in the County of Rutland.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Kingsnorton, in the County of Worcester.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Ockbrook, in the County of Derby.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands and Waste Grounds within the Township of Welton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

62. An Act for dividing, inclosing and draining a certain Parcel of Land, called or known by the Name of The Cow Pasture, lying in the South Fen, in the Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln; and for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for allotting, dividing, inclosing and draining several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste and Fen Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln.

63. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Sigglestorne, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

64. An Act for draining the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes, Townships and Places of Keyingham, Keyingham Marsh, Ryhill and Camerton, Burstwick and Skeckling, Burton Pidsea and Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halsham, Owstwick, Rooss, Rimswell, Turstall, Waxholme, Elstenwick, Lelley, Humbelton, Fitling, Hilston, Garton, Albrogh, Flinton and Tansterne within the Seigniory of Holderness, and East Riding of the County of York.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing such Part of the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Tardebigg, as lies in the County of Worcester.

66. An Act for allotting, dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the Manor of Warwick, in the County of Warwick.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons, within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Bampton, in the County of Huntingdon.

68. An Act to confirm and establish an Indenture of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Great Pounton, in the County of Lincoln; and for dividing and inclosing several other Common Fields, Heath and Waste Grounds, in the same Manor and Parish.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Welton, in the County of Lincoln.

70. An Act for inclosing the Open Common Fields, and a Common of Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Parishes of Kemble and Pool, in the County of Wilts.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands and Grounds, in the Lordship of West Halton, in the County of Lincoln.

72. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Draper with Elizabeth Hartnell, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

73. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Skinn with Ann Skinn, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

74. An Act for naturalizing Henry Francis Sellon.

75. An Act for naturalizing John Bousquet.

76. An Act for naturalizing John Louis Lautier.

77. An Act for naturalizing Jaques Louis Pourtalés.

78. An Act for vesting in the Most Noble Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, and his Heirs, the Manor, or reputed Manor, and Rectory and Parsonage Appropriate, of Potterspury otherwise Eastpury, in the County of Northampton, (except the Presentation to the Advowson to the Church there) and certain Messuages, Lands, Tithes and Hereditaments, situate and arising in the same County, the Estate of Robert Brydges Esquire, a Lunatick; and for vesting in Thomas Hancox Esquire, and his Heirs, a certain Wood and Wood Land, called Darwell otherwise Dowell Wood, in the County of Gloucester, also the Estate of the said Lunatick, on Payment, by the said Duke and Thomas Hancox, of their respective Purchase Money, in such manner, and for such purposes, as in the said Act is mentioned.

79. An Act for vesting the legal Estate and Interest of and in certain Freehold Lands at Adderbury, in the County of Oxford, now vested in Charles Townshend Esquire, an Infant Trustee, in the Most Noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh, and his Heirs, and in certain Copyhold Lands in Kenneth Mackenzie Esquire, and his Heirs, in Trust for the said Duke, and his Heirs.

80. An Act to enable the Right Honourable John Earl of Sandwich, and the Honourable John Montagu, commonly called Lord Viscount Hinchinbrook, and the Survivor of them, to grant Leases of the Countess of Sandwich's Moiety of Estates in the Counties of Ardmagh and Limerick, in the Kingdom of Ireland.

81. An Act to impower certain Persons to enfranchise several Customary Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the several Manors of Brampton, Farlam, Upper Denton, Nether Denton, Talkin, Irthington, Laversdale, Newby, Askerton, Warton, Wood, Troddermain, Hayton cum Witton, Carlatton Castle, Carrock, Cumrew, Blackenthwate and Newbiggin, within the Barony, or reputed Barony of Gilslana, in the County of Cumberland, late the Estate of Henry Earl of Carlisle, deceased, and settled to certain Uses by the Will of the said Henry Earl of Carlisle; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

82. An Act for vesting in Sir George Colebrooke Baronet, and his Heirs, so much of the Manor of Lordship of Stebunheath otherwise Stebunhith otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the Estate of the said Sir George Colebrooke, as is limited and settled in and by an Act of Parliament; which passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof; and also for vesting other settled Estates of the said Sir George Colebrooke, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

83. An Act to enable Trustees, with the Consent of the Persons claiming under the Will of Edward Shelley Esquire, to cut down and sell Timber, upon the settled Estates of the said Edward Shelley, in the County of Sussex; and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, and other Purposes.

84. An Act to enable the Governors, and Assistants to the said Governors, in the Rule and Government of the said Possessions, Revenues and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of Elizabeth Queen of England, in the Town of Asheburne, in the County of Derby, in their Corporate Capacity; and the said Governors and Assistants, as Trustees of Six Alms Houses in Asheburne aforesaid, founded and endowed by Christopher Pegg Esquire, deceased; to convey certain Lands and Possessions of the said School and Alms Houses respectively, in the Parishes of Wingerworth and Ashover, in the said County, to Henry Gladwin, of Wingerworth, in the said County, Esquire, in Exchange for other Lands, in the Parish of Brailsford, in the said County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by them respectively, to the Uses and upon the Trusts therein mentioned.

85. An Act for impowering and enabling the Trustees named in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Daniel Danvers Esquire, and Mary his Wife, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, to make Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, vested in them upon divers Trusts, mentioned in the said Settlement; and to lay out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in such manner as the said Leasehold Estates stand settled.

86. An Act for vesting a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, in Lothbury, within the City of London, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing another Messuage or Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

87. An Act for vesting the settle Estate of William Halhead Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in Trustees, in Trust to sell and convey the same to James King Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purposes; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

88. An Act for enabling Henry Blundell Esquire, Tenant for Life under Settlement, to carry into Execution Articles of Agreement between him and the Right Honourable the Earl of Sefton, for the Exchange of divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, comprised in such Settlement, for other Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments of the said Earl; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

89. An Act to enable the Guardians of the Infant Children of the Honourable Mary Sandys, deceased, to make Leases of their settled Estates in England and Ireland, during their respective Minorities.

90. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estate of Henry Smith Esquire, deceased, to apply certain Sums of Money to the Relief of his poor Kindred, and to enable the said Trustees to grant Building Leases of an Estate, in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea and Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

91. An Act to impower William Hulton Esquire, to charge his settled Estates in the County of Lancaster, or some Parts thereof, with One thousand two hundred Pounds, and Three thousand Pounds, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and also to grant Leases of certain Parts of his said Estates.

92. An Act for vesting the Manors, Lands and Tenements, both Freehold and Leasehold, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Baldwyn Esquire, in Trustees to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses which are now subsisting with regard to the said Freehold settled Estate.

93. An Act for vesting the settled Estates, and unsettled Estates, of John Gardner Kemys Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust, by Sale or Mortgage, to raise Money to pay off Portions and Debts, and redeem Annuities charged upon and affecting the same; and for resettling the Remainder thereof, and the Lands to be purchased as in the said Act is directed, to the Uses to which the said settled Estates do now stand settled and limited.

94. An Act to vest in the Trustees named in the Will of Francis Basset Esquire, deceased, such like Powers of leasing and granting Setts of, and on the Estates comprised in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of John Pendarves Basset Esquire, deceased, as by the said Settlement were given to the Trustees therein named.

95. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of Elizabeth Pearce, Widow, deceased, and William Hall Esquire, otherwise Pearce, her eldest Son, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Portions of her younger Children, and other Incumbrances; and for settling other Parts of her Estates to the same Uses; and for other Purposes.

96. An Act for making a Partition of divers Manors, Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments in the several Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Surrey and Middlesex, in the City of London; and of Four fifth Parts or Shares of a Plantation in the Island of Barbadoes, in the West Indies; and of Two Shares in the New River Water Works; and of an annual Rent of One thousand Pounds issuing out of the Revenues of the Post Office, devised by the Will of Thomas Walker Esquire, deceased; and also of the Manor and divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Suffolk, Essex and Gloucester, comprised in the Settlements executed upon the Marriage of Stephen Skynner Esquire, deceased; and also of divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Suffolk, Essex and Surrey, devised by the Will of the said Stephen Skynner, between the several Persons intitled to the said Estates, according to their respective Interests therein.

97. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Stoke Prior, in the County of Worcester.

98. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting, the Open Fields, Common Pastures and other Uninclosed Grounds within the Township of Would Newton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Gunley, in the County of Leicester.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in the Liberties, Territories and Precincts of Astrop, in the Parishes of King Sutton and Newbottle, in the County of Northampton.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commons and Waste Lands, and a stinted Pasture, called The Cow Pasture, in the Parish of Ackworth, in the County of York.

102. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and draining the Open Fields, Common Pastures and Moors or Commons, in the Township and Parish of Terrington, in the North Riding of the County of York.

103. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Heath otherwise Hethe, in the County of Oxford, and for exonerating certain Lands belonging to William Fermer Esquire, from Tithes and Right of Common.

104. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Shilton, in the County of Warwick.

105. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds and other Commonable Lands within the Parish of Thorpe Achurch, in the County of Northampton.

106. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in Aldwinckle in the County of Northampton.

107. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Grounds, Common Pastures and other Commonable Places, in the Township of Blockley, and Hamlets of Draycot and Paxford, in the Parish of Blockley, and County of Worcester.

108. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Eastleach Therville, in the County of Gloucester.

109. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish and Manor of Kings Ripton, in the County of Huntingdon.

110. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands and Waste Grounds, of, within and belonging to the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Wing, in the County of Rutland.

111. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, and certain other Commonable Places and Open Fields, within the Parish of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

112. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, Open Fields and certain other Commonable Places, belonging to, and in the Parish of Wigtoft, in the County of Lincoln.

113. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, Common Marsh and other Commonable Places within the Parish of Sutterton, in the County of Lincoln.

114. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, called Hamsteels Moor, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham.

115. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Laneham, in the County of Nottingham.

116. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Collier Esquire, with Christiana Gwyn, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

117. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Cazenove.

118. An Act for naturalizing Paul Pourtalés and Francis Gabriel Charles Muller.

119. An Act to enable the Most Noble William Duke of Devonshire to grant Reversionary Leases of his Leasehold Estate, in the Parish of Saint James Westminster, in the County of Middlesex.

120. An Act for discharging divers Manors, Rectories, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Rents and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of the Right Honourable John Earl Spencer, comprised in, and settled by the last Will and Testament, and Codicil thereto, of the Most Noble Sarah late Duchess Dowager of Marlborough, deceased, and by certain Conveyances executed in pursuance thereof, from the Uses and Trusts declared by the said Will, Codicil and Conveyances; and for settling other Manors, Rectories, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes and Hereditaments of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

121. An Act for vesting the Manor of East Lavant, and divers Messuages and Lands, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Sussex, intailed by the Will of the Right Honourable Mary late Countess Dowager of Derby, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

122. An Act to vest in Trustees, to be sold, certain Estates, in the Counties of York, Westmoreland and Lancashire, which belonged to Ann Fenwick Widow, before her intermarriage; and for the Relief of the said Ann Fenwick, in such manner as in the said Act is mentioned.

123. An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments in Weeting, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the settled Estate of Philip Champion Crespigny Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money to arise by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as said Premises in Weeting now stand limited.

124. An Act for vesting certain Estates, belonging to the Drapers Company of the City of London, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, freed and discharged from certain Charities, to which the same are subject; and for vesting other Estates, belonging to the said Governor and Company of the Bank, in the said Company of Drapers, subject to the before mentioned Charities.

125. An Act to vest in Walter Lloyd Esquire, and others, a small Quantity of Ground, Parcel of the Glebe of the Rectory of Manerdivy, in the County of Pembroke, in Consideration of a certain yearly Rent thereby secured; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

126. An Act for the Sale of certain Messuages, Tenements, Lands, Hereditaments and Premises, in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, Part of the settled Estate of John Bullock Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

127. An Act to enable John Rolle Esquire, and Judith Maria Walrond, Spinster, to make Settlements on the Marriage intended between them, notwithstanding their respective Minorities.

128. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Humphry Minchin Esquire, in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to sell the same; and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in the Principality of Wales, to be settled to the same Uses.

129. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Estates, situate in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, upon Trust, to sell and dispose of the same, and invest the Monies arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to such of the Uses of the Will of William Wall, deceased, as are now subsisting.

130. An Act for Sale of One undivided Fourth Part of the Lands of Innerleith, lying in the County of Edinburgh, and of One undivided Fourth Part of the Lands of Darnchester, in the County of Berwick, being Parts of the entailed Estate of Colonel James Cathcart, deceased; and for purchasing other Lands and Estates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, upon the same Persons, and to the like Uses and Purposes.

131. An Act for giving further Powers to the Trustees named in a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower the Trustees of the Will of the late General Pulteney, and other Trustees appointed by this Act, to purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds in the Manor of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways to and from a free Bridge by them intended to be built over the River Avon, in the said County; and also to impower the Persons in Possession of the said Estate, for the time being, under the said Will, to grant Leases of certain Lands and Houses in the said Manor; and likewise to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds and Springs of Water within the said Manor of Bathwick, to the Mayor, Aldermen and Citizens of Bath; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor, Aldermen and Citizens, over Part of the said Manor of Bathwick; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Powers of Leasing given by the said Act to the Persons therein named; and for other Purposes.

132. An Act for re-investing divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, situate and being in the County of Stafford, late the Estate of Robert Barbor, deceased, in the several Persons now in being, and for such Estates, as they are severally intitled under the Will of the said Robert Barbor; and for enabling James Mayo and Charles Mayo to join in such Conveyances as shall be necessary for those Purposes.

133. An Act to impower James Batson and Edward Buckley Batson, Esquires, Testamentary Guardians of the Person and Estate of Edward Pery Buckley, an Infant, to grant Leases of the Estate of Pery Buckley, an Infant, to grant Leases of the Estate of Pery Buckley Esquire, deceased.

134. An Act for vesting a Messuage, called Highfield House, and divers Lands, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Gloucester, the settled Estates of Benjamin Jason Parrot Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed as therein mentioned; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

135. An Act for vesting divers Freehold, Copyhold and Leasehold Estates, late of Edmund Bunting, Elizabeth Bunting and Tomlinson Bunting, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Incumbrances and Legacies, charged upon, and affecting the same, and other the Purposes therein mentioned.

136. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Appleby, in the County of Westmorland.

137. An Act for inclosing, dividing, allotting and improving certain Common Woods and Moor Lands within the Borough and Parish of Wigmore, in the County of Hereford.

138. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Parcels of Arable and Pasture Grounds, in the Manor of Much Wenlock otherwise Wenlock Magna otherwise Great Wenlock, in the County of Salop.

139. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Northampton.

140. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs and Commonable Lands in the several Parishes of Letcomb Basset otherwise Upper Letcomb, and Childrey, in the County of Berks.

141. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and Open and Common Fields, within the Townships or Hamlets of Great and Little Stainton Newbiggin, and Great Blencow, in the Barony of Greystock, in the County of Cumberland.

142. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Charlton, in the Parishes of Newbottle and King's Sutton, or one of them in the County of Northampton.

143. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Moors within the Township of Royston, in the County of York.

144. An Act for vesting in William Russel, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, several Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Worcester, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, discharged from the Uses of the said Settlement; and for settling other Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, of the said William Russel, in the County of Warwick, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

145. An Act for inrolling in the Court of Chancery in Great Britain an Exemplification of the Will of Christopher Robinson, late of the Colony of Virginia, in America, deceased, to be made under the Provincial Seal of the said Colony; and for making Copies of such Inrolment Evidence in Great Britain, for enfranchising certain Copyhold Estates, late the Property of the said Christopher Robinson, in the County of York; and for making Satisfaction to the Prebendary of Dunington for the same; and for other Purposes.

653

THE

STATUTES at Large,

Anno Regni decimo tertio GEORGII III.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Tenth Day of May, Anno Domini One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, in the Eight Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Twenty-sixth Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; being the Sixth Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-flour, Rye, Rye-meal, Barley, Barley-meal, Oats, Oat meal, Pease, Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse from any Part of Europe or Africa, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-flour, Rye, Rye-meal, Barley, Barley-meal, Oats, Oat-meal, Pease, Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse, from any Part of Europe or Africa, into Great Britain, will be advantageous to this Kingdom: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted;' and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[

That it shall and may be lawful to and At any Time for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to import into Great Britain, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, before Jan. t, at any Time or Times before the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, wheat, any Wheat, Wheat-flour, Rye, Rye-meal, Barley, Barley-meal, Oats, Oat-meal, Pease, Beans, Tares,

Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse, from any Part of Europe or Africa, without the Payment of yf imported 7 any Subsidy, Custom, Duty, or Imposition whatsoever; and may also be carried Coastwise, under such from Europe or Regulations as Wheat, Wheat-flour, Rye, Rye-meal, Barley, Barley-meal, Oats, Oat-meal, Pease, AtVica, Duty-Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse of the Growth of this Kingdom, are now ^carried ^art-allowed to be carried Coastwise, at all Times before the said First Day o(January, One thousand seven for S

hundred and seventy-four; any Thing in any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the Con- mCrRegulations, trary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Entry to be made in such Form

Importation thereof.]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a due Entry shall be made, in such Manner and Form as were used or practised before the making of this Act, of a|) nuJc infach Wheat, Wheat-flour, Rye, Rye-meal, Barley, Barley-meal, Oats, Oat meal, reafe, Beans, I'ares, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse, which shall oe imported or brought into this Kingdom before before the mak-the said First Day of January\ One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, at the Custom-house be-ing of this Act 5 longing to the Port into which the same shall be imported or brought in; or otherwise, in default ofotherwise such making such Entry, such Wheat, Wheat-flour, Rye, Rye-meal, Barley, Barley-meal, Oats, Oat-meal,

Pease, Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse, shall be liable and subject to such and Dut1« formerly the same Duties as were payable upon the Importation thereof before the making of this Act j any payable on th/ Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

---

654 C. 2, 3. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

CAP. II.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, Biscuit, Pease, Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse, from His Majesty's Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, Biscuit, Pease, Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse, from His Majesty's Colonies in America, into Great Britain, will be advantageous to this Kingdom: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted;' and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[Any of His

That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty's Subjects to import into Great Britain, in any Ship or Vessel navi-

Majesty’s Subject*. gated according to Law, at any Time or Times, from and after the First Day of December, One. *77*, and* thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and before the First Day of January, One thousand fevea kcforcjan.xv hundred and seventy-four, any Wheat or Wheat-flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, Biscuit, Pease, *774. may Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse, from any of his Majesty's Colonies in Americav import Wheat, without the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom, Duty, or Imposition whatsoever; any Thing in any^ ^hCfiomOUAm«- foriner or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Due^nuy^to’bc

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a due Entry shall be jrude as former-made in such Manner and Forrti as were used orprailifed before the making of this Act, of all Wheat, ‘ h i Wheat-flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, Biscuit, Pease, Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all other Sort3

of Pulse, which shall be impoited or brought into this Kingdom by virtue of this Act, before the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, at the Custom House belonging to ©therwife the Pori into which the same shall be imported or brought in; or otherwise, in default of making such such Whe^fcc. Entry, such Wheat, Wheat-flour, Indian<Com^ Indian Meal, Biscuit, Pease, Beans, Tares, Callivan-^ !hi Dune* c’e5> and nil other Sorts of Pulse, shall be liable and subject to such and the same Duties, as were pay-fov!nerlyUp'*able abh- upon the Importation, thereof before the making of this Act; any Thing in this Act contained to 911 Importation $ the Contrary notwithstanding:

[

And such Wheat, Wheat-flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, Biscuit, Pease, Beans, Tares Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse, may be carried Coastwise, under such Regulations as Wheat, Wheat-flour, and Pulse, of the Growth of this Kingdom, are now allowed to he carried Coastwise, at all Times before the said First Day of January, One thousand seven. hundred and seventy-four.

CAP. III.

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch > and also the Extradition of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour, for a limited Time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Exportation of any Sort of Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, frtaaafcik c \y Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, out of the Kingdoms of Great Britain, or Ireland, should be prohibited foi a-limited Time :* May it therefore please Your Majesty., that it may

be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled.

After paflThg: and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons

this Act, all whatsoever shall, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be Sorts of Corn*, ev ported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from the said Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ire-Grain, 9cc. land, or load or lay on Board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on Board, in any Ship G real ^Britain0*1 Pr other Veil'd, or Boat, in order to be exported or carried our of the said Kingdoms of Great Inland*. Britain or Ireland, any Sort of Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch,

©t loaded in any under the Penalties and Forfeitures herein after mentioned; that is to say. That all the said Commo-Shi?, 6ic. for dities that shall be so exported, shipped, or laid on Board; or loaded to be exported, shipped, or carried* Transpormu n, out contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited; and that every Offender or Offenders therein, shall forfeit id ^ndOfrrnJ ^um Twenty Shillings for every Bushel of Corn* Grain, Pease, Beans, Malt, Meal,.or Flour, dere to forte* and Twelvepence for every Pound Weight of Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, and so in proportion for any 201. for every greater or less Quantity which shall be so exported, shipped-, or put on Board to be exported; and also Bushel of corn, the Ship, Boat, or Vessel, upon which any of the said Commodities shall he exported, shipped, or ladeiv* Grain, A-c. and to exported, and all her Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited; and One Moiety iVt^cfB^d the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and'

c. ind-lfoVhc the other Moiety to him or them that will fuc for the same: And for Offences which shall be committed* Shir, Boat, &c. in that Part of Great Britain called England, such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered by Action and ail hcr(Jun«,,of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or be-Tackie, &c. fore the Tyftices of Assize, or at the Great Sessions in I Vales* or by Information at any General Quarter

Offences committed in Eng-

Jtthli may be recoTered, ui.a»y of His Majesty YC^urtt of Record at WestnimfttiyAsc,.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 3. 655

Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division, or Place, where the Offence shall be corn- In Scotland, mitted; and in such Suit no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed: And^l\!hcCourtf for Offences which shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by AdVion, or Sum- £xch *°"for mary Bill, or Information, in the Courts of Session or Exchequer in Scotland: And for Offences which and Forfeiture* shall be committed in Ireland, in His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, or at the General Quarter incurred in ire-Sc.(lions of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed: And that, mnJ’ *rc »«o-the Masser and Mariners of any such Ship, Boat, or Vessel, wherein any such Offence shall be mitted, knowing such Offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting thereunto, and being c Dub?i«. "thereof duly convicted, in any such Courts as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for the Space of Three The Mailer and Months, without Bail or Mainprize. Mariners knowingly aiding such Offence, to be imprisoned for 3 Months.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Mariner or other'*0 cafc any PtT-Person on board any Ship or Vessel (other than and except the Masser or Person having the Charge or en°the Maitcrt Command thereof) wherein any Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or discovc/a* Starch, shall be exported, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall discover any such Of-Offence to the fence to the Commissioners, or ary Officer of His Majesty's Customs, within the Space of Five Months Commiflitmen, after such Offence shall be committed, such Mariner, or other Person (except as aforesaid) making such &c* of Discovery, shall, as an Encouragement, have, and be intitled to receive, One Third Part of the Net Money M^nthsafttr which shall be recovered and paid by Means of such Discovery, afterdeduclinp, from the Money recover-the Offence f «d, the Charges of prosecuting for and recovering the same; and One other Third Part thereof shall be he shall be into the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors; and the other Third Part, to such Officer or titled t® One Officers of His Majesty's Customs, as shall sue and prosecute for the same. Money°recoverei

by Meant thexeof, after deducing Charges; another Third to His Majesty's Use; and the other to the Prosecutjr.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Officers of the any Person or Persons, being an Officer or Officers of the Customs, or being lawfully authorised in this CuAom*, Behalf, by the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the^it^no^1*" Time being, or any Three or more of them, to take and seize all such of the said Commodities, not allowed to be allowed to be exported by this Act, as he or they shall happen to find, know, or discover to be laid on expo ted laid om board any Ship or other Vessel, or Boat, at Sea, or in any Port, or in any navigable River or Water, B^ld any ship to the Intent or Purpose to be exported, transported, or conveyed out of Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true Intent of this Act; and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in which the same shall be ^i^gThc fame found; and to bring the said Goods to the King’s Warehouse or Warehouses, belonging to the Custom-to the King’s house next to the Place where such Seizures shall be made, or to some other safe Place (where there are Warehouse, no such Warehouses) in order to be proceeded against according to Law $ and, in case of Recovery, to be divided in Manner as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit^ toextendt*

the Exportation of such or so much of the said Commodities as shall be necessary to be carried in any prohibu fomuck Ship or Ships, or other Vessel or Vessels, in their respective Voyages, for the Sustenance, Diet, and of the said Com-Support of the Commanders, Matters, Mariners, Passengers, or others, in the same Ships or Vessels jn°<Ktie§ at shall only, or for the Victualling or providing any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or other Ships or Vessels Vessel inThtie in His Majesty's Service, or for His Majesty's Forces, Fores, or Garrisons j any Thing herein contained respraive Voy-to the Contrary notwithstanding. ages, or for vic-

tualling Ships of.

War, or any of His Majesty's Gairifons,

V. Provided also, That this Act, of any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit any orcarry;ng Person or Persons to ship, or put on board, any of the Commodities aforesaid, to be carried Coastwise j c'oaftwife any that is to say. From any Port, Creek, or Member of the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, to any of the said Com^ other Port, Creek, or Member, of the same respectively, having such or the like Coast Cocquet, or mod,t*s»undce Sufferance, for that Purpose; and such or the like sufficient Security being first given for the landing

and discharging the same, in some other Port, Member or Creek, of the said Kingdoms, and returning forgiven, a Certificate in Six Months, as is required by Law, in Cases where Goods which are liable to pay Duties on Exportation are carried Coastwise from one Port of Great Britain to another, and not otherwise.

[This Act not to

VI. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing contained, shall not extend to any of the said Commodities which shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, out of or from Great Britain, to Ireland, extend to hinder or from Ireland to Great Britain, or from Great Britain, or Ireland, to Gibraltar or ATinorcay or unto any of the said any of His Majesty's Islands or Colonies in Aimrion, that have usually been suppliea with any of the said Commodities from Great Britain or Ireland, for the Sustenation of the Inhabitants of the said If- cut^f Guat lands, Colonies, or Dominions, or for the Benefit of the British Fishery in those Parts only, so as the Britain tohe-Exporter do, before the Shipping or laying on Board the same, declare the 111 and Colony, or Domi-hnd, &c.or nion, Islands, Colonies, or Dominions, for which the said Commodities are respectively dciignei; and from Great Bri-do become bound, with other sufficient Security, in Treble the Value thereof, to the Commissioners, ta,n 0*'Ireland or Chief Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, belonging to the Port or Place where the same 1 1* UT* shall be shipped or put on board, (who hath or have hereby Power to take such Security, in His Ma- the Exporrerde-jesty’s Name, and to His Majesty's Use). that such Commodities shall not be landed or sold in any curing the Parts whatsoever, other than the Kingdoms, Dominions, Islands, or Colonies, for which the same M"*d for which shall be so declared; and that a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Collector. Conmtroller, or Th.fy aredtfl&n-

‘ ed, and netnu

hound in Treble the Valve, that such Corn, &c, shall not be landed or sold at any 0ii*r

656. C. 3. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Certificates to be other Chief Officer of the Customs; or, if no such, of the Naval Officer, or some other Principal kaor«bar« ’ Officer Port where the same shall be landed, shall, within the respective Times herein after for that

without Fee. Purpose mentioned (the Danger of the Seas excepted) be returned to the Officers who took the said

Officer*making Bonds, that the said Commodities have been landed at the Port or Place for which the same shall be so false Ceitifi- declared; and for the taking of such Security, and for giving such Certificates, (which the respective cates, to forfeit Officers aforesaid are hereby, on Demand, required to give) no Fee or Reward shall be demanded oy An Person received: And if any Officer shall make any false Certificate of any such Commodities being so landed, counterfeiting a such Officer shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and lose his Employment, and be incapable Certificate tutor- of serving His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in any Office relating to the Customs: And if any feit200l.and the Person shall counterfeit, rafe, or falsify any such Certificate, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit, Cert, fi^"lobe rased, or false Certificate, he shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and such Certificate shall inKreat Britain vol<* am* no: Which said Penalties for Offences committed in Great Britain or Ireland shall

may be recovered he recovered in the same Courts, and in the same Manner, as the other Penalties inflicted by this as before direa- are recoverable; and for Offences committed in the Coloni-S or Plantations in America, or other the edj in the Co- Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, in Europe, shall be recovered in the High Court-ionics in Ame- of Admiralty, or in any chief Court of civil or criminal Jurisdiction, in such respective Colonies, n^onsTn Europe, P^ntations, or Dominions; and shall be divided into equal Moieties between His Majesty and the In-bcrorVt e Court former^ and the said Bond or Bonds, if not prosecuted within Three Years, shall be void.

olAdmiralty,&c»

Nothing herein

VII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the Exportation of Beans to the «> prohibit the British Forts, Castles, and Factories, in Africa; or for the Use of the Ships trading upon that Coast, that »X0f usually have been supplied with the same from Great Britain or Ireland\ so as the like Security be ^iven Forts* &c. of for exporting thereof, as is required by this Act to be given by Persons carrying any of the said Com* Africa, or the modities to the British Colonies in America.

Ships trading 00

that Coast 5

VIII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the United Company of thelEast India Merchants of England trading to the East Indies from exporting any of the said Commodities to any of* Company with their Forts, Factories, or Settlements, for the Support of the Persons residing the re, so as the like suppi>i;.g their Security be given for the exporting thereof, as is tequired by this Act to be given by Persons carrying Forts, fcc. w?th any of the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America.

Corn, Grain,&c.

for the Support of the Persons residing the se.

The Pert of

IX. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Wheat, Southampton Flour, Malt, ^Barley, Bread, Rjfcuit, or Pease, to be transported out of or from the Port of Southamp-only may supply ton only unto the Islands of Jersey^ Guernsey, and Alderney, or any of them, for the only Use of the In-the islands of habitants of those Islands, so as the Exporter, before the lading of such Commodities, or laying the iey on ®°arc*> do become bound, with other sufficient Security, in Treble the Value thereof, which

ice.*not Exceed- the Customer or Comptroller of the same Port hath hereby Power to take, in His Majesty's Name, and in? 5000 Quar- to His Majesty's U(e, and for which Security no Fee or Reward shall be given or taken, that such ters, 'he Ex- Commodities shall be landed in the said Islands of Jersey^ Guernsey, and Alderney, or One of them, (the porter becoming Danger of the Seas only excepted), for the Use of the Inhabitants there, and shall not belauded or the'va ue k 'n any °ther Parts whatsoever; and to return the like Certificates of the landing the same there, that the Com- as are herein required on the Exportation of the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America^ modities ftiail and within the Time for that Purpose herein mentioned; and so as the Quantity of Wheat-flour, Malt, net be land'd Barley, Bread, Biscuit, and Pease, which at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of this Act, -<°lpat ,nX shall be shipped at the said Port for the said Islands, or either of them, as aforesaid. do not exceed, in and To return the *he Whole, Five thousand Quarters; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Certificates of landing the same as are rfcquived of Exporters of Corn, Crain, &c. to the Cobnies in America*

The Ports of X. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to any Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Flour to

Whitehaven and transported out of or from the Ports of Whitih.ruen or Liverpool only into the Isle of Many for the suppUthe isle of on^Y Use of the Inhabitants of that Island, so as the Exporter, before the lading of such Wheat, Bariev, Man with Oats, Meal, or Flour, or laying the same on Board, do become bound, with other sufficient Security* Whra», Barley, in Treble the Value thereof, which the Customer or Comptroller of either of the said Ports respectSec. under the tively hath hereby Power to take, in His Majesty's Name, and to His Majesty's Use, for which foresaid R«gu- Security no Fee or Reward shall be given or taken, that such Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, oc cetding 2500* Flour, shall be landed in the said Isle of Man, (the Danger of the Seas only excepted) for the Use of Qumen. the Inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or sold in any other Parts whatsoever; and to return the like Certificates of the landing the same there, as aFe by this Act1 required on the Exportation, of the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America, and within the Time for that Purpose herein mentioned, and so as the whole Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, which at any Time or Times*, during the Continuance of this A<L>, shall be shipped at both the f«d Ports for the said Isle of Mant shall not exceed in the Who|« Two thousand five hundred Quarters; One Moiety thereof to be exported from the said Port of WhitehjJcn\ and the other Moiety thereof to be exported torn the said Port of Liverpoole; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 3. 657

XI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prohibit the Committee of Merchant* tr*-Merchants trading to Africa from exporting, during the Continuance of this Act, any Quantity of dm6toAfric* Wheat-flour, not exceeding Two Hundred Quarters, or any Quantity of Bread or Biscuit, not exceeding Fifteen Tons in the whole of such Bread or Biscuit, or of such Bread and Biscuit together, to the wLat-flou^ Brit if}) Forts, Castles, and Factories in Africa, for the Support of the Persons residing the re, foas the no: etching like Security be given for th^ exporting thereof, as is herein required to be given by persons carrying 200 Quarters, the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America. not exceeding 15 Tons of

Bread and Biscuit, to the British Forts there, under the like Security as for the Colonies in America.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Customs for Commissionera the Time being shall, and they are hereby required to give a full and true Account, in Writing, to both of the Ctr'.m* Houses of Parliament, at the Beginning of the next Session thereof, ofalLCorn, Grain, Pcafe, Beans, ^uano'Par-Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, that shall, before that Time, be exported to any 1 ,3° the* Place whatsoever, by virtue or in pursuarvee of any of the Liberties or Powers hereby given or granted Beginning of for that Purpose, n«t Session, of

all Corn, Grain, &c. exported to any Place, by virtue of the Liberties of this Act,

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Certificates of the inding and wheniheCer-discharging of the said Commodities to be exported, other than Coastwise, (hah be returned within the tifiotet of Jand-respective Times following; (that is to say) Where the Bonds are taken in respect of any of the said »*ig a*»a dIf-Commodities, to be exported from Great Britain, or Ireland, to any of the said Colonies or Plantations

in America, within Eighteen Kalendar Months after the Date of such Bonds; and where to Gibralter or ^oditics ftTll Minorca, within Twelve Kalendar Months after the Date of such Bonds; and where to the islands of be returned. Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Many within Six Kalendar Months after the Date of such Bonds; and

where from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, within Six Kalendar Months af-

ter the Date of such Bonds respectively.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Corn, Grain, Pease, ®ounty

Beans, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, which shall be exported by virtue of this Act,

shall be intitled to any of the Bounties or Drawbacks which are allowed and made payable on the Ex- Virtue of this portation of such Commodities, or any of them. Aa.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit to prohibit

the Exportation of Rice out of this Kingdom. the Exporutioa

XVI. And whereas it is expedient that the Extraction of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, or Acte'Th- paf- Wheat-flour, should be prohibited for a further Time ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority £ng hereof, no aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Low Wines or Spirits whatsoever shall beLowW.neior made, extracted, or distilled, within this Kingdom, from any Wheat or Wheat-flour; and if any Spirit* fall be* Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall make, de from extract, or distil, or cause or procure to be made, extracted, or distilled, any Low Wines or Spirits from whMt-floor or any Wheat or Wheat-flour, or from any Grain or other Material mixed with Wheat, or with Wheat- *0y M-terial flour, or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any Wheat or Wheat-flour, or any mixed with Grain or other Material mixed with Wheat, or with Wheat-flour, in any Worts or Wash, in order for Wheat,* the making, extracting, or diddling Low Wines or Spirits, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid in any Tun, Washbatch, Calk, Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, any Wheat or Wheat-flour, or any Grain or other Material mixed with Wheat, or with Wheat-flour, for the Purpose of preparing any Worts or Walh, or for making, extracting, or distilling Low Wines or Spirits, whether such Tun, Walhbatch, Calk, Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, hath or hath not been duly entered at the Excise Office; that then, and in each and every of the said cases, such Distil- son to the ler or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, or other Person or Persons acting contrary to the Directions of Contrary, he this Act, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession any such Tun, Washbatch, Calk, ftaii forfeit andr Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, which shall be made use of contrary to the Intention of this f»y »°oJ. and Act, shall be found, shall respectively, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds; and all such Wheat or Wheat-flour, and such Worts and Wafl>, Low Wines and Spirits, fcited/ r and all such Grain, or other Material with Wheat or with Wheat-flour, or the Value thereof, shall be also forfeited.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wheat or Wheat-flour, or Wheat or Grain, or other Material mixed with Wheat or with Wheat-flour, shall be found in any Workhouse, Wheat-flour, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or any other Place wherein Low Wines or Spirits, or Worts, or Walh, IV all be made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, or where any Low Wines or Spirits, or Worts, or whkh Low Wash, shall have been made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, since the First Day of October, One wines mail b; thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, all such Wheat and Wheat-flour, and all such Grain or other made,&c. finer Material mixed with Wheat or with Wheat-flour, shall be forfeited; and the Person or Persons in oa* whose Possession such Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or Place, shall be, shall, for fha'V^! every Offence respectively, also forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds. *e.ipyi "iK»r

Stillhoulfe, &c.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall be authorised for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Excise for the ^jnb,a^e°* Time being, or any Two or more of them, wkhin the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London* Ooram flioner* or by One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in any other Part of Great Britain* at any Time or or jufcce* of

658 C. 3. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

l"rnyS.or^ Times, with any Officer of Excise, to enter into any Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse or any other ^l?ce wherein any Low Wines or Spirits, or Worts or Wash, shall be, or aie suspected to are suspected to be m*de, extracted, distilled, or prepared, or wherein Low Wines or Spirits, or Worts or Waft), shall be nudefmce have been made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, since the First Day of October, One thousand seven oa. 1, 1772. hundred and seventy-two, and shall have free Admittance into the same, and may insped all the Mate-3Kd fpC^ l11 r*als’ anc* Utensils therein contained, giving thereby as little Interruption as may be to the

On Suspicion of ^ufine's which is carrying on; and in case any Officer of Excise shall have Reason to susped that any Wkeator Wheat, or Wheat-flour, or any Grain, or other Material mixed with Wheat, or with Wheat-flour, is con-avheat-floor tained in any Bag, Sack, or other Package, or is mixed in any Worts or Wash, or in any other Preparation 'being mixed for making, extracting, or distilling, Low Wines or Spirits, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, with any other at any Tjme or Times during the Continuance of this Act, upon Payment of Two Shillings and Six-^mplemay be pence^ to take a Sample, not exceeding Two Quarts of any such Wheat or Wheat-flour, or of any taken, paying such Graio, or other Material mixed with Wheat, or with Wheat-flour, or of any such Worts or a s.‘£ d. Wash, or Preparation, which shall be found in any such House or other Place aforesaid; and in case If any Distiller, any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, or the Owner or Occupier of any such House or &C t^ ce^hed" ^acc> or any Workman or Servant to any such Distiller, Owner, or Occupier belonging, shall refuse Sail forfeitiocl, to a<^m,t fbeh Person or Persons as shall be so authorised, or any Officer of Excise, into any such House # or Place, or shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer, or Person or Persons, in making such Inspedioit as aforesaid, or shall not allow any such Officer to take such Sample after the said Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, or tendered for the same; such Distiller, Owner, or Occupier shall, Persons lawfully for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds: And it shall be authorised by lawful for any such Officer of Excise, or other Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, having a War-er« (bccSuy°n* rar^t ^or Purpose ^rom any Two or more of the Commissioners of the Excise, or any Justice or seize and carry Justices respectively, as aforesaid, to seize, take, and carry away, all such Wheat and Wheat-flour, away all such and all such Grain or other Material mixed with Wheat or with Wheat-flour, as shall be found in any Wheat, such House or other Place, together with all the Sacks, Bags, and other Things, in which the said

- tva ii Commodities shall be contained.

have more Wh^at

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller or Maker of Low than fiveQuar- Winesor Spirits for Sale or Exportation shall be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their Custody or ter*,he is to for- Possession, or in the Custody or PofiTession of any Person or Persons in Trust, or for the Use or Benefit J1* aijdal1 of such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, more than Five Quarters of Wheat or Wheat-flour, the Overplus. a* any One Time, in any-one or more Place or Places, not being a Place or Places for preparing, making, extracting, distijling, or keeping Worts or Wash, Low Wines or Spirits; every such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit all such Wheat and Wheat-flour exceeding the said Quantity of Five Quarters, and also the Sum of Five This Act notto P°unds for every Quarter so forfeited.

extend to Dif-

XX. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to inflid the said last mentioned Penalty and For-ttllers who are feiture upon any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, who shall be the actual Grower of Wheat, Grower* of and shall be possessed of any Quantity of such Wheat grown by him or her in the Straw, or after the same is threshed out or separated from the Straw, provided such Wheat shall not be kept in his or her not in the TrPof- P°ffeflfon, or in the Possession of any other Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, for a greater session above 20 Space of Time than Twenty Days after the same shall be threshed or separated from the Straw, and so Days, and not as such Wheat be not kept in any Place u-fed for making, extracting, or distilling Low Wines or kept in a FUcc Spirits, or for preparing or keeping Worts or Wash.

for distilling

Not to^expend to

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not ex-a Distiller who tend to inflict the last mentioned Penalty and Forfeiture upon any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or b a Miller, on Spirits, who pradifes the Trade of a Miller, by grinding Corn for Hire, or who fells Com, Flour, account ot what Meal, or Bran, as other Persons following the Trade of a Miller usually do, and who was poffdled of and worked any Mill or Mills for the grinding of Wheat, in the Course of his Trade as a Miller, on 1 or before the First Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, for or upon Account of any Quantity of Wheat or Wheat-flour which shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be found in any such Mill or Mills; any Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary hereof notwithstanding.

Officer* of Ex-

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer or Officers cife fufpcaing of Excise, or any other Person or Persons, shall, at any Time or Times, have Cause to susped Wheat, &c. that any Wheat or Wheat-flour, or any Grain or other Material mixed with Wheat or with Wheat* above FjveQuar- flour> in any Quantity, exceeding the Quantity of Five Quarters, shall be laid or kept in any such ifrVny Score-^ ^torehouse, Warehouse, Granary, or other Place or Places as aforesaid, belonging to any Distiller or house belonging Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act* then, and in to a Dist.iicr, every such Case, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, before the Just cfs mnv Commissioners of Excise for the Time being respectively, or any two or more of them, or before One ^rant Warrant or more Justice or Justices of the Peace residing near the Place where such Officer or Officers, or other ^chJnrr&c. ^er^cn or Persons, shall susped the same to be laid and kept, setting forth the Ground of his or their 1 ° Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, shall make Oath as aforesaid, (if he or they shall judge it reasonable) by special Warrant under his or theic respective Hands and Seals, to authorise and impower such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, by Day or by Night, (but if in the Night, then in the Presence of a z Constable

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 4.

Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace) to enter into all and every Storehouse, Warehouse, Granary, or other Place or Places where^he or they shall suspect that any Wheat oV Wheat-flour; exceeding the Quantity of Five Quarter*, or iny Grain or other Material mixed a*ith Wheat or with Wheat-flour in any Quantity, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, and to seize, *take, and carry away, all such Wheat and Wheat-flour over and above the said Quantity of Five Quarters, and all such Grain, or other Material mixed with Wheat, or with Wheat-flour, as he or they shall so find, together with all the Sacks, Bags, or other Things, wherein the same shall respectively be contained; and such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession such Wheat or Wheat-flour, exceeding the said Quantity of Five Quarters, belonging to such DifliHer, shall be found, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the said Penalty of Five Pound’s for every Quarter exceeding the said Quantity-of Five Quarters; and such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines, or spirits, of the Person or Persons kl whose'CdRody or Possession such Grain or other Material mixed:with Wheat, or with. Wheat-flour* belonging to such Distiller shall be found, shall, for every such Offence respectively* forfeit and lose thd Sum of Fifty Pounds; and the said Officer or Officers, and other Person or Persons, is and are hereby rmpowered, by such Warrant, together with such other Person or Persons as he or they shall take to his or theitr Assistance, to enter such Srorehouses, Warehouses* Gran^ries* and other Pjape er Placet ^nd break open the Doors thereof, in case they he not opened on Demand.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, yhat ^ill Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act iftpofcdE, and for the Recovery and Application whereof/no other ’Provision^is herein-before *iade, shall be feed for, and recovered by Action of Debt* Bill* Plaint, or III format ioiv in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Westminster, or in the Court of pxcheauer in Scotland.

XXIV. And that the respective Courts before whom the same shall be recovered may and are hereby

authorised, (if they shall think fit) to mitigate all or any of the pecuniary Penalties-herein-before inflicted to any Sum not less than One F'ourth Part of the Sum herein respectively. mentioned; and that One Moiety of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moipty to him-or them who shall fee for the same, or give Information of, or discover the Offence.

XXV. Provided always, That all Suits, Prosecutions, or Informations, for Offences- committed against this Act, shall be commenced and made within the Space of Six Kalendar Months after the Fad is committed, and not otherwise; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary, notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit Hull be commenced against any Pci fen or Persons, for iany Thing done in purseance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall he commenced within the Space of Four Kalendar Months next after the Offence shall be committed: And if such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called England^ the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in purseance, and by the Authority, of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for t.he fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other cases,.by Law: And if such Action or Suit be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court Defore whom such Action or Suit shall be brought shall allow the Defender to plead this Act on his Defence; and if the Pursuer shall not insist on his Action, or if Judgment shall be given against such Purfoer, the Defendant shall and may recover the fell and real Expences he may have befcn put to by any such Action or Suit.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue until the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

XXVIII. Provided pevcrtheless^That the said Continuation may be abridged or shortened, and this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered and varied by any other Act or Acts to be made uvtfrts present Session of Parliament.

659

and to seize and carry away all the Wheat and Wheat-floor, " above five Quarter!, and the Sacks, &c. and forfeit 5 1. for every Quarter, over the said Quantity. Distillers who have Grain or other Material mixed with Wheat, dec.shall forfeit 50l. Officers tefufed Admittance to Storehouses, frc. may break open the Doors.

How and where Penalties may be recovered.

Courts may mi*

tigate the HenaL tioe, if they fee Cause, to One. Fourth of the Sum mentioned.

Limitation of Actions.

Persons, against whom Actions shall be commenced, may plead the General Issue. Defendant may recover Treblo«

CoAs,

Defendant in Scotland may plead this Act, and if Judgment* be given against the Pursuer, he may recover his Expences, &c. This Act to continue till Jan. i*

*774*

Proviso.

CAP. IV.

An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act of to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. int, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland\for a limited Time, and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, (intituled

An Act for Importation of Salted Beef Porkr Baum, and Ireland, a ed: 5, T<i

And whereas an Act was made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to continue and Aa G*°-1U-

660 C. 5, 6, 7. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

amend the said first-mentioned Act, and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America* for a limited Time: And whereas by Four Acts made in the Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, mnd* the said last mentioned Act was continued until the First Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three: And whereas it is expedient that the Importation of the said Goods and Commodities should be allowed for a longer Time; may it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited ^nUMarch Time* and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British u l7y^ Dominions in America, for a limited Time*) shall continue and be in full Force and Effect, until the First Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

CAP. V.

An Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs-lard, and Grease * and to permit the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, Hams, and Cheese, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe* for a limited Time, free of Duty.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[Act 7. Geo. III. c

intituled, An Act to discontinue* for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Impor-Aa io Geo. III.4 tat ion of Tallow* Hogs-lard* and Grease: And whereas an Act was made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to continue the said Act until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three: And whereas the allowing the Importation of Tallow, Hogs- lard, and Grease, for a further Time, may be of great Advantage: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Allowances, further condo*- Matters, and Things therein contained, shall be further continued from the Expiration thereof, until until March the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, as fully and cftectually, *776* to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were inserted and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

After the passing

II. And whereas the free Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, Hams, and Cheese, from any hereof. Salted 5 4 Part of Europe* for a limited Ti ne, may be of great Advantage be it enacted, That, from and after Beef, Pork, Ba-the passing of this Act, the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, Hams, and Cheese, from any con. Hams, and part of Europe into Great Britain* be admitted free of Duty, until the First Day of January, One thou-Pmof Euro*ny^an^ seven hundred and seventy-four; and that all the Clauses, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, shall be admUitd Allowances, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Ma-Duty free till jesty’s Reign, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, Jauuaryi, 1774. Hams, and Cheese.

CAP. VI.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

CAP. VII.

An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty's Colonies in America* for a limited Time-, and for encouraging the making of Starch from Rice.

Picarr.Me. tl WHEREAS the allowing the free Importation of Rice, from any of His Majesty's Colonies *n America into Great Britain for a limited Time, is, and will be, of great Advantage, and may may* be imported4 a Means of encouraging the making of Starch from Rice: May it therefore please Your Majesty into Britjm that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

1 om America, at Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

any Time beroie*4lftembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and llrs.1’ ,?Sm* may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into Great Britain, from any of His Majesty's Co-or OuTvi a>ment^on*cs *n America, at any Time or Times before the First Day of May* One thousand seven hundred and eighty, an/ Rice, without the Payment of any SubliJy, Custon, Duty, or Imposition whatsoever;

any Thing in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 8 - 13; 661

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Vhat for and upon all Rice which shall be Alifacli imported into this Kingdom Duty-free, by virtue of this Act, and which shall be again exported Wng afterwart* thereout, there shall be paid and answered to-His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, a Subsidy of toPHiSTlCla^cSyT Poundage of Sixpence in the Pound, according to the Value or Rate set upon Rice imported, in the &c. aSubfidjof Book of Rates referred to by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King Charles the Second; which said Su)}-- 6 d. in the lidyof Sixpence in the Pound* upon such Rice.so exported, shall be raised^ levied, colfe&ed, and re- Pound, as by covered, by such Ways and Means, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as Aa Car#M* the Subsidy or Poundage for any Goods or Merchandise exported from Great Britain, lay be raised,

levied, collected, or recovered, by any Act of Parliament now in force, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Jthe said Duties, granted by this Act^P"^ob*

upon Rice exported, shall (the necessary Charges of Management excepted) be paid into the Receipt Receipt of £*-of His Majesty's Exchequer, and be there reserved for the Disposition of Parliament. chequer.

IV. And whereas William Prince is intitled, under certain Letters Patent, granted to him some After the paf-

Time in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, to the foie and exclusive Right of hereof> making Starch from Rice for the Term of Fourteen Years, commencing from the Date thereof; and of the said William Prince hath consented to waive all Benefit, under the said Letters Patent, for the gene- Rice> william xal Advantage of the Starch Manufactory; belt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from pri ace* Letter* and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsor P*tent notwith-ever to make Starch of Rice* the said Letters Patent, or other Matter or Thing to the Contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

CAP. IX.

An Act to restrain the East India Company, for a limited Time, from making any Appointment of Commissioners for fu per intending and regulating the Company’s Affairs, at their Prendencies in tYct Bast Indies.

CAP. X.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion 5 and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. XI.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore.

CAP. XII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures'of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.——Preamble. Persons who have omitted to take the Oafhs appointed by Act 1 Geo. i. or to have qualified themselves according to the Act 13, Car. a. Or according to the Act 25 Car 2. Or according to the 30 Car. 2. Or according to the Geo. 1. Or according to the 9 Geo. 2. Or according to the 18 Geo. 2. Or according to the Act 6 Geo. 3. Such Persons qualifying themselves before the passing of this Act, or before Dec. 25, 1773, shall be, and are indemnified against Forfeitures. Incapacities or Disabilities incurred or to be incurred by Neglect or Omission. Provided that this Act not to extend to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment of any of the King’s Courts of Record. And it is further enacted, that Persons who shall cause Affidavits to be made and filed, on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term 1773, of the actual Execution of Contrafts iA Writing to serve as Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors are indemnified, and discharged from Penalties. Forfeitures, Incapacitates and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred by Neglect or Omission.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to enable certain Persons therein named to continue to work a Pestle Mill, heretofore employed and used in making Battle Gunpowder, at Old Forge Farm, in the Parish of Tonbridge, in the County of Kent.

XI. 4 CAP.

662

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

A.: D. 1775;

C. 14-

CAP. XIV.

An Act to encourage the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money upon the Security of Freehold or Leasehold Estates, in any of His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies; and to render the Securities granted to such Aliens effectual for recovering Payment of the Money so to be lent, by Sale of such Freehold or Leasehold Estates.

PYc*mblei € \\ J WHEREAS the Cultivation and Improvement of Estates in His Majesty's Colonies in

the West Indies, and the erecting of Sugar Works and other necessary Buildings thereon,

are attended with great Expcirce; and the Proprietors of such Estates are often obliged to bor- row large Sums of Money for these Purposes, upon the Credit of such Estates :. And whereas it has

been found difficult to procure sufficient Loans from the Subjects of this Kingdom, and it would tend greatly to the Improvement of such Estates, and to the publick Benefit, if Money could be borrowed at a reasonable Rate of Interest, from the Subjects of Foreign States, for the Purposes aforesaid; but Doubts have arisen, whether, as the Law now (lands, any Security, in the Nature of a Mortagage granted to a Foreigner, or Alien, tr to any Person in Trust for him, can be made *' effectual against such Estates, for recovering the Money lent thereon: And whereas oo Foreigner or Alien, as the Law now (lands, can bring or prosecute any Suit, for the Recovery of Money, in any Court of Law or Equity within His Majesty's Dominion?, at a Time when the State of which.

such Alien is a natural-born Subject, is at War with this Kingdom’: In order to remove such

Doubts, and to encourage Foreigners, pc Aliens, to lend Money upon the Security of such Estates; be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and f _ Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aHemMed',

©t ihVa<^ Fo-ar,d by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing or this Act, it shall and may be tsi^oers mly lawful to and for all and every Person and Perforu, being Foreigners, or Aliens, to lend Money at le.u \.o.»cy at a Rate of Inxcrcft not exceeding Five Poonds per Centum per Annum, upon the Security of any Free-inttuxft, or Leasehold Estate, in any of His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies, and to hold the same

cent on icCr as an effftual Securiry for the Money lent, and to prosecute any Suit or Suits for recovering the Purity o.Tree-la:ne, a* herein after mentioned, whether the Foreign State, of which such Alien.is a iwturaUborn hoi.i Eiijusi* Subject, be at War with this Kingdom or not*

rhf Indies.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of Non-payment of the Money lent 1 c-ir >t Non- ui>on any such Security at the Time therein (lipulated and agreed upon; it shall and may be lawful ? o brou k ln ’ ^or and every such Foreigners, or Aliens, to bring and prosecute, by themselves or their Tt :01mum L iaw 1 ui Attornies respectively, any Suit or Suits at Common Law for the Recovery of their Demands, Law, unco- on any Bond, or other collateral Security, given or entered into* or on any Covenant on the Part of w«ryofD.mands; th ' Bonower, contained in any such Mortgage, Deed, or Deeds; and also his, her, or their Bill or or in the Court* r>111s in the Court of Chancery of the Colony, where the Estate, on which, such Security shall have of Chancery for been granted, lies, praying a Jccrec of Sale of the said mortgaged Premises, for Payment of the Debt the Colony j (jue thereon; in which said Suit or Suits the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be intitled to like Remedy

and the PUinuff and Remedies, for Recovery of his Debt and Costs due, as any British Subject now may or can haye; bcintitird to theexcept the being inti.led to have or obtain, directly or indirectly, the actual Possession of any such R^covcTCjyt°r rnortSaSed Premises, by any Proofs of Execution whatsoever at the Common Law; or to foreclose the BrlLXsu’bj^i. Equity of Redemption of such mortgaged Premises by any Decree or Order of any Com* of Equity whatsoever. '

Court of Chaa-

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court of Chancery, where such Bill eery to order or Bills shall be brought, may and shall direct and order the Sale of such mortgaged Premises, in the the Sale of Manner as in Cases where the Mortgager hath, consented to a Sale of the same j. any Law, Usage or Practice to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Caf.i where the Mortgager hath contented U a Sale.

ibconvenicnciet And whereas upon Bills brought for the Redemption of such Mortgages, Inconveniendes may-

fifing trom the arl^e f^om the Want of M'eans to compel such Foreigners, or Aliens, or their Representacives, to ap-wunt of Meant pear to such Bills, who may reside out of the Jurisdiction of the Court where such Bills maybe brought; tu compel Fo- be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such cases, Service of any Writ or Process of reigner11° ap- such Court, upon the known, Attorney or Agent of such Foreigners or Aliens residing within the Bills,'howto Jurisdiction of the said Court respectively, shall be deemed good Service of such Writ or Process upon to gjxvcnted. any such Foreigner or Alien: And in case the Defendant or Defendants shall be absent, and have no such Attorney or Agent resident within the Jurisdiction of the Court, upon Affidavit thereof-made by the Person or Persons seeking such Relief, or by his, her, or their Attorney, duly constitu.ed to the Satisfaction of the Court out of which such Writ or Process shall issue, (in which Affidavit shall be-exprdied the Place of Residence of such Foreigner, according to the bed of the Deponent’^ Information and Belief), it shall be lawful for such Court to iflLe a Chm million under Seal to Commissioners. thereirvto be-named, authorising such Commissioners to take Affidavit of the Service of’fitch Writ or Process on the Defendant or Defendants perfortelly, or his, her, or their usual Place of Residence, and to certify the same; and such Affidavit, returned with such Commission into the said Court shall become

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 14. 663

competent Evidence of the Service of such Writ or Process; any Law, Custom or Usage to the Contrary inany-wise notwithstanding: And if the Defendant or Defendants shall not, within Six Months after Service of the said Writ or Process, upon the Attorney or Agent in the Colony, or upon the Defendant or Defendants abroad, appear to the said Bill, either in Perron, or by feme Attorney or At'ornies for that Purpose, lawfully to be appointed under Hand and Seal, or according to the Usage of the Country to which the Defendant belongs; then, and in such Case the Court of Chancery in which such Suit shall be brought is hereby authorised and required to take the Bill pro confesso, and to order and decree an Account to be taken, by One of the Matters of the said Court of what is due to the Defendant or Defendants for Principal and Interest, and also for Costs, if any; in taking of which Account, the Complainant or Complainants shall be obliged to shew or produce, before the Matter, proper Vouchers for all Credits that he, she, or they shall claim: And the said Court is hereby further CourtefChan-authorised, on the Coming in of the Matter’s Report, to make a final Decree, appointing a Time and Co^imr m^of Place for Payment of the Sum, which, by such Report, shall appear to be due to the Defendant or the Matter's Defendants, together with Interefbon the said principal Sum, until tendered as herein after mention-Report, make ed, and adjudging a Redemption of the mortgaged Premises, upon the Payment of the said Principal final Decree for and Interest, and Costs, ifany, either to the Defendant or Defendants, or to his, her, or their law- Payment* ful Attorney or Attornies to be constituted as aforesaid, or into the Bank of England as herein after prescribed.

V. And be it further enacted, That, after a Time and Place for Redemption of any fi*ch Mortgage, Mortgagees re-and the Sum of Money to be paid for such Redemption shall be ascertained by the said Court, accord- to rrcci?« ing to the usual Course of Proceeding in Cases of Reden ption of Mortgages, if the Sum of Money so to be dcred^eMor-paid shall be then and there lawfully tendered, and if such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or his or their Re- pge/is to pay presentative or Representatives, Attorney or Attornies, shall refuse to receive the lame, or shall not attend the same into for that Purpose; then, and in either of such cases, it shall be lawful for the Mortgager or Mortgagers, Bank of or his or their legal Representative or Representatives, or his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies, to EnsIand-4>ay such Sum of Money into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant-general of the High Court of Chancery of England, to be placed to his Account there ex parte, the Mortgager or Mortgagers, or his or their Representative or Representatives, pursuant tQ the Me- purfiunt to thod prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the nGco, I. First, (intituled, An Act for better securing the Monies and Ef efts of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and to prevent the counterfeiting of Just India Bonds and indorsements thereon, as likewise Indorsements on South Sea Bonds), and the General Rules and Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, #nd fCCOrjJ. according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, to the General (intituld, An Act to hnpower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper Securities, any Monies not Rule* of Court, exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England belonging to and Aa 11 Geo. the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, ly applying the Interesl arising therefrom for answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant-general of the said Court), there to remain for the Benefit of the Mortgagee or Mortgag -es, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and to be laid out frr?efJcncfit on Government or Parliamentary Securities, as herein after mentioned, until he, she, or they shall, upon ort*

a Petition to be preferred to the High Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, at his, her, or their Expence, obtain an Order of that Court for the Payment thereof, and of all Interest, Profits, and Dividends arising therefrom. A Certificate of

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Certificate or Certificates the Account*nt-of the Accountant-general, under his Hand, (which he is hereby directed to give without Fee or Re- s ral for the ward, as well to the Mortgager or Mortgagers, his, heT, or their Heirs, as to the Morgagee or Mortga- ^ffcauaT bC gees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, upon Application made to him for that Discharge to the Purpose), that the Mortgager or Mortgagers, or his, her, or their Heirs or Representatives, Attorney Mortgager.

or Attornies, have paid such Sum into the Bank of England, shall be a good and effectual Discharge to She Mortgager or Mortgagers, or his, her, or their Heirs; and that after such Certificate shall be so given, the Mortgager or Mortgagers, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons who shall or may be Surety or Sureties for the Payment of the Sum originally lent, or the Interest thereof, shall be, and are hereby absolutely acquitted, released, and discharged of and from the same; and that the legal Estate, and all other the Interest of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or of his, ber, or their Representative or Representatives, in the mortgaged Premises, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, from and after the granting such Certificate or Certificates, revested in the Mortgager or Mortgagers, or his, her, or their Heirs respectively, or in whom he, she, or they shall respectively appoint.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the mean Time, and until the Before Applici-

Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or his, her, or their legal Representative or Representatives, shall apply by tion to Chancery Petition tq the High Court of Chancery for an Order to receive the said Sum, the said Accountant- rcJe?"ethefum° general shall, and he is hereby directed and impowered to place out the same on Government or the Accountant" Parliamentary Securities; and shall pay the Interest, Dividends, or Profits therefrom arising, from is to place it out Time to Time, as the same shall become due and payable unto the Person or Persons who shall be in- on Government titled to the Sum so paid into the said Bank. Security.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said High Court of Chancery Court of Chan-

shall, and is hereby reauired and authorised to make an Order for the Payment of the Sum that shall to order befo paid into the said Bank as aforesaid, and of all Dividends, Profits, and Interest therefrom arising,

to the Person or Persons intitled thereto* upon an Application made to the said Court by Petition, in the bwJs°

Q.a afum- 1

664

n Application ia a wmmary Way by the Mortgagee*

[Publick Act.]

C. 15, 16. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A. £>. 1773,

a summary Way, by the Mortgagee or Mbrfcgagees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; on hearing of which Petition it shall be sufficient for the Petitioner or Petitioners to prove, to the Satisfaction of the Court, that he, she, or they,'is or are thfe Person or Persons for whole Uie or Benefit the Money was so paid into the said Bank, or that he, (he* or they, are the legal Representative or Representatives of such Person or Persons, without requiring any of the Proceedings in the Court of Chancery of the Colony in the Cause to be transmitted hither; and upon producing such Order to the Accountant-general* the Money shall be paid to the Person specified in* such Order, or t<* his, her, or their lawful Attorney or Attorneis, without Fee or Reward.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. XV.

[Preamble.]

An Act for paving* cleansing, and lighting the High Street, East Street, and West Street, in the Town and Pariftics of Gravesend and Milton, in the County of Kent; and for lighting the other Streets; and for removing all Incroachments and Annoyances within the said Town and PariQaes.

[Public Act.]

[Treble Costs.]

- Names of the Commissioners. Qualification of Commissioners. No Penalty upon the High Steward, Governors, fciV. First Meeting of Commissioners. For appointing Officers. Penalty on Officers offending. Property of Pavements, &c. vested in Commissioners. Commissionrcs to- or~ der the Streets, &c. to be paved; and to cause all Incroachments to be removed. Penalty on altering Pavements, &c. without Consent of the Commissioners. Commissioners maycontraft for paving, fcfr. and cause a certain Proportion of the old Materials to be used. Commissioners, to take necessary Materials for paving, according to Law. Commissioners may cause Pavements to be repaired upon Complaint of any Two Housekeepers. The Limits of the High Street, EqJl Street, and West Street, ascertained. Rates to be paid by Occupiers, &c.; who may deduct tire fame out of their Rents. How Rates are to be recovered from Persons Quitting Poll'ession. Lessees deemed Owners. Nob to make void any Contraft between Landlord and Tenant. Additional Rates. Poor’s Rates may be inspected. Persons paying the last mentioned Rate to be excused doing Statute-duty. No Persons to be excused who keep Teams. All Persons liable to pay additional Rates, t£c. Money to be raised by Annuities. Annuities not to be subject tq Land-tax. Rates to be lowered in proportion as Annuitants drop. Annuitants dying, others may purchase, but not to be above the Value of *00 L Commissioners may borrow an additional Sunt of 700 /. at common Interest. When the Surplus-money in the Hand* of the Commissioners amounts to a certain Sum, jt is to be applied in pay.*ing off Debts. Annuities and Money borrowed to be entered in Books. Securities may be transferred^ No Preference to be given in respect of the Priority of advancing Money. Commissioners im-' powered to erect Lamps, Persons breaking Lamps, how to be punched. The Expence of fighting the Lamps how to be defrayed. Rates to commence from March 25, 1773. Commissioners to appoint Collectors. The Penalty on refusing to execute the Office of Collector, is 5 L and he is KaWe to be again eledbed. How the Rates shall be collected, when Houses are let to different Tenants- How Rates on Tenants or Occupiers are to be recovered. Occupiers shall pay the Rates iiu Proportion to the Time of occupying. Commissioners t® take down Signs, &c. Carriages prohibited to drag, except with flat Iron Drags. Penalty on driving Carriages on the Footways, not ta exceed rox- nor lets than 3 x. Penalty on hooping Casks, in the Streets, not to exceed 20 x. nor-less than 3 x. Commissioners, safe. to give Licence for erecting Hoards, fcfr. Foot-ways to be swept-To prevent making Bow-windows, &c. The Act to extend to other Streets in the said Town and Parish. New Commissioners how to be elected. A sufficient Number of Commissioners not appearing*. the Clerk may adjourn the Meeting. Commissioners to defray their own Expences. Commissioners at any Meeting, not less than Three, may aft, (except as excepted^) Proceedings to be entered in Books. Orders, &c. to be made by the Majority of the Commissioners present. The Expences* of the Act to be paid out of the first Monies- Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Commissioners may act as Justices. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter-sessions*-Distress'not unlawful for want of Form. Proceedings not to be quashed for want ofr orm, nor removed by Certiorari- Writings to be without Stamps. No Action to be commenced till after Notice given* fc'c. General Issue-

CAP. XVI.

An Act for taking- down the Shire Hall of the County of Devon^ and for building a* new Shire HalF in a more commodious Manner.

[Preamble.]

Shire Hall* vested in Commissioners, to be taker* down; and a new one to be built. Manner of holding Meetings. Expences of Building to be defrayed by the Commissioners. Money to be raised by Commissioners, by Assessment on the County. Not more than 4000l. to be raised, The Shire Hall to be supported at the Expence of the County-Proceedings to be entered in Books. All Accounts to be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace... 1231 /, 13 x. vested in Trustees for the Use of the said County, may be applied for the Purposes of this Act. The Scite of the Building vested in His Majesty* granted* by Act tyAnne* to several Persons in Trust 5: and by x Geo. p. The Castle vested in- Trustees, ia Trufb, for the Purposes of the Adu From, the passing. hereof* the £aidTerm.shall ccafe^ProviXb and Condition* that the Trustees

A.D. 17^3. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 17— 665

pay the yearly Rent of 10 Pounds- Gerierhl Saving. The Act riot topreven* guarding or fortifying the Castle. When the Trustees shall be reduced to less than Seven, others to be appointed.

[Publick Act.]

[Treble Costs.]

Persons damaging the Buildings how to be punished. Limitation of Actions. General Issue,

Cap. xvir.

An Act for making the Exemplification of the Last Will and Testament of William Earl of Blefing-ton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, Evidence as well in Ireland as in Great Britain. '

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for the more effectual Relief of the Poor in the County of Devon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Ferr Lands within the Manor and Parishes of Upwell and Outwell, and in the Parishes ojDtnver and Wei-ney, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk* sofar as the same relates to the Lands-lying on the South Side of Pophams Eau.

CAP. XX.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fenr Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhalb River, South; PlantXoad and Brandon River, North; bounded on the West by the River Ouse; and ore the Eastby Winter Load, Earfwell Brook, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall 5 and for impowering th*

Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid commonly called \ n— vetted Lands j, so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the First District dtfcrrbed in the said Act.——Preamble. Act 33 Geo. .*\ A further Tax to be laid-.

[Proviso.]

No further Sum to be borrowed during the Continuance of the additional Tax, except on Emergency. Commissioners may suspend the additional Tax if Monies due shall be reduced to 6000 A-Additional Tax to be paid in Moieties by Landlord and Tenant. Penalty for destroying the Banks by burning Lands, to be levied by Distress and Sale; or Offenders may be committed. Owners and' Occupiers to repair and scour Ditches and Tunnels. Penalty on Neglect, is 3 d.f>er Rod- Owners of Mills restrained from throwing Water upon the Lands of other Persons, Acting Commissioners are to prevent any Injury from private Drainage. River Banks not to be cut but under the Inspection’ of the Commissioners Officers. Nothing contained to prevent Wlv-Jones from imbanking and fepa-vrately draining, his Lands. Limitation for the Digging of Turf. The Time of paying the Taxes to be appointed by Commissioners. Penalty in case of Nonpayment, is 3x. 4d. for every *0 x. due. Commissioners may fell Lands for Payment of Taxes. Commissioners to give Notice to Owners oT Xands to be sold; and also Notice of Sale. Taxes to be levied on Goods of Persons driving their Cattle off their Lands chargeable with the Taxes. Lands to be rated to the Poor’s Rates, according to reJuced Rent. The South Bank of Brandon River, and the West Bank of Lakenheath-Load, hew to be repaired. Commissioners impowered to erect Turnpikes, and take Tolls to repair the Banks. Tolls vested in the Commissioners. Penalty on Persons refusing td pay Trills. 1 Penalty on taking riff Horses to avoid the Tolls. Commissioners to erect a TdMiriufe for maintaining certain.

[Proviso.]

Banks. No Toll on Horses haling Boats with Materials fotRepair'of Banksj Appeal may be made to the Quarter Sessions. Justices Determination not removeable by Certiorari*

Rights of the Conservators of Bedford Level laved as by 15 Car. 2* Limitation of Actions*- General Issue. Treble Costs. Publick Act.*

CAP. XXI.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His lafo Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain a Claafe in an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing Foreign-Trot eft ants, which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of the Crow* ^England*., or of Great Britiain, to the Children of fetch Children.

WHEREAS divers natural *born Subject a of Great Britain, who ptofefs ao<T exercise the p*aaM«y

Protestant Religion through various lawful causes, especially for the better carrying on of Commerce*have been, and arc, obliged tdrefide in several trading Cities and* other Foreign Places,.

.* where they hfcvrcotattaded Marriages* and brought up Families "- And whereas it ir equally just and:

expedient?

666

Protlfoci, &c. of Geo. II. not repealed ky tkii Act.

Not to abridge or alter the Act 5 Geo. 1.

Not to defeat any Right Tested in an«-other Person on the last Day of this Session.

NtlmWe,

Act 6 Geo. III.

C. 22r Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

expedient that the Kingdom should not be deprived of such Subjects, nor lose the Benefit of the Wealth that they have acquired 5 and therefore that not only the Children of such natural-born € Subieds, but their Children also, should continue under the Allegiance of His Majesty, and be in-

tifuled to come into this Kingdom, and to bring hither and realize, or otherwise employ, their Capital; but no Provision hath hitherto been made to extend farther than to the Children born out of the Ligeance of His Majesty, whose Fathers were natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain:' May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted;. and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons born, or who hereafter shall be born, out of the Ligeance of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, whose Fathers were or shall be, by virtue of a Statute made in the Fourth Year of King George the Second, to explain a Clause in an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relates to the natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, intitled to all the Rights and Privileges of natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England ox of Great Britain, shall and may be adjudged and taken to be, and are hereby declared and enacted to be, natural-born Subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, -as if he and they had been and were born in this Kingdom: any Thing contained in an Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and letter securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, to the Contrary in any-wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this present Act contained shall extend, or be construed, adjudged, or taken to extend, to make any Persons born, or to be born, out of the Ligeance of the Crown o( England, or of the Crown of Great Britain, to be natural-born Subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, contrary to all or any of the Provisoes, Exceptions, Limitations, and Restrictions, contained in the aforesaid Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, or to repeal, abridge, or alter the same; but all such Clauses shall be, and remain in the same State, Plight, and Condition, to all Intents, Construction?, and Purposes whatsoever, as they would have been if this present Act had never been made.

JII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this present Act contained shall extend, or be construed, adjudged, or taken to repeal, abridge, or any-ways alter, an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the Inconveniencus arising from seducing Artificiers in the Manufactures of Great Britain, into Foreign Parts $ nor to repeal, abridge, or any ways alter, any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage whatsoever, now in Force, concerning Aliens, Duties, Customs, and Impositions, nor to cause any Privilege, Exemption, or Abatement relating thereto, in favour of any Person naturalized by virtue of this Act* unless such Person shall come into this Realm, and there inhabit and reside, and shall take and subscribe the Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration appointed by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further Security of His Majesty's Person and Government:, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late PrinceJ's Sophia, being Protestants, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors, in such Manner and Form, and at such Place and Places as are in and by the said Act directed, and also receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, a cording to the Usage of the Church of England, or in some Protestant or reformed Congregation within this Kingdom of Great Britain, within Three Months before their taking the Oaths in the said Act mentioned 5 and shall, at the Time and Place of taking and subscribing the said Oaths, and of the making, repeating, and subscribing the said Declaration, produce a Certificate signed by the Person administering the said Sacrament, and attested by Two credible Witnesses, whereof an Entry shall be madejof Record in the Court and Courts respectively wherein such Oaths shall have been taken and subsewbed, without any Fee or Reward.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be enabled hereby to defeat any Estate, Right, or Interest, which upon the last Day of this Session shall be lawfully vested in any other Person, or to claim or demand any Estate or Interest, which shall hereafter accrue, unlefis such Claim or Demand be made within Five Years next, after the same shall accrue.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to continue tn Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regukte the Loading of Ships with Coalsf in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

T'I7 WHEREAS an Act was made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty. intituled, An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports ^Newcastle and Sunderland; which ‘ was to continue in Force for Seven Years: And whereas the said Act has proved useful to the Qoal i Trade;’ may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by, the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 23, 24^25. 667

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflerabledv and by the Authority of the same, Thai continncdfora the said Act shall be, and is hereby continued from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of ^urther Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament- cvcn #arg*

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the MHItia in that Part of Great Britain called England^ for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March> One thousand seven hundred and tev-eaty-three.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for further continuing Two Acts made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty's Retgrt for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty's Dominions in America. —Preamble. Ad 12. Geo. 3. further continued tuuiL March 24, 1775.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to explain Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of of His late Majesty, for naturalizing: such Foreign Protestants, and others, as are settled*

; or shall settle, in any of His Majesty's Colonies in America and the other of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants as have served, or (Rail serve, as Officers or Soldiers in His Majesty's Royal American Re* giment* or as Engineers, in America.

WHEREAS- by an-Ad, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty PrembW.

King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants) and others Ad 13 Geo. 2. 4 therein mentioned, as are Jettled, or shall Jettle^ in any of His Majestfs Colonies in America), all Persons born out of the Allegiance of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeuors, who (halt have inhabited an4 4 resided, or shall inhabk or refude, for the Space of Seven Years or more, in any of His Majesty's "Colonies in America, or shall not have been absent out of the said Colonies for a longer Space than Two Months at any One Time, during the said Seven Years, are, upon the Conditions prescribed "by the said Act, naturalized and made Partakers of all the Benefits and Privileges which the naturals

born Subjects of this Realm do- enjoy, other than such a* are specified in a Proviso in the said Act contained: And wherers by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of* Litis present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants as have served, or shall servey for '

the Time therein mentioned, as Officers or Soldiers in His majeslfs Royal American Regimentor as Enr gineers in America,) it is enacted, That all such Foreign Protestants, as well Officers as Soldiers,

who have served, or shall hereafter serve, in the Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in Ame- ricO) for the Space of Two Years, shall, upon the Terms required by the said recited Act, be * deemed, adjudged, and taken to be His Majesty's natural-born Subjects of this Kingdom, to all In-' tents, Constructions. and Purposes, as if they and every of them had been, or were, born within- this Kingdom; and in both whlcb Acts respectively are contained Provisoes, That no Person, who shall become a natural-born Subject of this Kingdom by virtue of the said Acts, shall be thereby*'

enabled to be of the Privy Council, or a Member of either House of Parliament, or to be capable of taking, having, or enjoying any Office or Place of Trust within the Kinedom of Great Britain * or Ireland, either Civil or Military, or of having, accepting,.or taking any Grant from the Crown*.

to himself, or to any other in Trust for him, of any Lands, Tenements* or Hereditaments, within the Kingdoms aforesaid And whereas Doubts may nevertheless ariTe, whether such Persons as have, been, or may be naturalized under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, are capable of taking, having, or enjoying any Office or Place of Trust, either Civil or Military, or of taking any Gfant of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, from the Crown whatsoeverj be it enacted and declared 1 by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and bjr the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons that have become, or shall become His Majesty's na- ah Personrwb* j tural-born Subjects, by Force or Virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, are and shall be deemed have, or shall to be capable of taking and holding any Office or Place of Trust, either Civil or Military, and of become His M*-taking and holding any Grant of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, from the Crown to himself ]*’! nV5[, U or themselves, or to any other or others in Trust for him or them, as well under the Great Seal of by^irt^of the Great Britain* otherwise, (other than and except Offices and Places, and Grants of Lands, Tenc- fwdAttt, are ments, and Hereditaments, within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland) y any Law or Ad of hereby deemed fiarliament ta tho Contxary notwithstanding*. capable of taking

and bolding. Places of Trust,},

either Civil or

' i. t, Military, Uo. -

668 C. 26. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for preventing Abuses in the Sale of Shares of British built Ships to Foreigners*

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His

Act u Cy. n. Yy Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Ship- ping end Navigation) \ it is, amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the First Day of December, One thousand six hundred and sixty, and from thenceforward, no Goods or Commodities whatsoever shall be imported into, or exported out of, any Lands, Islands, Plantations, or Territories to His Majesty belonging, or in His Possession, or which may thereafter belong unto,

or be in the Possession of His Majesty, His Heirs' or Successors, in Acts, Africa, or America, in any other Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels whatsoever, but such Ships and Vessels as did truly and with-\4 out Fraud belong only to the People of England or Irelandr. Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or were of the Built of, or belonging to, any of the said Lands, Islands, Plantations,

or Territories, as the Proprietors and right Owners thereof; and whereof the Master and Three- fourths of the Mariners at least were English, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture and Loss of all the Goods and Commodities which should be imported into, or exported out of, any of the aforesaid Places, in any other jShip or Vessel, as also of the Ship or Vessel, with all its Guns, Furniture,

Tackle, Ammunition, and Apparel j One-third Part thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue-

ceffore 3 One-third Part to the Governor of such Land, Plantation, Island, or Territory^ where such Default (houfd be committed, in case the said Ship and Goods be there foiled, or otherwise\

that Third Fait also to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Third Part to him ot them whoih.oijld ftize, inform, or (up for the lame, in any Court of Record, by Bill, Information, Plaint, or other Action, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, should be allowed;

and all Admirals and other Commanders at Sea, of any of the Ships of War, or other Ships having Commission from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, were thereby authorised and strictly required, to seize and bring in as Prize, all such Ships or Vessels as shall have offended contrary hereunto, and deliver them to the Court of Admiralty, thereto be proceeded against; and in caw of Condemnation, Ond Moiety of such Forfeiture shall be to the Use of such Admirals or Com*

14 manders, and their Companies, to be divided and proportioned amongst them, according to the Rules and Orders of the Sea, in case of, Ships taken Prize, and the other Moiety to the Use of His Ma*

iefty. His Heirs and Successors: And it is also by the said Act further enacted, That no Alien or 4 rerfan.not within the Allegiance of our Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs and Successors, or

naturalized or made a free Denizen, fh all, from and after the First Day of February, which should be in the Year of Our lyord One thousand six hundred and sixty-one, exercise the Trade or Occupation of a Merchant 6r Ea&or in any of the said Places, upon the Pain of the Forfeiture and Lo&

of all his Goods and Chattels, or which are in his Possession, One-third to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, (^ne-third* to the Governor of the Plantation where such Person shall so offend, '4 and the other Third to him or them that shall inform or sue far the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts in the Plantation \vhere such Offence shall be committed: And whereas by One other Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty

Guh c King William the Third, f intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plan-

111. recited* < tathn Trade,) it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That after the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, no Goods or Merchandises whatsoever shall be imported into, or exported out of, any Colony or Plantation to His Majesty in Asia, Africa, or America, be- longing, or in His Possession, or which may hereafter belong unto, or be in the Poflfession of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, as (half be laden in, or carried from, any One Port or Place in the said Colonies or Plantations to any other Port or Place in the same, the Kingdom of England, Domi- nion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or Bottom, but what is or shall be of the Built of England, or of the Built of Ireland, or the said Colonies of Plantations, and wholly owned by the People thereof, or any of them, and navigated with the Matters and Three-fourths of the Mariners of the said Places only, /except such Ships only as are or shall be taken as Prize, and Condemnation thereof made in One or the Courts of Admiralty in England, Ireland, or the said Colonies or Piaptations), to be navigated by the Master and Three-fourths of the Mariners English, or of the said*plantations as aforesaid, and whereof the Property did belong to Englishmen\ and also,

except for the Space of Three Years, such foreign-built Ships as should be employed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy far the Time being or Upon Contract with them, in bringing only Marts, Timber, and other Naval Stores, for the King’s Service, from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to this Kingdom, to be navigated as aforesaid, and whereof the Property doth belong to Englishmen, under Pain of Forfeiture or Ship and Goods, One-third whereof to be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and $ucceifars. One-third Part to the Governor of the said Colonies or Plantations, and the Other Third Part ro the Person who shall informor sue for the same, by £ill. Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or 'in any Court in His Majesty's Plantations, where such Offence shall be committed: and it is by the said last-recited Adk further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, no Ship or Vessel whatsoever shall be deemed or pass as a Ship of the Built of England, *4 Ireland\ Wales, Berwick, Guernsey, Jersey, or any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, so as to be f qualified

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 26, 27.

qualified to trade to, from, or in, any of the Plantations, until the Person or Persons claiming Property in such Ship or Vessel, shall register the same as followeth; that is to say. If the Ship at the Time of such Register, doth belong to any Port in England, Ireland, Wales, or to the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, then Proof shall be made, upon Oath, of One or more of the Owners of such Ship or Vessel before the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs in such*Port; or if at the Time of such Register the Ship belong to any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, or to the Islands of Guernsey ox Jersey, then the like Proof to be made before the Governor, together with the principal Officer of His Majesty's Revenue residing on such Plantation or Ifltnd; which Oath the said Governor and Officers of the Customs respectively are thereby authorised to administer in the Tenor following \ videlicet,

yURAt A.B. That the Ship - [Name] of

J [Port] whereof [Master’s Name]

being a [kind of built]. of Burthen

built at [Place where] in the Year

4< when] and that [Owners Name] of

of et cetera, are at present Owners thereof; and that no Foreigner, directly or indirectly, hath any Share or Part or Interest therein.0

is at present Matter, Tons was [Time

and

669

Which Oath being attested by the Governor or Custom-house Officer respectively, who admini- ftered the same under their Hands and Seals, shall, after having been registered by them, be de- liverod to the Master of the Ship for the Security of her Navigation, a Duplicate of which RC-4 gifter shall be immediately transmitted to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in the Pott of London, in order to be entered in a general Register to be there kept for this Purpose; with Penalty upon any Ship or Vessel trading to, from, in any of His Majesty's Plantations in Ame- r/V/j, after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, and not having made Proof of her Built and Pro- pertv, as is here directed, that (he shall be liable, and (he is thereby made liable to such Prosecutior*

and Forfeiture, as any Foreign Ship, (except Prizes condemned in the High Court of Admiralty),

would for trading with these Plantations by such Law bo liable to: And it is also further enactecf,

That no Ships Name registered shall be afterwards changed without registering such Ship de novor which is thereby required to be done, upon any Transfer of Property to another Port, and delivering up the former Certificate to be cancelled, under the same Penalties, and in the like Manner as is therein-before directed; and that in case there be any Alteration of Property in the same Port, by the Sale of One or more Shares of any Ship after registering thereof, such Sale shall al- ways be acknowledged by Indorsement on the Certificate of the Register, before Two Witnesses, in order to prove that the entire Property in such Ship remains in some of the Subjects of England

if any Dispute arises concerning the same: And whereas, notwithstanding the said good and whole- some Laws, many Inconveniencies have arisen, and may. hereafter arise, by Foreigners, or other Persons not natural-born Subjects of His Majesty, becoming possessed of, and intitled unto, any Part or Share of any British Ship or Vessel whatsoever, belonging only to natural-born Subjects of His»

Majesty, whereby the other Part Owners of such Ship or vessel cannot obtain the Register required by the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of His said late Majesty King IVMiam the Third,

for the Security of the Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, whereby the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom hath been and may be greatly hindered and obstructed For Remedy whereof, may it please Your Majesty that may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Foreigner or NoForrgnert* other Person or Persons whatsoever, not being a natural-born Subject of His Majesty, His Heirs or share of a°BH- Successors, shall be intitled to or shall purchase or contract for any Part or Parts, Share or Shares, of tl(h ship without any British Ship or Vessel whatsoever, belonging only to natural-born Subjects of His Majesty, His Heirs the Consent ot or Successors, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of Three-fourth Parts in the Owner* of Value at least of such Ship or Vessel, for that Purpose first had and obtained, and indorsed on the Three-tourth* Certificate of the Register of such Ship before Two Witnesses; and all Agreements, Contracts, Pur-0 1 u*r chafes, and Sales, of any Part or Share of any British Ship or Vessel, belonging only to natural-born Subjects of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, made, entered into, contracted for, or concluded by any such Foreigner or other Person or Persons not being a natural-born Subject or Subjects of His Majesty, His Herrs or Successors, without such Coafent first had and obtained and indorsed as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby declared to be absolutely null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the City and County of the City of Exeter.

670 C. 28.

Anno decirrio testio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious the Harbours of the Town of Greenock; for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholsome Water; and for paving, cleaning, lightings and watching the Streets, and other publick Places, within the said Town.

WHEREAS the Harbours of Greenock, in the County of Renfrew, have of late Years, by the Flux and Reflux of the Tide, and various other causes, been greatly choaked and filled

and Vessels now belonging, and trading to and from the said Port, are more numerous, and of larger Dimensions than heretofore: And whereas the Quays and Piers already made and constructed by and at the Expence of the Town of Greenock, within the said Port or Harbours are not sufficient for the Reception and convenient Lying of the Ships and Vessels resorting thereto, and for the requisite and convenient Dispatch in loading and unloading the same, which render the deepening,

cleansing, and scouring of the said Harbours, and the building and erecting new and additional Piers and Quays, highly necessary, and the same will be of great publick Utility* as well as of Advantage to the Trade of the said Town: And whereas the Inhabitants of the Town of Greenccky and Shipping the re, have, in certain Seasons of the Year, much Difficulty in getting fresh and wholesome Water; and the Streets of the said Town are ill paved, cleansed, and not lighted, nor a 4 Watch kept for preventing Disorders in the Night-time: And as the deepening, cleansing, and scouring of the said Harbours, and the building and erecting the said new and additional Piers and Quays, and the bringing in Water into the Town; and the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, and keeping Watchmen in the said Town, will be attended with considerable Expence- which the ordinary Revenue of the said Town cannot defray; and as the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in rhis present Parliament affirm* Ma ttrateiof anc* by ^ie Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Magistrates

CtccDock may or Bailies, and Town Council of the Burgh or Barony of Greenock, and their Successors in Office, or deco*-., and scour such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, as they tfet Harbour*, shall fee Occasion, to deepen, clean, scour, and preserve the said Harbours of Greenock, and the Im-«nd build Pkri, provements and Additions which shall be made thereto by virtue of this present Act, from Dirt and Mud, and other Obstructions whatsoever and alto to build and ered, or cause to be built and erected therein, (except as herein after if excepted). Piers and Quays of proper Dimensions; particularly a Quay or Pier Eastward from the present Harbours, to a Point of Lind called MacGilp's Tenement, and to carry out the same from the said Point into the River; and likewise such and so many other Quays, Piers, Jettees, and Breads to the East of the aforesaid Point, or to the West ward of the present Harbours* and other necessary Works within the said Harbours and Bay of Greenock, for the Reception of all Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Port and Harbours, and for the more convenient loading and unloading of such Ships and Vessels, and to be executed in such Manner, as the Commissioners herein after named, or any Thirteen or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, in Manner as herein after directed, shall judge to be necessary and expedient.

Hen, fee. not to

II. Provided always, That no Quay, Peer, Jcttee, Bread, or any other Work hereby authorised to be built East of be built and erected, shall be built and erefled to the Eastward of the said Point of Land called Mac aKnt^or WeTm GiIp*s Tenement, or to the West ward of the present Harbours of Greenock, without the Consent in withou* Lord* Writing of Charles Schaw Lord Cathcart, his Heirs or A Signs, under his or their Hands and Seals first had and obtained for that Purpose any Thing herein-before contained to the Contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Two Bailies named by the Feuars and Subfeuars and Town Council of Greenock, and their Suftessors in Office, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Ac* in Execution: And, for the better effecting the Ends and Purposes of the same, and that the Fee and Property of the Quays, Piers, Breads, and oiber Workstobe made, built, and erected, by virtue of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby velted in the said Trustees, to and for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid; and that the said Trustees are and shall be bound to apply the Rates and Duties herein after mentioned in making and repairing* and keeping and maintaining the same in good Order and Repair, and in preserving the said Port and Harbours clean and free from Mud, Dirt, and other Obstructions.

Hutai Dotiw.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of June* On#

Cathcart1* Coa< Scat.

Trustct*.

thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and such Person and Persons as they shall appoint, to demand, collect, receive, and take (over and above all other Rates and Duties which at present subsist, and are levied from Ships, Vessels, Baiks* Lighters, and Boars, coming into, or going out of the said Port or Harbours of Greenock) of and from all and every the Masters and Owners of any Ship*, Vessels, Barks, and Lighters, bound outward

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 28. 671

from the said Port and Harbours of Greenock, on any foreign Voyage, or to any foreign Country or Place, or British Plantation, One Penny Halfpenny Sterling for each and every Ton which such Ships, Vessels, Barks, and Lighters, shall measure; and also One Penny Halfpenny Sterling for each and every Ton of such Ships, vessels, Barks, and Lighters, coming into the Port and Harbours aforesaid, from any foreign Voyage, Country, or Place, or British Plantation; and from the Masters and Owners of all Vessels of Thirty Tons or upwards, trading and coming into and out of the said Port, from or to any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, without proceeding to, or coming from, any other Place or Country, Three Farthings Sterling for each Ton Burthen such Vessel shall measure, every Time they shall arrive in, or fail from, the Port or Harbours aforesaid; and from the Masters and Owners of all small Vessels abeve the Burthen of Fifteen Tons, and under the Burthen of Thirty Tons, trading to or from any Port of Great Britain or Ireland', without proceeding to or coming from any other Place or Country, Threepence Sterling for each Ton or Burthen every Year they shall fail to, or come from, the Port and Harbours aforesaid, the Commencement of which Year to be reckoned from the Time of their coming into or going out of the said Harbours after the Twenty-fourth Day* of jfyne, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and the Payment of the said Duty for the then current Year to be paid before clearing out of the Port and Harbours aforesaid.

V. Provided always, That only such Ships, Vessels, Lighters, and Boats, as shall enter into the Vei&h lotted said Harborirs of Greenock, between the Kirkburn 011 the Westward, and the Deli'gburn on the East- with Provision*, ward, or which shall load or unload within the Port of Greenock, shall be liable for, and pay the &c* aforesaid Rates and Duties: And that all Ships and Vessels, Lighters and Boats, coming into the Port from Dulie% and Harbours of Greenock aforesaid, solely and only loaded with Fish fresh or salted, or with Provisions of any Kind, or solely and only loaded with Corn, Grain, and Meal, or with Stones, Slates, and Coals, which shall be discharged within the Port and Harbours aforesaid, or that may proceed from thence with the said Loading to any Part within the River Clyde\ and all Lighters, Boats, and Vessels, loaded with Salt and Cask only, going to or coming from the Herring Fitting; and all Ships or Vessels arriving in the Port and Harbours aforesaid in Ballast, and without any Kind of Goods or Mer-chand ifeon Board, shall be free and exempted from the Rates and Duties granted by this ActL-

VI. And be it also further enacted, That the Masters and Owners of all Ships, Vessels, Barks, and Shift, See* to br Lighters, trading to and from the said Port and Harbours, and liable to the Payment of the Rates mailed, and Duties by this Act imposed, shall permit and suffer the said Ships, Vessels, Barks, and Lighters, to be measured by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall, from Time to Time, appoint for that Purpose, and shall pay the Rates and Duties aforesaid according to such Measurement; and that every Owner or Master aforesaid who shall refuse to have his or their Ship* Vessel,

Bark, or Lighter, measured as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay to the said Trustees the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling,

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Colietfors and for the said Trustees to nominate and appoint a Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for other Officer* to levying the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, and such other Officers and Servants as they shall bc appointed, judge necessary to be employed under them, for carrying the same into Execution, and from Time to Time, to remove such Officers and Servants, or any of them, and to appoint others in their Stead; and to settle such reasonable Fees or Salary for them as to the said Trustees shall appear to be just and proper; and that all and every the Collectors and Receivers of the said Rates and Duties ttall byt cTruflccl* keep fair and regular Books and Accounts of all Money received under the Authority of this Act,

twhich Books and Accounts ttall be open and patent to the said Trustees, and to the Commissioners erein-after named, or any Two of them, at aH Times when th^y ttall demand Inspection of the same), and ttall pay and dispose thereof in such Manner as by the said Trustees shall be directed: And Collector* to that the Collector anti Collectors, Person or Persons, so to be appointed to receive the said Rates and give Security. Duties, and all and every of them, ttall give good and sufficient Security to the said Trustees for answering and paying the Monies arising from the same* and which shall be by him or them respectively collected or received, and fl ail make Oath to the Truth of his or their Accounts so often as he or they shall be thereunto required; and that it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees to let in Lease to the best Bidder or Bidders, at publick Roup or Sale for that Purpose appointed, (and advertised in all the Glasgow Nrws-papers Two several Times, Fourteen Days at lead before such Roup or Sale), the Rates or Duties aforesaid, for any Time or Space not exceeding Three Years,

VIII. And, to prevent any Delay or Evasion in the Payment of the Rates and Duties aforesaid, To prevent be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day of June, One evaoing the Pay thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, there shall be produced to the Collector, or other Officers !?ent of of His Majesty's Customs of Greenock, by the Masters or Owners of every Ship, Vessel, Bark or Dut, ei*

Lighter, coming into or failing out of the said Port or Harbours of Greenock, or liable in the Rates r and Duties in this Act granted, a Receipt or other sufficient Voucher of the Payment of the said Rates and Duties; and that until such Production be made, and the Collector or other Officers aforesaid ttall be satisfied with the same, the said Collector and other Officers ttall not take or receive any Entry or Cocquet, or other Discharge or Clearance, or take any Report outward of any Ship, Vessel, Bark, or Lighter, Foreign or British, liable dr subject' to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, under the Penalty of Five Pounds Sterling. f

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said vied by^ifbcft Trustees, and to fuel* Person and Persons as shall be for that Purpose authorised by them, to go on Caf«of k«-

R board fu£ai,

672 C. 28. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

board any Ship, Bark, Lighter, dr Vessel, and to take the Dimensions thereof, and to demand, collect, and receive from any Owner, Matter, or other Person, having the Charge of any Ship, Bark, Lighter, or Vessel, the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed and made due and payable; and in case of Delay or Refusal of Payment, to take, seize, and detain, preferable to, and notwithstanding of, any Attachment, Arrestment, or other Right whatsoever, claimable by, or due to, any other Person or Persons, any of the Goods, Merchandise, Tackle. Furniture, and Apparel, of or belonging to any such Ship, Bark, Lighter, or other Vessel, and the lame to detain until the said Duty and Duties be satisfied and paid; and that in case of any Neglect or Delay in the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, for the Space of Three Days after such taking, seizing, and detaining aforesaid, it shall and may be then lawful to and for the said Trustees, and to-and for such Person and Persons authorised by them as aforesaid, to cause the same to be appraised by Two or more sufficient Persons, and afterwards, to sell and dispose of the Goods and other Effects so taken and appraird, and therewith to satisfy the Duty or Duties so neglected or delayed to be paid, together with the Charge of such seizing, taking, felling, and detaining, (as the same shall be ascertained by the Sellers upon Oath), rendering to the Matter or Owners of such Ship, Bark, Lighter, or other Vessel, or Owners of such Goods, the Overplus (if any be) on Demand,

Penalty on Skip- X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Master, Commander, or mastertevading other Person taking upon himself the Command, or appearing to be Matter or Commander, or any rKf rw^nt Owner, Factor, or Consignee of any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, shall, at any Time from the Commencement of this Act, elude or avoid the Payment of any Rates and Duties hereby granted, by any

Method whatsoever, evesy such Master, Commander, or other Person aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit unto the said Trustees the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, and shall, notwithstanding, stand charged with and be liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties.

Trustees im-

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall and may, powered to bor* and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest

row Money. any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding at any One Time the Sum of Five thousand Pounds Sterling, and to grant, assign, and set over the several Rates, Duties, and Tonnage, given and granted by this Act, to any1 Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall be willing to advance and lend Money thereon, for securrng the Payment of the same, with Interest respectively; and that the Money so to be borrowed and advanced shal] be employed for the Ends and Purposes of this Act ond not otherwise.

R»tcs, tec. to be

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and Sums of applied to the Money which shall be levied and received from the Rates and Duties aforesaid, and which shall be rc-Worstsef the covered Forfeitures incurred under and by virtue of this Act, shall, by the said Trustees, after Harbovr. paying Two-thirds of the Expence of this Act, be applied for and towards the deepening, clearing, scouring, enlarging, and improving, maintaining and cleansing, the Harbours of Greenock, from all Dirt and Mud, and other Obstructions whatsoever, and for keeping and preserving the same clean, and for and towards marking, erecting, building, and finishing such Piers, Quays, and Jettees, and other Works, in the Manner directed, appointed, and provided by this Act, and for the executing and performing of all necessary Works, and paying the Officers and Servants to be employed in and about or concerning the same, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Ships laid byr at

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship, Bark, Lighter, Boat, or unStforService, Vessel, which shall be laid by as unlit for further Sea Service, or neglected by the Owner, shall be *tllC Perm*tte^ *° b® and remain in the present Harbours of Greenock, or in any of the Piers and Quays to fiiimr. be erected, so as to encumber the lame; but that in every such Case, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Shoremaster nominated yearly by the said Bailies and Town Council of Greenock, and their Successors in Office for the said Port, immediately to cause such Ship, Bark, Lighter, Boat, or Vessel, so unserviceable or neglected, to be, at the Expence of the Owner or Owners of the same, removed from the said Quays and Piers, or any of them, and to lay the said Ship or other Vessel on any Part of the Strand or Sea-(hore, within the High-water Mark, or any other Place of Safety without the said Harbours, and there to moor such Ship or other Vessel; and that on -or before Demand of Payment is made by such Shoremaster from the Owner or Owners, Matters or Agents, of such Ship, Bark, or other1 Vessel, of the Charge of removing and mooring such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, as aforesaid, fi*ch Charges and Expences shall be nrftrfeen and allowed by One of the Bailies of Greenock for the Time being: And that in case of Refufahor Neeleft of Payment of such Charges and Expences allowed as aforesaid for the Space of Five Days after Demand shall be made; then, and in every such Caf$,<ft shall and may be lawful to and for the said Shoremaster to levy such Expences by Distress and ^ale of such Ship, Bark, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, or any of her Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture, or any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus, (after deducting the Charge of taking, keeping, and Sale of such Distress), to the Owner or Owners, Matter, Factor, or Agent, of such Ship, Bark, Lighter, Boat, or Vessel, whenever the same shall be demanded.

Goods to be ve-

XIV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to, or in the mov«d from the Power of, any Person or Persons who shall have landed, and caused to be landed and laid any Goods or Merchandise, Timber, Wood of any Kind, Malts, Yards, Pumps, Boats, Anchors, Cables, Casks, Guns, Ballad, Paving-(tones, .‘Lime-stones, Slates, Soapers Watte, Dung, or Manure, or any other Thing (other than Materials for the necessary Repairs of the Piers and Quays, or for immediate Use Shipping) upon any of the Piers and Quays, jor Landing-places, within the said Harbours, or in

any

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 28* 673

any of the adjacent Streets and Avenues leading to the said Quays and Piers, or any of them, to continue or permit the same, or any Part thereof, to remain and lie thereon for any longer Time than Forty-eight Hours 5 and in all Cases where the said Goods, and others aforesaid, shall have so continued beyond the Space of Forty-eight Hours, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Shoremaster for the Time being to remove, or cause to be removed, all such Goods and other Thing* as he shall so find lying, continuing, and being, on the said Quays and Piers, and other Places above the said limited Time, to some Place or Places of Safety, and therein to detain and keep the same till Payment of the Charges of such Removal and Dentention, and of such Consideration bcfiJes to the said Officers for their Trouble in and about the same, as any One of the said Bailies of Greenock shall think reasonable: And if such Charges and Expences shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days after Demand made thereof by the said Shoremaster; then, and in every such Case, he and they respectively are hereby authorised and required to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the said Good* and Chattels so respectively secured, and render the Overplus, (if any be) to the Owner or Owners thereof, the Charges of taking, keeping, and making Sale of such Distress, being deduced and allowed whenever the same shall be demanded,

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or their Shore- w*refa®»frt, fcc, n ailer aforesaid, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, out of any of the *»jr be hire!* Rates and Duties aforesaid, to rent or hire, by the Year or otherwise, any convenient Warehouse,

Yard, or other Place, for the receiving, safe keeping, or lodging of such Goods and other Things so to be removed from off the Quays and other Places as aforesaid; or to inclose, erect, or build any such Yard, Warehouse, or other Buildings, on their own Ground, or on Ground to be purchased by them, as to them shall seem most meet and fitting.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, <$a«p»w4er, arf Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy, or other spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, other c«mW-Straw, Tallow, Grease, bhavines of Wood, or other such combustible Things, shall be suffered to be oMe M»mr, and remain on the Piers and Quays aforesaid, already constructed, or hereafter to be constructed,

within the said Port or Harbours of Greenock, or in any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship or Vessel in the said Piers or Quays lying in the Harbours aforesaid, for above the Space of Twenty-four Hours after passing the Custom-house Officers: And that in case such Goods and Things cannot be conveniently removed or got oft' from such Quays, Place or Places, by Day-light; that then, and in every such Case, the Owners of such Goods and Things shall be obliged, and are hereby required to set and maintain, at their own Expence, a sufficient Number of careful, discreet, and sober Persons, to guard and watch over the same, for such and so many Hours, according to the Season of the Year, as the said Shoremaster shall signify and appoint; and in case the Owner or Owners of such Goods and other Things, or the Matter and Mailers of Ships, Barks, and other Vessels, shall make Default herein, every such Owner or Owners, Matter or Mate, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling.

XVII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees or Shoremaster for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as they shall authorise and appoint, shall and may,

and he or they are hereby authorised and impowered, when and so often as he or they shall judge Binb to

necessary, to remove, or cause to be removed, any Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, lying in tnotbec* any of the Entrances or Passages of the said Harbours of Greenock, or at any Pier, Quay and Bread, already built, or hereafter to be built, by virtue of this Act, or in any other Part of the said Harbours, from the Birth or Lyimr-place at which they shall respectively happen to be stationed or moored at the Time, to any other Birth or Lying«place, as he or they shall think proper: And in

case the Matter, Mate, or any other Person having and taking the Command and Charge of the said Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, Or Boat, shall, after Notice given him in Writing, or left in Writing on Board the Ship or Vessel intended to be removed. Twelve Hours before the Time of Removal, by the said Shoremaster, or such other Person or Persons as he shall appoint, neglect, or refuse to remove, or cause to be removed, during the first High-water or Tide after such Notice, such Ship, Vessel, Bark,

Lighter, or Boat, fresh her said Birth, to such other Birth or Mooring-places as are or shall be appointed unto them by the said Shoremaster, or any other Person authorised by him; that then the said Trustees or Shoremaster for the Time being, or any other Person or Persons he or they shall order or appoint, shall have Power, and are hereby directed and impowered, immediately after such No- 1 tice, Neglect, or Refusal, to remove, or cause to be removed, such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, lying as aforesaid, from their present Birth and Mooring-place to such other Birth and Mooring-places as the said Shoremaster shall judge proper; and that the Matters, Commanders, Owners, and Coflfignees of such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, so to be removed as aforesaid, shall respectively pay to the said Trustees all such Cost and Charges as shall be reasonably expended in removing such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, to be recovered, levied, and applied, in the same Manner as the Forfeitures and Penalties imposed by this Act are herein ordered to be recovered, levied* and applied; and that every Master, Commander, Mate, or other Person, taking upon himself the Command of any Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, or the Owner, Factor, Consignee, or Agent, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall obstruct or hinder the RemovaKof any such Ship,

Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Vessel Vesselt in DH*-shall arrive or come into the said Road or Harbours of Greenock in Distress, or meet with any Mif- tref* to ht*e fortune in the Road or Harbours aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Bailies of the Preference of

Greenock, olber

674- C. 28. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Greenock, ACC upon Request made to them in Writing by the Master, Commander, or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, or Owner of any Goods on board of such Ship or Vessel, and upon Proof being made be'* fore him of such Distress, to ewe a Preference to such Ship or Vessel being in Distress as aforesaid, both as to Birth at the Piers and Quays, and as to the Course of Discharging, to any other Ship or Vessel arrived before her in the Port aforesaid; and that every Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel lying within the Harbours of Greenock, who shall refuse or delay to comply with the Order of the said Bailie, in favour of the said Ship or Vessel in Distress, shall foreit the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling, to be levied and applied in the Manner herein after directed.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Tweijty-fourth Day of Juniy One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, it shall not be lawful to any Person or Per-foris to throw or empty any Ballast, Dust, Allies, or Rubbish, Shingle, Stones or other Things, into the said Harbours, or bring Rafts of Wood into the same, or to dig and take away any Ballast, Shingle, Stones, or other Things, from within the same, to the Hurt and Prejudice of the said Harbours, or of the Works erected*.or to erected, for the Security and Accommodation of the same, or to do any other Act or Deed to prejudice or annoy the same, or any Part thereof, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings Sterling for every such Offence.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons who shall or a Pa'*ltf9 &C* ^erea^ter have Occasion to throw or cast out any Ballast from out of any Ship or other Vessel a auto 401. ^pQn any Quay$ Pier or Breast, or other Place in or about the said Qjuays, Piers, Breads, or other Works, made or to be made, as before mentioned, belonging to the said Port and Harbours, shall not suffer the same to be and remain on the said Quays, Piers, Breasts, or other Places, but shall immediately thereafter cart and carry away, or cause the same to be carted and carried away, to such Place t. or Places as any of the Bailies of Greenock, or the Shoremaster aforesaid, shall for such Purposes* provide and appoint, on Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, Forty Shillings Sterling.

Owners of Vef-

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter or Owner of every Ship,.

*ls*answerat>le Bark, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, lying or trading in the Harbours o( Greenock, shall be and is hereby made answerable to the said Trustees for the Amount or Value of any Damage or Mischief that shall be done by any of the Servants, Boatmen, Bargemen, or Watermen, on board the same, to any of the Piers, Quays, breasts, or other Works already constructed, or that shall be constructed by virtue of this Act, with full Costs of Suit; and that such Damages and Costs shall be sued for, and recovered in Manner herein after directed.

XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to pack, or cause to be packed, upon any of the Quays, Piers, or Breasts, built or to be built, as aforesaid, any Herrings, or other Fish, or to fufter Herrings, and other Fish, which Piers,&c. above are tolieupon the said Piers, Quays, and Breasts, longer than Forty-eight Hours; and that

acertam ime. after they have ja^j the Space, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Shoremaster aforesaid to carry away the said Herrings, or other Fish, and lay them up in a Cellar or Warehouse, at the Expence of the Owner or Proprietor; and that the said Shoremaster shall detain the said Herrings, and other Fish, till the Charges of carrying them from the Piers, Quays, and Breasts, shall be satisfied, and the Cellar Rent paid.

sWriufterto

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Shoremaster nominated and ap* inffca the State pointed by the said Trustees for the said Ports and Harbours of Greenock shall be, and is hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, and at all Times after the passing of this Act, carefully to* inspect into the State of the said Pjers, Quays, Bieafts, and other Places within the Port and Harbours of Greemck, and to prevent, as far as his Power shall extend, any Offences made punishable by this Act from being committed; and that in any Case of any wilful Neglect or Default therein, the said Shoremaster shall forfeit and pay Twenty Shillings Sterling for each and every such Offence.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to the said Trustees, or any Collector to be appointed by them, for receiving any Part of the Rates and Duties g-anted by this Act, to prosecute and recover the several Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs of Suit, by this present Act imposed, in all such Cases where the Sum to be recovered shall amount to Five Pounds Sterling or upwards, by Action, Bill, Complaint, or Information, within Six Months after such Offence is committed, before the Bailies of Greenock, or any Two or more Justices of the Peace, or any other Judge competent for civil Actions, within whole Jurisdiction the Offender or Offenders shall reside, and be apprehended; and that the said Bailies or Justices of the Peace shall, and they are hereby impowered and required to proceed to the Trial of such Offences in a summary Way; and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offender?, by their own Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witness’cs, to award and give such Orders, Judgments, and Decrees, as to them shall seem mod agreeable to th- true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that in Default of Payment of the several Fines, Penalties, forfeitures, Damages, and Costs of Suit hv‘rein*before enacted, which shall be awarded and ordered by the Bailies Justices of Peace, or Judge aforesaid, ir.e Person or Persons which shall be convicted of any of the Offences before described, shall and nny be sent by the Bailies, Justices of the Peace, or Judges aforesaid, to the Prison or House of Correction, next to the Place where the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, and there to be kept at hard Labour for such Time, rot exceeding Six Months, as such Bailies* Justices, or Judge*, ihftl direct; and that the whole Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures aforesaid, whiph shall be recovered by the said Trustees, or their Collectors, as aforesaid, after Deduction of the necessary Charges of recovering the same, shall be applied for and towards the building, making,

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

A.D.

Ball*ft, &c. not to be thrown into the Harbour

nor to lie on any

Dili* I’i.f

for Damages done by their Crews.

Herrings, and other Fish, not to lie on the

f the Piers.

Fines and Forfeitures, of 5 I. or upwards how to be sued for and recovered.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 28. 675

erecting, maintaining, and repairing the Work or Works aforesaid, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every other Penalty,' Fine, F;ncf> and ror. and Forfeiture, imposed, and which shall be incurred by Virtue of this Act, and not amounting to the feiture, *c. Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, shall and may be sued for and recovered by the said Trustees, or any u"der 5 >^ Collector appointed by them,'before any One of the Bailies of Greenock, or any One Justice of the 10 *rccovc,cJ* Peace within whose Jurisdiction the Offender or Offenders before mentioned shall be apprehended or

reside for the Time, by Action, Bill, and Complaint, or Information made in that Behalf, within Six Months after such Offence shall have been committed; and that the said Bailie or Justice of Peace, aforesaid shall have Power, and he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to proceed to the Trial of such Offences summarily \ and, upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders in any of the Ways before-mentioned, to give such Ordjrs, Judgements and Decrees, as to him or them shall fee 111' most agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and in Default of Payment of the several Fines, Forfeitures, and others last mentioned, io to be awarded determined by the said Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, the Person which shall be convicted, as aforesaid, shall and may be lent by the said Bailie and Justice of the Peace, to the nearest Prison or House of Correction, for such Time as the said Judges shall dir.ed, not exceeding Tnrce Months, and that the said pecuniary Penalties, not amounting to Five Pounds Sterling, shall, after Deduction of the necessary Charge of recovering the same, be applied. One Half thereof to the Use of the Informer," and the other Half to the Ministers and Kirk Sessions of Greenock, for the Use of the Poor of these Parishes.

XXVI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the Peace, Juices may Bailie, and other Judges aforesaid, or any of them, by whom such Judgment, Sentence, or Determination nrtiP4,c Pe-shall be given, pronounced, or made, from Time to Time, where they fee Cause, to mitigate, compound, or leften any of the Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid, as he or they in his or their Discretion

shall think fit, so as such Mitigation or Corpposition do not extend to remit above one fyloiety of the Penalty inflicted and directed to be levied by this Act -> and that every such Mitigation or Composition shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Persons offending respectively for so much of the said Penalties and forfeitures as shall be so mitigated, lessened, or remitted.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Trustee*, &c. the said Trustees, or their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Servants, to open Stone Quarries Sand, y ukc Ma-Clay, and Gravel Pits, and to dig, gaither, take, and carry away, from such Quarries and Pits any tcriah fresh any Stone, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, in and out of any Grounds lying within Six wltiilQ Six Miles of the Town of Greenock, (not being Ground on which Hands any Houses, Garden, Orchard,

planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House), where such Materials are or may be found, and " from Time to Time to cause the same to be carried off, or so much thereof as the said Trustees and their Deputies, Agents, Officers, or Servants, shall judge necessary for carrying on, executing, and, repairing, the several Piers, Quays, and Breads, and other Works already built in the said Harbours, of Greenock, or authorised to be built by virtue of this Act, and for keeping the said Works in good Order and Repair, the said Trustees paying the Value (to be estimated according to the Prices of such paying the Materials at the Time in that Part of the Country,) of the Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Ma- ^aJu* to the terials, so to be carried in and out of the aforesaid Ground, to the Proprietors, Life-renters, Tackffroprlctorl# men, and other Parties interested in such Grounds, out of which such* Materials shall be carried away in Manner aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Road* to be the said Trustees, and their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Servants, jo make, use, and maintain made 10 Roads from the said Grounds opened for quarrying and digging Stones, Sand, Grave], Clay, and Harbour* other Materials, to any Part of the River and Firth of Clyde, or from the said Pits and Quarries so to be > opened as aforesaid, directly to the Harbours of Greenock \ and to make the same through any Ground belonging to any Person or Persons whatsoever, (not being the Ground on which (lands any House,

or any Garden, Orchard, and Walk or Walks planted, or Avenue to any House), the said Trustees making reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage done to the Ground through which the said Road or Roads pass to the Proprietor, Life-renter, Tacksman, and other Parties concerned and interested in ..

such Grounds, to which such Damage shall be done or occasioned, as aforesaid.

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall Exrep*Ion as to

not be in the Power of the said Bailies and Council of Greenock, or of their Servants or Agents, or of *hc Sandbanks, any other Person or Persons employed by them, to dig or carry away any Sand or other Materials for C°

the making of the said Piers, Quays, and other Works, as aforesaid, from* or out of any of the Sand

Banks and Fishing Places belonging to the Burgh of Dumbarton, in the River Clyde, or in the River Leven, without the Consent of Magistrates and Town Council of the said Burgh of Dumbarton first had and obtained.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatso* Penalty «n any ever shall, after passing of this Act, maliciously, wilfully, or wantonly demolish, break down, destroy, ?crf°hn d^0,l£~ or set on fire, any of the Jettees, Piers, Quays, Breasts, or other Work3 constructed, or to be ,ng 1 c 01 s\*i constructed, in or belonging to the said Harbours of Greenock^ qr any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel,* 1

lying or being the rein, every such Person or Persons so offending shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court and Courts by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be indicted and tried, shall,; and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Felon or Felons for the Space of Seven Years,

676 C. 28. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. # A.D. 1773.

in like Manner as ocher Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

Byt-iawt, arc.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to my be made* an(j for the said Bailies and Council of Greenock^ and their Successors in Office, in Common Council assembled, at any Time or Times hereafter, to make, ordain, and establish, such Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, for the better deepening, clearing, cleansing, and keeping in Repair the Harbours of Greenock aforesaid } and for the better regulating, governing, and managing, the Jcttees, Piers, Quays, and every other the Works erected, or to be erected, made, or set up in the Harbours aforesaid, and for the better executing the other Purposes of this Act; and also from Time to Timcra$ Occasion may require, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter, such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, as to them shall Teem meet, fitting, and requisite, and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, for the Nonobservance or other Breach of all or any such Rules or Bye-laws, or any Part of them; to be recovered and applied in such Manner, and according as the Penalties under Five Pounds Sterling are ordained to be recovered, levied, and applied; and the said Bailies and Council, and their Successors in Office, shall cause the said Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, to be printed and distributed, and hung up in the most conspicuous Place of the Cudotn-house of Greenock, and to pay the Expence and Charge thereof out of the Rates and Duties aforesaid. are to bt

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the following Persons shall be Com-Oammitfioftcn* missioners for allowing, authorising, and confirming, all the additional Piers, Quays, Breads, and other Works which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and for directing what Part of the said Work shall be first begun; and for inspeding, auditing, and adjuding, the Accounts, and all the Collectors Receipts anaDisbursements under and by virtue of the same, for the Ends and Purposes before mentioned; that is to say, The Two Bailies and Town Council of Greenock for the Time being, Charles Schaw Lord Cathcarty and his Heirs; Sir Michael Stewart of Blackball Baronet, and his Heirs in the Edate of Ardgowan; John Schaw Stewart Esquire of Greenock, and his Heirs in the Edate of Greenock; the Representative in Parliament of the County of Ren few for the Time being; Nine Merchants, Inhabitants of the Town of Greenock, to be nominated as herein after mentioned; and the Provod and Dean of Guild for the Time being; and Eight Merchants, Inhabitants of the City of Glasgow, to be also nominated hi Manner as herein after mentioned, shall be Commissioners for the Ends and Purposes lad mentioned.

Wkonaynotbe

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be Omaaffiaacn. capable of being elected of the Number of the said Nine Commissioners, who for himself (as Owner or Part Owner of Ships or Vessels belonging to the said Town of Greenock) shall not contribute and pay yearly, and within each Year, the Sum of Two Pounds Ten Shillings Sterling at lead to the last mentioned Uses and Purposes of this present Act; and that no Owner, or Part Owner, of any Ships or ' Vessels belonging to the said Town of Greenock, and being Inhabitants of the same, who shall not contribute and pay as aforesaid yearly, and within the Year, Ten Shillings Sterling at lead, shall be received or admitted to vote in the Election of the Nine Commissioners before mentioned,

Tims of First

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Meeting for the and for the Bailies of Greenock, and they are hereby authorised and required to call and convene the choice of Cm- Owners, or Part Owners, of Ships or Vessels belonging to the said Town of Greenock, being Inhabi-nUfioBtft. tants of the same, by publick Advertisements, Fourteen Days preceding the Meeting; and they are hereby required to meet together in the Town-house of Greenock, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, on the Fird Tuesday of November, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three. and so yearly thereafter on the Fivd Tuesday of November* and then and there elect, nominate, and appoint, by Plurality of Voices of such as are present. Nine Persons to be Commissioners on their Part, for the Purposes before mentioned; and that the Nine Persons so elected and chosen shall be and continue Commissioners under this present Act for One Year afterwards, and until the Fird Tuesday of November immediately following.

XXXV. Provided always, That none of the said Commissioners, to be nominated as aforesaidr shall be Members of the Town Council of Greenock at the Time of such Nomination.

Dean of (tail*

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to of GUljpw and for the Dean of Guild of Glasgow for the Time being, and he is hereby authorised and required to M* 2TIyft> ca^ and convene the Merchants of Glasgow, Owners or rart Owners of Ships or Vessels trading in or «h^ng*CoiB. belonging to the Port of Greenock, by publick Advertisements in the Glasgow Newspapers. Fourteen puffiojurs. Days preceding the Meeting} and they are hereby required to meet together at and in the Merchants Hall of the City of Glasgow, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, upon the Fird Tuesday of November, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and so yearly, on every following Fird Tuesday of November, and then and there, by Plurality of Voices of such as are present, to nominate and appoint Eight Persons to be Commissioners for the Purposes before mentioned; and that the said Eight Persons so chosen shall continue Commissioners for One Year and until the Fird Tuesday of November immediately following.

Aatial Meet-

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an annual General Meeting ajfoiaud. of the said Commissioners shall be held at the Town-house of Greenock upon the Fird Tuesday of February in every following Year v and that the said Bailies and Council, and their Successors, shall, at every such General Meeting, cause to be laid before the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, a true and fair Account of all the Monies which shall have been collected and levied the Year preceding from the Rates, Duties, Fines, and Forfeitures before mentioned; and of every Sum or Sums

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 28. 677

Sums of Money which shall have been borrowed during the Year preceding, for the Uses and Purposes before mentioned 5 and also of all the Monies which shall have been used, paid, and applied out of the same, for the deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining of the said Ha; hours of Greenock and for making, building, and erecting the Piers, Quays, Jettees, Breasts, and other Works before mentioned; and that all the said Accounts shall be examined and certified by the Commissioners present at such annual Meeting, or by the Majority of them; and that the said Commissioners shall, at every such Meeting, bear their own Charges.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be in the Power of the said Meeting! may Commissioners, or the Majority of them so assembled at such annual General Meeting, to adjournbcadj(>urixcd# themselves from Time to Time, as they shall see Cause; and also that it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, at all Times, to call Meetings of the said Commissioners, by Advertisements for that Purpose, published at lead Fourteen Days before the Day of such Meeting, in all the Glasgow Newspapers for the Time being; and that no Business shall be proceeded on at any of the said Meetings unless there be Seven Commissioners at leaf! present.

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Thir- putics ma7 teen or more of them, at General Meetings as aforesaid assembled, may, and they are hereby impower-ldreacdt ed, by and with the Consent of the Lenders of Money, to lessen and reduce the aforesaid Rates and Duties granted by this Act, as they shall judge reasonable and expedient, and the State of the

Rates and Duties aforesaid will permit.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the Repayment, out After Reply. of the Rates, Duties, and Forfeitures aforesaid, of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall ment ot the7 be borrowed or advanced by the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, and applied in Terms thereof, with Money borrow-the legal Interest, from the respective Terms of borrowing and advancing the same 5 and after levying the Kate* tt and railing the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Pounds Sterling for thereafter upholding and keep- ing in Repair the said Works, the Rates and Dudes hereby granted and imposed shall ceafand determine.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees by this Act appointed shall pay to all Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, claiming and intitled unto any Right or Interest in the said Harbours of Greenock, or in the Grounds within the said Harbours, or on which the Piers, Quays, and other Works already built, or to be built, are or shall be ere#ed, the full Value of every such Right and interest, after the same shall be established indue Course of Law, (in case such Right and Interest shall be contested by the said Trustees); and that the Person and Persons so claiming and intitled as aforesaid shall, and he, (he, and they are hereby required to accept of the same from the said Trustees, in full Satisfaction for such Right and Interest as aforesaid: And in case of any Difference between them, respecting such Value, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Sheriff-depute of the County of Renfrew, and he is hereby impowerd and required to summon and impanel a competent Number of discreet, substantial, and disinterested Persons, not less than Fifteen; and, out of such Persons so summoned and returned, to name and appoint a Jury of Ten Persona, to come and appear before him, at such Time or Place as by his Warrant or Precept shall be directed, and to receive such Evidence as shall, by either Party, be brought before him: And the said Sheriff-depute shall examine such Witnesses as shall be brought by either Party in the Couife of the said Evidence, upon Oath, (which Oath he is hereby authorised and impowered to administer), touching the Value to be paid to the Person and Persons interested and intitled as aforesaid, for his, her, or their Right and Interest in the Premises; and that the Verdi# of the said Jury shall be final and conclusive, in so far as shall respect the Consideration or Purchase Money to be paid to the said Person and Persons respectively as aforesaid: And that in the mean Time, and until such Value shall be ascertained in Manner as herein-before mentioned, it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to take, possess, and use, to the last mentioned Uses and Purposes of this present Act, the Ground, and others aforesaid; any Thing in this present A # to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act 0ftfc* contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, alter, abridge, lessen, change, or in- Town of Grttn* trude upon any Jurisiction or Power of the Bailies and Council of the Town of Greenock, and Cor- ockrefoved. poration thereof, in, about, or concerning the Harbours, Docks, Piers, and Quays, built or to be built, as aforesaid: And also saving and referying to the Magistrates, Council, and Community of the City of Glasgow* all Rights and Privileges they have, and are in Possession of, in, and upon the River Clyde, and to them, and to the said Bailies and Town Council of Greenock, and to the said Charles Schaw Lord Cathcart, his Heirs and Assigns, and to the said John Schaw Stewart, and his Heirs in the Estate of Greenock, and unto all other Lords of Baronies, and to all other Bodies Politick or Corporate, all their legal Right, Estates, and Interests, in the Premises aforesaid; declaring always, that nothing herein contained shall hurt or prejudice the Charter granted to the Town of Greenock, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, by the deceased Sir John Schaw of Greenock.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Trust«iiii«y for the said Bailies and Town Council of Greenock, and to Nine Feuars, Sub-feuars, or Burgesses, of the said Town, (to be chosen by the Feuars, Sub-feuars, Corporations, Burgesses, and Householders, sJhmTftw* in the Town of Greenock, in Manner as herein after mentioned), and their Successors in Office for bracing Water the Time being, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to contract and agree with to the Tows, Owners or Proprietors of any Springs or Fountains within Three Statute measured Miles of the Town of Greenock, and with such other Person and Persons as they shall judge proper, for the Liberty

678

Who are excluded from being Trustees.

Where Proprietor* of Springs are unwilling to contract, or under any Disability. Sheriff* to determine Differed cei.

Persons aggrieved may apply to the Lords of Council and Seihon.

[Proviso.]

Purchase money to be Scaled by a Jury,

C. 28. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

of collecting, receiving and conveying the said Springs and Fountains for the supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town of Greenock with fresh Water, and for the laying down Pipes and other Conductors for conveying the said Water, and building Cillerns and Reservoirs for collecting and receiving the same; and that the said Bailies, Town Council, and Nine Feuars, Sub-feuars, or Burgesses aforesaid, shall pay such Rates or Confederation for the same as shall be agreed on between them and the Owners and Proprietors of such Springs and Fountains as aforesaid, (either by absolute Purchase, or by Payment of a certain annual Sum for the Use of the same), and as shall be agreed upon, with the aforesaid other Person and Persons, for undertaking, doing, and performing, the several Works before mentioned; and that the said Bailies and Town Council, and Nine Feuars, Sub-fcuais, or Burgesses, and their Successors, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting so much of this Act into Execution as relates to the bringing Water into, and lighting, cleaning, paving, and watching, the Streets of the said Town of Greenock, with Power to the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to convey such Water into the said Town of Greenock, by Pipes to be laid in and through the Grounds lying between such Springs and Fountains as aforesaid and the said Town of Greenock, and the Cisterns and Reservoirs built or to be built therein.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of being elected of the Number of the said Nine Trustees last mentioned, who, for himself, (or for Dwelling-houses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, in his actual Possession) is not assessed and rated, so as to contribute and pay yearly, and within each Year, the Sum of Seven Shillings and Sixpence Sterling at least to the last mentioned Uses and Purposes of this present Act: And that no Feuar, Sub-feuar, Burgess, or House-holder, and who does not contribute and pay as aforesaid yearly, and within the Year, Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling at least, shall be received or admitted to vote in the Election of the Nine Trustees before mentioned.

XLV. And whereas it may happen that some of the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers, of such Springs and Fountains as aforesaid, and of the Lands through which it may be necessary to convey the, Water from the said Springs and Fountains, and to lay down Pipes and other Conductors for that Purpose, may not agree with the said Trustees for the Purchase of the said Water, and for the Privilege of laying such Pipes, or erecting other Works on their respective Lands or Grounds, or may, through Infancy, Minority, Defect of the Title Deeds, Incumbrances, Debts, or other Disabilities or causes, be disabled to grant valid and effectual Conveyances of the Premises in favour of the said Trustees; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all and every of the Cases herein immediately before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees aforesaid, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to apply to the Sheriff-depute of the County where such Springs or Grounds shall respectively lie, who, upon such Application, shall, and he is hereby impowered and required, to order a Visitation and Inspection to be made of such Springs, Fountains, and Grounds, and to call before him the respective Owners and Occupiers thereof, or the Trustees, Tutors, or Curators, or others having the Charge and Administration of the Affairs of such Owners and Occupiers, and requiring them, within a limited Time, to shew Cause why such Springs or Fountains should not be aliened or granted, or why the said Pipes should not be laid through their Grounds, and Cisterns built thereon, for the Purposes aforesaid; and that thereupon the said Sheriff shall proceed to hear the f iid Parties, and to pronounce Sentence upon the said Matter, in such Manner as shall appear to him reasonable and just.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him or themselves aggrieved by the Sentence of the said Sheriff, that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to apply, by Petition, to the Lords of Council and Session, to have such Sentence reviewed, altered, or amended; and that the said Lords of Session are hereby impowered and reqipr^d to proceed and determine therein summarily, without abiding the Course of any Roll.

XLVII. Provided always, That such Appllication shall be made to the Lords of Session within Fifteen Days, to commence and be computed from the Day on which the said Court shall fit, after the said Sheriff'shall have pronounced his Sentence as aforesaid.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That if, upon Trial, it shall appear to the said Sheriff-depute, that the Springs, Fountains, and Grounds aforesaid, may be so aliened and granted without essential Hurt or Prejudice to the Owners and Occupiers of the same, and shall be lb found and declared 5 that then,‘and in such Case, for ascertaining the Value or Consideration to be paid for the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sheriff-depute, and he is hereby impowered and required, afrer the elapsing of the said Space in which the Persons who think themselves aggrieved are allowed to apply to the Court of Session for Redress as aforesaid, or in Case of any such Application, after a Decree of the said Lords shall be extracted thereupon, to fumimn and impanel a competent Number of discreet, substantial, and difir.cercfted Persons, not less than Fifteen; and, out of such Persons so summoned and returned, to name and appoint a Jury of Nine Person-, each of them possessed of an Estate of Four hundred Pounds-Scots of valued Rent in the County of Renfrew, to come and appear before him, at such Time and Place as by his Warrant or Precept shall be directed, and to receive such Evidence as shall by either Party he brought before him; and the said Sheriff depute shall examine such Witnesses as shall be brought by either Party in the Course of the said Evidence, upon Oath, (which Oath he is hereby authorised and impowered to administer), touching the Value to be paid to the respective Proprietors and Occupiers for the Liberty of collecting and using the said Springs or Fountains, and for laying Pipes and Conductors through the said Grounds, and building Cisterns thereon, and for altering, amending, and repairing the Cillerns and Pipes in all Times thereafter respectively as the

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 28. 679

f»hd Case shall be; and that the Verdrft of the said Jury shall be final and conclusive, in so far as shaft

respect the Consideration or Purchase Money to be paid to Owners and Occupiers of such Springs*

Fountains, or Grounds respectively as aforesaid: Provided always, That all Parties concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriff-depute aforesaid Sj*0en"^nd/Cputc to shall, and he is hereby authorised and required, upon such Verdict being given as before mentioned, judgement for to pronounce Judgement for the Payment of such Sum or Sums so to be awarded by the said payment of the Jury, and to ordain the Owners or Proprietors and Occupiers of such Spiings, Fountains, and Purchase money. Grounds, or their Trustees, Tutors, Curators, or Administrators, upon Payment or lawful Tender thereof, quietly to permit and fuiYer the said Springs and Fountains to be collected or received into Citterns or proper Reservoirs to be erected by the Trustees named and* appointed by this Act, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and also to permit proper Pipes, and other Conductors, to be laid for the Conveyance of the said Water through their respective Lands or Grounds, and Citterns to be built thereon; and the Trustees named and appointed by this Act, and their Officers and Servants to have Access and Iliberty to make, alter, amend, and repair the same for ever hereafter, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall order and direct; and that the Judgement,

Decree, or Determination, pronounced by the said Sheriff, upon the said Verdict or Verdicts, conformable to the Method above prescribed, shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against the several Proprietors and Occupier^ of such Springs, Fountains, and Grounds, and the said Trustees respectively; and that the same, or Extracts thereof from the Sheriff Court Books, shall be deemed and taken as good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to the Trustees may said Trustees, in General Meetings assembled, at any Time or Times hereafter, to make, orduin, make Bye laws, and establish, such Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, for the better carrying the Purposes of this piefent Act into Execution, with respect to the supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town of Greecck with fresh Water, and paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other Places within the said Town 5 and also from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, to repeal, add to, or amend or alter, such Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, as to them shall seem meet, fitting, and requisite; and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, for the Non-observance, or other Breach* of all or any such Rules or Bye-laws, or any Part of them; to be recovered and applied in such Manner, and according as the Penaiies under Five Pounds Sterling are ordered to be recovered, levied, apd applied, by this Act: And the said Trustees shall cause the said Rules,

Orders, and Bye-laws, to be printed and distributed, and hung up in the mod conspicuous Place of the Town-house of Greenock, and to pay the Expence and Charge thereof out of the Assessments aforesaid*

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Continuance ef Force, so far as relates to the purchasing of Springs, Fountains, and Grounds, for the Purposes the with aforesaid, for the Space of Fifteen Years, to be computed from the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of*caing p‘inss* Parliament, and no longer.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees to ap-said Trustees, and their Successors in Office, to appoint proper Persons for watching and cleansing point Persons to the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Avenues, and Passages, in and about the said Town 01 w^handciranfe Greenock, and to appoint the Streets which are already paved to be properly repaired; and also to ap-the Streets> point Lamps to be crested at the most convenient Places within the same; and to lay a Tax on the Inhabitants in the said Town of Greenock, for bringing in Water, cleansing and paving, lighting and watching the same as aforesaid, the said Tax always never exceeding Sixpence Sterling in the Pound, of the real Rent of the Houses and other Subjects possessed by them ;Nand that all Vessds taking Water from the Pipes to be laid by virtue of this Act shall pay at the Rate of Eight-pence Sterling for every Ton of Tw o hundred and Fifty-two Gallons.

LIII. And it is -hereby further enacted, That all and each of the Lamps which now are, or here-*n<J what after shall be, erected by or in pursuance of this Act, shall be lighted in the Afternoon of every Day, at such Hour or Hours as the said Trustees shall direct and appoint, from and after the First Day of October in each Year, to the First Day of April immediately following.

LIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees Time of lighting to order and direct the Lamps to be lighted sooner than the First Day of October in each Year, or to may be aliered. continue the lighting of such Lamps longer than the First Day of April, or both, as they shall see Cause.

LV. And it is also further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ftcal, take away, break, or penalty on Per-throw down, or damage any Lamp or Lamps that now is, or hereafter shall be, set up for enlightening Tons taking any of the said Streets, Squares, Courts, Lanes, Alleys, Avenues, or Passages, or shall wilfully ex-aw*y Lamps* t^guiftl the Light or Lights within the same, or damage the Iron, or other Furniture thereof, it 4°

shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, as also to and for any Person or Persons to assist in seizing,*‘the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, or any of the Baron Officers of Greenock, in order to be secured and conveyed before any One of the Bailies of the said Town of Gnretnocky and that such Bailie

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

shall judge rea-fonabic.

Trustees may appoint Collectors and 'Watchmen.

680 C. 28.

shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence, (which Oath the said Bailie is hereby authorised and required to administer)and that if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they* so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Pounds Sterling for each Lamp so broke, thrown down, or damaged, or for every Light so extineuished as aforesaid; and moreover shall make full Satisfaction to the said Trustees, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damages so by him, her, or them, done as aforesaid; and that in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, on Conviction, pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Bailie is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the common Gaol of the said Town of Greenock for the Space of Two Months; and that such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they, shall be foxommitted, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

Persons breaking

LVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly or Lamps acciden- accidentally break, throw down, or damage, any of the Lamps so set up, or hereafter to be set up,.

thVliaiHeP*yas a^ore^a*> or the Irons or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately, upon Demand, ast e ai le Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may

be lawful to and for any One of the said Bailies of the Town of Greenock for the Time being* upon Complaint to him made by any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to summon before him the Party or Parties who shall be complained of for doing such Damage as aforesaid; and upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or upon the Nonappearance of the Party or Parties so complained of and summoned, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Sathfaction for such Damage, as such Bailie shall think reasonable; and (in case of Neglect or Refusal of the said Party or Parties to pay such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded within Ten Days next after Demand thereof) to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods or Chattels, the Surplus, (if any be), arising by such Sale, to be paid to him, her, or them, when demanded.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall have Power, and they are hereby impowered. to nominate and appoint a Collector or Collectors, and other proper Officers, with fuirable Salaries; and to change and remove such Collector and Collectors, and other Officers* at the Pleasure of the said Trustees; and that the said Trustees may, yearly and every Year* order and appoint such Number of Watchmen as they shall judge proper to be kept within the said Town of Greenock, and shall elect such honest and able-bodied Men to be employed in that Service as they shall think best qualified for the same; and shall also direct where the several Watchmen shall be stationed, and in what Manner they shall be armed, and how often they shall go their Rounds, how long they shall continue upon Duty, and what Wages shall be allowed to such. Watchmen for their Attendance; and also shall or may hire, erect, or maintain, any proper Place or Places, within the said Town, for the Reception of the said Watchmen; and shall make all such Regulations and Orders in Writing* as the Nature of each particular Service (halt appear to them to require.

LVIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Assessments by this Act imposed for defraying the Expences of bringing Water intp, and paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets of the said Town of Greenock, shall be leviable and levied at the Term of Lammas yearly: And that if any Person or Persons who shall be rated and assessed by virtue and in pursuance of this Act shall refuse or neglect to pay the Rate or Assessment charged upon him* her, or them, in pursuance of this Act, for the Space of Ten Days next after his, her, or their respective Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be due, apd demanded by the Collector or Collectors authorised and impowered to collect and receive the same, (such Demand being, either personally made to the respective Person or Persons so charged, or left in Writing at his, her, or their respective House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode); that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, every or any of them, having a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand of any One of the Bailies of the Town of Greenock for the Time being, (which Warrant or Warrants the said Collector or Collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the said Bailie is hereby authorised and required to grant), and with the Assistance of a Peace Officer, or any Officer of the said Burgh of Barony, to enter his, her, or their House or Houses, Apartment or Apartments, and then and there to seize and keep Possession of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels; and if the said Rate or Assessment shall not be paid within three Days next after such Seizure shall be made, (together with the Costs and Charges thereof), to fell by publick Auction, at the Market-Cross of Greenock, so much and such Part of the said Goods and Chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Assessment, with the Costs and Charges attending Aich Seizure and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, (the said Costs and Charges to be settled and allowed by the said Bailie who shall have granted such Warrant respectively)

LIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Assessments shall be laid upon PrewUfea Dwelling-houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, actually possessed, occupied, and tenacted at the Time of laying on the same only; and that the Post'effors, whether Proprietors, ox Tenants, shall be liable for the Payment thereof; and that if any Dwelling-

houses.

Wh<-n Assessments are to fce levied.

Assessment to be laid on oc-

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 28. 681

houses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, which are not possessed at the Time of laying on the general Assessment, shall afterwards, during the Currency of that Year, become possessed, it shall be lawful to, and in the Power of, the said Trustees, to meet and afTofs the same in Manner above prescribed; and that it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, if they fee Cause for so doing, totally to exempt Houses of the yearly Rent of Twenty-five Shillings Sterling or under from Payment of any Assessments by virtue of this Act.

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Assessment shall be made, nor Tax levied, Prorifo. by virtue of this present Act, for Buildings (landing detatched from Dwelling-houses, which are and shall be used only as Cellars and Warehouses, for the sole Purpose of keeping Merchandise therein, so long as the same shall continue to be so solely used as aforesaid; any Thing herein to the Contrary notwithstanding.

LXI. And, for determining the real Rent of each Dwelling-house, Shop, Warehouse, or other Taunts obliges Tenement, liable to the Payment of any Assessment to be imposed by virtue of this Act, it is hereby todedaretbc. further enacted, That the Tenant or Possessor shall be obliged to declare upon Oath the Ex'tentJ*of thcix thereof, if required, (which Oath any of the said Bailies are hereby impowered to administer); 60 and that in case the Possessor or Possessors shall happen to be also Proprietor or Proprietors, he, she, or they shall be obliged, in like Manner, to declare the Price he, she, or they paid for his, her, or their Possession, or what it cost him, her, or them; and he, she, or they shall be assessed, at the Rate aforesaid, according to the Rent, equal to Six Pounds Sterling per Centum of such Price or Cost.

LXII. And it is further enacted, That the said Bailies and Town Council of Greened shall haveoutmaioas to Power to make Regulations from Time to Time for removing Obstructions, and preventing Nuisances be removed, of every Kind, within the Bounds comprised in this Act; and to enforce the same by such small Penalties as they shall appoint, not exceeding, in any Case, Ten Shillings Sterling for each Transgression; to be levied in Manner herein after mentioned.

LXIII. And be it likewise enacted by the Authoritvaforesaid, That the said Trustees shall and may, For borrowing and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest Money* any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding, at any One Time, the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling, and to grant, assign, and set over the several Rates and Duties given and granted by this Act for bringing in Water, and lighting, paving, and watching the Streets, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall be willing to advance and lend Money thereon, for securing the Payment of the same, with Interest respectively; and that the Monies so to be borrowed and advanced shall be employed for bringing in Water, lighting, paving, cleaning, and watching the Streets, and not otherwise.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and SumsApplication oT of Money, which shall be levied and received from the Rates and Duties upon Houses and Wa-n^Moaiw. ter for Shipping, shall, after paying One-third of the Expence of the passing of this Act, by the said Trustees, be applied for and towards bringing in Water into the Town of Greenock, and for lighting, paving, cleansing, and watching the Streets; and for keeping and preserv-tng the same, and paying the Officers and Servants to be employed in and about or concerning the same, and to no other Ule or Purpose Whatsoever.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to HowMeetingt and for the Two Bailies of Greenock, and they are hereby authorised and required, to call and convene aretobeappoint-the Fcuars, Sub-fcuars, Corporations, Burgesses, and House-holders in the Town of Greenock, by for chufinS publick Advertisement from the Readers Delks in the Churches of Greenock, upon the Sunday im-TniAeei-mediately before such Meeting; and they are hereby required to meet together at and in the Town-house of Greenock., at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, on the First Tuesday of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and so yearly on every following First Tuesday of July, and then and there, by Plurality of Voices of such as are present, by giving in Lilts signed by them, to nominate and appoint Nine Feuars, Sub-feuars, or Burgesses, to be Trustees on their Part for the Purposes before mentioned; and that the Nine Persons so elected and chosen, shall be and continue Trustees under this present Act for One Year afterwards, and until the First Tuesday of July immediately following.

[Time of the

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Year there shall be held Four Quarterly General Meetings of the said Trustees, upon the Second Tuesday of July, Second Tuesday of October, General Second Tuesday of January, and Second Tuesday of April, during the Continuance of this Act; and <*wterbrMtcv’ that the First General Quarterly Meeting shall be held on the Second Tuesday of July^ in the Year, Dg,‘

One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, within the Town-house of Greenock, in the Forenoon; and that the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, in such General Meeting assembled, may adjourn themselves to such Time and Place as they shall think proper, for the better carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution.

LXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Questions which shall arise before to be

the said Trustees m (he Execution of this Act, and assembled in General Meetings as aforesaid, determined at shall be determined by Plurality of Voices; and that the senior Matnstrate of Greenock, present at the Actings by Time, shall preside at all Meetings of the said Trustees; and besides his single Voice in common with P,l,.rabtT of the other Trustees, shall, in all Cases of Equality of Voices, have a calling and decisive Vote. 0lcc,‘

LXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act ini-Penalt;etan^ posed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly di-Forfeiture* h*

rested ), to be recovered and applied.

682 C. 29. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

re&ed),shall be leviedand recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender^ <?bod$ and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand of any One of the Bailies of the Town of Greemck, or any One of the Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offender shall dwell; which Warrant such Bailie of Justice is hereby authorised and required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, of upon the Information of any-one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and that the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, (after rendering the Overplus, if any be, upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods shall be so distrained and fold, the Charges of such Distress being

first deducted), shall he paid to the Treasurer of the Town of Greenock for the Time being, and be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and that in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Bailie or Justice as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand, 1 to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Gaol of the County, therein to continue for a Time, not exceeding Two Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

Oaths may be

LXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That in all Cases where Cognizance is given to any of

dmmiftred by faj,j Bailies, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace by this Act, it fh *11 he lawful for the Bailie or

of the Peace., CCS®a‘^es> Ju*ce or Justices of the Peace, to administer an Oath to any Person or Persons, for his or their'more certain Information in the Matters therein depending.

HuMdTn^aion* kXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Suit or Action shall brought in pur- commenced against the Lid Bailies and Council, or their Successors, or the said Trustees, or any fuance thereof.* other Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendnat or Defendants in such Suit or Action may produce this Act, and plead that the said Things were done by Authority and in pursuance of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, that then the Defendants shall be absolved from every such Suit, Action or Actions, and shall have Costs and Expences in the Defence thereof awarded to them from and against the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of the same.

Sheriff, &c. to

LXXL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the *hl!*i^puttpng Peace, Judges and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and all other Officers and cution m EXC" Executioners of the Law whatsoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and assist-cu 1 ingin putting this Act into due and dffcdual Execution; and that this Act shall be deemed, taken,

Publick Act, and allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the lame.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbour of Aberdeen \ for erecting new Piers and Quays therein; and for regulating Ships and Vessels trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Entrance to the Harbour of Aberdeen^ in the County of Aberdeen, is greatly obstructed by a Bar or large Bank of Sand, which runs across the same, hinders Vessels of Burthen from getting into the Piers and Quays, and exposes the Shipping lying in the Bay of Aberdeen

to many Dangers and Inconveniencies; and the Piers, Quays, and other Works within the said Harbour, are, in their present Stare, insufficient for the Accommodation of the Trade of the said City of Aberdeen, which, of late Years hath greatly increased: And whereas the Navigation of the said Harbour, and the Harbour itself, may be greatly improved by running out a Pier into the Sea on the North Side of the Lid Harbour, and by cleansing, deepening, and widening the same, and the Entrance thereto, by crevcling proper Piers, Quays, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Trade and Shipping within the said Harbopr; and by making and establishing proper Rules and Regulations for all Ships and Vessels trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour: But a* 4 these falurary Purposes (for want of proper Powers, and of a sufficient Fund to defray the Expence thereof j cannot be accomplished without the Aid and Authority of Parliament p may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Magi-cWp-nand scour ^r2tcs and City Council of Aberdeen, and their Successors in Office, and to and for such other Person

the Harbour. Qr Persons as they shall, from Time to Time for the Purposes herein after mentioned, nominate and appoint, to deepen, clennfe, scour, and prelcrve the said Harbour of Aberdeen, and the Improvements and Additions which shall be made thereto by virtue of this present Act, from Sand, Shingle, Dirt, Mud, and other Obstructions whatsoever; and also to raise, repair, and make, or cause to be raised, repaired, and made sufficient the Dykes, Piers, Quays, and other Works, at present belonging to the Aid Hat hour of Aberdeen; and to alter and extend the same, or any Part thereof, as the said Magistrates and City Council, or any Five or more of them, to be named and appointed by themselves, (whereof the Provost or lerior Magistrate of the said City for the Time being ihal] always be One), shall judge to be necessa y for the more effectual Improvement of the said Harbour, and for scouring and clcaiding the Bed and Channel of the River of D e, from the said Harbour to the Bay of Aber~ den; and llkewilc to build and erect, or cause to be built and erc&ed in the said Harbour, Piers, Quays, jettces, Breads, Docks, Locks, and other necessary Works, for the Improvement of the said

Migiftrafe* of Aberdeen m.iy

the Harbour, and build Fieri, itc.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 2 9.68 3

Harbour, particularly a Quay or Pier upon the North Side of the Entry of the said Harbour, extending from the Point of Sandness into the Sea, so far, and of such Dimentsions, as shall be found necessary; and to fix and maintain such Buoys, Moorings, Lamps, Light-houses, and other Landmarks, as shall be judged necessary by the Lid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to be named

as aforesaid; and to do, or cause to be done, such other and further Works as shall be deemed, by them proper and necessary for the Improvement of the said Harbour, and for the more safe and easy Reception of Ships and Vessels resorting thereto, and for the more convenient lading and unlading of such Ships and Vessels.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Magistrates and City Coun-TfufteM

cil of Aberdeen^ and their Successors in Office, or any Five or more of them, to be named as ^fore-

said, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution: And, for the better effecting the Ends and Purposes of the same, and that the Fee and Property of the Quays, Piers,

Breasts, and other Works to be made, built, and erected, by virtue of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, to and for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid; and that the said Trustees are and shall be bound to apply the Rates and Duties herein after mentioned (after paying the Expences of this present Act) in improving and repairing the said Harbour, and in keeping and maintaining the same in good Order and Repair, and in preserving the said Harbour clean and free from Sand, Shingle, Mud, Dirt, and other Obstructions whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of Harbour Duties.

2une, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Even hundred and seventy-three, it shall and may be wful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to be named as aforesaid, and to and for such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to demand, collet, receive, and take (over and above the present Harbour Dues of One Penny Sterling for every Barrel Bulk, and all other Rates,

Dues, and Duties, which at present subsist, and are levied within the said Harbour) of and from all and every the Owners and Proprietors, being Burgesses of Guild of the said City of Aberdeen, of all Goods, Merchandise, Wares, and Commodities whatsoever, which shall be imported or exported in any Ship, Vessel, Bark, or Lighter, or that shall be loaded into, or unloaded out of, any Ship, Vessel, Bark, Boat, or Lighter, coming into, or goin^ out of, the said Harbour of Aberdeen; or from their Agents, Factors, or Managers, the additional bum of One Penny Sterling for each and every Barrel Bulk of such Goods, Wares, and Commodities aforesaid, which shall be so imported' and exported by Burgesses of Guild as aforesaid; and of and from all and every other Person or Persons,

(not being Burgesses of Guild of the said City), Owners and Proprietors of Goods* Merchandise,

Wares, and Commodities, as aforesaid, which shall be imported or exported in any Ship Vessel,

Boat, or Lighter, coming into, or going out of, the said Harbour of Aberdeen, or from their Agents,

Favors, or Managers, the additional Sum of Twopence Sterling for each and every Barrel Bulk of such Goods, Merchandise, Wares, and Commodities, that shall be so imported and exported as aforesaid, by. Unfreemen, or Persons not being Burgesses of Guild of the said City of Aberdeen; and, in like Manner, (over and above the Rates and Duties which at present subsist and are levied within the said Harbour), to demand, receive, collect, and take, of and from all and every the Mailers and Owners of such Ships, Vessels, Barks, and Lighters, coming into, or going of, the said Harbour of.

Aberdeen, and of and from the Owners and Proprietors of all Goods, Merchandise, Wares, and Commodities whatsoever, which shall be loaded or unloaded within the said Harbour of Aberdeen, and which, by the present Usage and Custom of the said Harbour, are not chargeable for Shore or Harbour Dues by the Barrel Bulk, or from their Agents and Managers, a further additional Sum, which shall be, and is hereby declared to be the same with the Sum which, by the present Custom and Usage of the said Harbour and Port of Aberdeen, is and shall be chargeable upon and paid by the said Mailers,

Owners, or other Persons concerned, for Anchorage, Laftage, Balaft Money, and other Shore and Harbour Dues, of the Ships and other Vessels, Goods, Merchandise, Wares, and Commodities aforesaid, which shall be so loaded and unloaded within the said Harbour of Aberdeen; and allb, to demand, colle£f, and receive, of and from the Masters and Owners of all Ships, Barks, and Fighters, arriving in the said Harbour of Aberdeen, or which shall put into the same by Stress of Weather, or otherwise, the Sum of Two-pence Sterling for each and every Ton which such Ship, Vessel, Bark, and Lighter, shall respectively mca hre: Provided always, that every such Ship, Vessel, Bark, or Lighter, which shall have Once paid the said Tonnage Duty of Two-pence Sterling, shall not be liable or obliged to pay the same acain, notwithstanding that fbe may be put back, and return into the said Harbour, upon and during the lame Voyage for which (he had before paid the Tonage Duty aforesaid.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship, Vessel, ship* coming Boat, or Lighter, coming into or going out of the said Harbour, and all Goods, Merchandise, Wares, into or and Commodities, whion shall be loaded or unloaded within the said Hai bour, shall in all Cases pay outo* ch«?Har-a Tonnage Duty, for the Uses and Purposes of this present Act, at least equal to Double the ^u,n^!Jrblg°^ay1 itrm which Inch Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Lighter, and Goods, Merchandise, Wares, and Commodities afoie- c said, are liable for, and do and shall actually pay, on account of Shore and Harnour Dues, according to the present Custom and Ullage of the said Harbour and Port of Aberdeen; and

that ti:e said Magistrates and City Council, as Trustees aforesaid, and such Pei foil or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, fh *11 have full Power and Authority, and are hereby im-powe.eu and aut honied, (in all Cases where-ever. any Doubt or Difficulty shall ariic rcip.oting the Amount of the Tonnage, and other Duties by this Act intended to be imposed), to demand, collect, and receive, of and from aft-and every Person or Persons concerned in the shipping Gooes, Merchandise, Wares, and Commodities aforesaid, Double the Sum and Sums of Money which, by the present

684. C. 29.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Ships, &c. formerly free, now to pay certain Duet.

The Duties*

Exemption.

Ship?* Arc, measured.

to be,

Custom and Usage of the Harbour and Port of Aberdeen, is and are now exigible by, and in use to be paid, as Shore and Harbour Dues for such Ships and other Vessels, Goods, Wares, and Commodities, to the said Magistrates and City Council, and their Collectors, or Tacksmen of the Shore Dues of the said City.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it also further enacted, That all such Ships, Vessels, Barks, and Lighters, as are not at present chargeable with, or liable in the Payment of any Dues within the said Harbour, shall only be, and they are here by chargeable (to the Uses and Purposes of this present Act) with the respective Rates and Duties following, which the Matters and Owners of all such Ships and Vessels shall be obliged, and are hereby required, to pay to the said Trustees, or the Collector or Collectors, to be appointed by them for that Purpose; videlicet, For each and every such Ship or Vessel, under the Burthen of Fifty Tons, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling j for every Ship or Vessel from Fifty to One hundred Tons Burthen, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling; and for each and every Ship above One hundred Tons Burthen, the Sum of Seven Shillings and Sixpence Sterling.

VI. Provided also, That all open Boats under the Burthen of Twenty Tons, coming into the said Harbour, (except such Boats as shall be employed in unloading of Ships and Vessels in the Bay of Aberdeen), mall be, and are hereby declared to be exempted from the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed.

VII. And be it also further enacted, That the Matters and Owners of all Ships, Vessels, Barks, and Lighters trading to and from the said Harbour, and liable to the Payment of the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, shall permit and suffer the said Ships, Vessels, Barks, and Lighters, to be measured by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, and shall pay the Rates and Duties aforesaid according to such Measurement; and that every[ Owner or Matter aforesaid who shall refuse to have his or their Ship, Vessel, Bark, or Lighter, measured as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay to the said Trustees the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to nominate and appoint a Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers,

be appointed for levying the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, and such other Officers and Servants as they

Trustea. shall judge necessary to be employed under them for carrying the same into Execution; and from Time to Time to remove such Officers and Servants, or any of them, and to appoint others in theif Stead, and to settle such reasonable Fees or Salaries for them as to the said Trustees shall appear to be just and proper; and that all and every the Collectors and Receivers of the said Rates and Duties shall

keep fair and regular Books and Accounts of all Monies received under the Authority of this Act,

fwhich Books and Accounts shall be open and patent to the said Trustees, at all Times when they mail demand Inspection of the same), and shall pay and dispose thereof in such Manner as by the said Trustees shall be directed: And that the Collector and Collectors, Person or Persons, so to be appointed to receive the said Rates and Duties, and all and every of them, shall give good and sufficient Security to the said Trustees for answering and paying the Monies arising from the same, and which shall be by him or them respectively collected or received, and shall make Oath to the Truth of his or their Accounts, so often as required; and that it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees to let in Lease to the best Bidder or Bidders, at publick Roup or Sale for that Purpose appointed, and advertised in the Aberdeen Journal Two several Times, Fourteen Days at lead before such Roup or Sale, the Rates and Duties aforesaid, for any Time or Space not exceeding Three Years.

to Prevent any Delay or Evasion in the Payment of the Rates and Duties aforesaid, be iiogthcPay- further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day of June* One meat of the Du- thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, there shall be produced to the Collector, or other Officers tta. of His Majesty's Customs at Aberdeen^ by the Master or Owner of every Ship, Vessel, Bark, or

Lighter, coming into or failing out of the said Harbour of Aberdeen, or liable in the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, a Receipt, or other sufficient Voucher, of the Payment of the said Rates and Duties; and that until such Production be made, and the Collector or other Officers aforesaid shall be satisfied with the same, the said Collector and other Officers shall not take or receive any Entry or Cocket, or other Discharge or Clearance, or take any Report outward, of any Ship, Vessel, Bark or Lighter, Foreign or Bntishy liable or subject to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds Sterling.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and to such Person or Persons as shall be for that Purpose authorised by them, to go on board any Snip, Bark, Boat, Lighter, or Vessel, and to take the Dimensions thereof, and to demand, collect, and receive from any Owner, Master, or other Person, having the Charge of any Ship, Bark, Lighter, or Vessel, the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, and made due and payable; and in afe of Delay or Refusal of Payment, to seize, take, and detain, preferable to, and notwithstanding of an Attachment, Arrestment, or other Right whatsoever, claimable by, or due to any other Person or Persons, any of the Goods, Merchandise, Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel of or belonging to any such Ship, Bark, Lighter, or other Vessel, and the same to detain and keep until the said Duty and Duties be satisfied and paid; and that in case of any Neglect or Delay in the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, for the Space of Three Days after such taking, seizing, or detaining as aforesaid, it shall and may be then lawful to and for the said Trustees, and to and for such Person and Persons authorised by them, as aforesaid, to cause the same so appraised by Two or more sufficient Persons, and afterwards to sell and dispose of the Goode and other Effectt taken and appraised, and

P itta toWIe-vied in cife £ HefofaL

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 29. 685

therewith to satisfy the Duty and Duties so neglected or delayed to be paid, together with the Charge of such seizing, talcing, detaining, and felling, (as the same shall be ascertained by the Sellers upon Oath), rendering the Matter or Owner of such Ship, Baric, Boat, Lighter, or other Vessel, or to the Owners of such Goods, the Overplus (if any be) on Demand.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Master, Commander, or Pen*lty©nship-

other Person taking upon himfilf the Command, or appearing to be Matter or Commander, or arly ^Idin^’.hePiy. Owner, Factor, or Consignee of any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, or any Owner or Prop ietor of any tke

Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, liable in the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, shall, at any Duties.

Time from the Commencement of this Act, dude or avoid the Payment of any Rates and Duties

hereby granted, by any Method whatsoever, every such Master, Commander, or other Person aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit unto the said Trustees the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, and shall, notwithstanding, (land charged with and be liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and Sums of Sec. to be Money which shall be levied and received from the Rates and Duti s aforesaid, and which shall be re- *?p!icd to the covered for Forfeitures incurred under and by virtue of this Add, shall, by the said Trustees, (after pay-

ing the Expences of this Act), be applied for and towards the deepening, scouring, enlarging, and improving, maintaining and cleansing, the said Harbour of Aberdeen^ from all Sand, Shingle, Dirt and Mud, and other Obstructions whatsoever, and for keeping and preserving the same clean, and for and towards making, erecting, building, and finishing such Docks, Piers, Quays, and Jettces, and other Works, in Manner directed, appointed, and provided by this Act, and for the executing and performing of all necessary Works, and paying the Officers and Servants to be employed in and about or concerning the same; and towards the Payment and Discharge of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be borrowed by the said Trustees upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, in Manner as herein-before mentioned; and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall and may, Trustees im-and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at In- powered to bor-terest any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding at any One Time the Sum of Twenty thousand row Money* Pounds sterling, and to grant, assign, and set over the several Rates, Duties, and Tonnage, given and granted by this Act, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall be willing to advance and lend Money thereon, for securing the Payment of the same, with Interest respectively; and tint the Money so to be borrowed and advanced shall be employed for the Ends and Purposes of this Act, and not otherwise.

XIV. And whereas the said Magistrates and City Council of Aberdeen have already a Jurisdiction Proper Pilots to within and over the whole Limits of the said Harbour of Aberdeen, and also have the Nomination and be appointed by c Appointment of, and do yearly name and appoint a Shoremaster, and other proper Persons, for super-Trustee$r 4 intending and taking care of the said Harbour of Aberdeen, and of the Quays, Piers, and other Works belonging to the same; and that it will tend greatly, to the Improvement of the said Harbour, and to the Accommodation of the Publick, as well as to the more effectual executing the Purposes of this 4 Ad, that the said Magistrates and City Council had Power and Authority to appoint Pilots for the said Harbour; and by themselves, their Deputies, and other Officers and Servants, to remove (after reasonable Notice to the Person or Persons immediately interested) all unnecessary Obstructions within the said Harbour of Aberdeen, and upon the Docks, Quays, and Piers belonging to the same; and to order and regulate, with respect to the Stations and Places of Mooring of the Ships and other Vessels within the said Harbour and Docks, and with respect to the Time of Continuance upon the said Docks,

Piers, Quays, and others aforesaid, of Goods and Merchandise, or other Things whatsoever; and to make such other Bye-laws, Orders, and Regulations, for the better Government and Management of the said Harbour, as to them the said Magistrates and Council shall seem meet and expedient Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be in the Power of the said Magistrates and City Council of Aberdeen, and they and their Successors in Office are hereby authorised and impowered to licence, limit, regulate, and appoint proper Persons for piloting all Ships and Vessels coming into and goinr out of the said Harbour of Aberdeen; and that all Ships, Barks, Lighters,

Boats, or vessels, which shall be laid by as unfit for Sea Service, or neg’edled by the Owner, shall not be permitted to be and remain in any of the Docks, Piers, or Quays, eroded, or to be credted, within the said Harbour of Aberdeen, so as to incumber the same; but that in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the the said Magistrates and Town Council, and their Successors in Office, or any Person or Persons whom they shall authorise for that Purpose, immediately to cause such Ship, Bark, Lighter, Boat, or Vessel, so unserviceable or neglected, to be, at the Expence of the Owner or Owners of the same, removed from the said Docks, Quays, and Piers, or any of them, and to lay the said Snip or other Vessel on any Part of the Strand or Sea-shore within the High - water Mark, or any other Place of Safety without the said Harbour, and there to moor such Ship or other Vessel; and that, on or before Demand of Payment is made by the said Trustees, or the Person authorised by them, as aforesaid, from the Owner or Owners, Matter or Agents, of such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, as aforesaid, such Charges and Expences shall be first seen and allowed by One of the Magistrates of Aberdeen for the Time being: And that in case of Refusal or Neele# of Payment of such Charges and Expences allowed as aforesaid for the Space of Five Days after Demand shall be made; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or the Person so authorised as aforesaid, to levy such Expences by Distress and Sale of such Ship, bark,

686 C. 29. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel or any of her Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture, or any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus, (ifanybej after deducing the Charge of taking, keeping, and Sale of such Distress* to the Owner or Owners, Matter, Factor, or Agent, of such Ship, Bark, Lighter, Boat, or Vessel, whenever the same shall be demanded.

Goods to be re-

XV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to, and in the jovedfrom the power of^ any Person or Persons who shall have landed, or caused to be landed and laid, any Goods or Merchandise, Timber, Wood of any Kind, Matts, Yards, Pumps, Boats, Anchors. Cables, Calks, Guns, Ballast, paving or other Stones, Limestones, Lipae, Chalk, Slates, Dung, or Manure, or any other Thing, (other than Materials for the necessary Repair of the Docks, Piers, and Quays, before mentioned, or for immediate Use in Shipping), upon any of the Docks, Piers, and Quays, or Landing-places^ within the said Harbour, or on any of the adjacent Streets and Avenues leading to the said Docks, Piers, and Quays, or any of them, to continue or permit the same, or any Part thereof* to remain and lie thereon, for any longer Time than Forty-eight Hours: And that m all Cases where the said Goods, or others aforesaid, shall have so continued beyond the Space of Forty-eight Hours, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons authorised and ap->. pointed by them, as aforesaid, to remove, or cause to be removed, all such Goods and other Things as shall be so found lying, continuing, and being on the said Docks, Quays, and Piers, and other Places, above the said limited Time, to some Place or Places of Safety, and therein to detain and keep the same till Payment of the Charges of such Removal and Detention, and of such Consideration besides to the said Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, for their Trouble in and about the same, as the Provost, or any One of the Bailies of the said City of Aberdeen shall think reasonable: And if such Charges and Expences shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days after Demand made-thereof, by the said Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid by the said Trustees; then, and in that Case, they are hereby authorised and required to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the said Goods and Chattels so respectively secured and to render the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Merchandise, and others aforesaid, (the Charges of taking, keeping, and making the Sale being deducted and allowed) whenever the same shall be demanded.

Ware ho use*, &c.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall and may,-may bt hired. ancj are hereby authorised and impowered, out of any of the Rates and Duties aforesaid, to rent or hire by the Year, or otherwise, any convenient Warehouse, Yard, or other Place, for the receiving and safe-keeping or lodging of such Goods and other Things so to be removed from off the Quays, and other Places as aforesaid, or to inclose, credf, or build, any such Yard, Warehouse, or other Building, on their own Ground, or on Ground to be purchased by them, as to them shall seem mo(L meet and fitting.

Gunpowder and

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch,' rher Combu> Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, moveVafterT Straw, Tallow, Grease, shavings of Wood, or other such combustible Things, shall be suffered to be certain Space, and remain on the Docks, Quays, and Piers aforesaid, already constructed, or hereafter to be constru<Sled, within the said Harbour of Aberdeen, or in any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship or Vessel in the said Docks, Piers, and Quays, lying in the Harbour aforesaid, for above the Space of Twenty-four Hours after puffing the Custom-house Officers; and that in case such Goods and Things^ cannot be conveniently removed, or got off from such Docks, Quays, Place or Places, by Day-Jighc*: that then, and in every such Case, the Owner of such Goods and Things shall he obliged, and are hereby required to set and maintain, at their own Expence, a sufficient Number of careful, discreet*. and sober Persons to guard and watch over the same for such and so many Hours, according to the Season of the Year, as the said Trustees, or the Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, shall signify' and appoint; and in case the Owner or Owners of such Goods and other Things, or the Master or Masters of Ships, Baks, or other Vessels, shall make Default herein, every such Owner or Owners*.: Matter or Mate, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling.

Ships may bere-

XVIII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or such Person *%oved from one or Persons as they shall authorise and appoint, shall and may, and he or they are hereby authorised Bfrth :o *x>o- ancj impowered, when and so often as he or they shall judge necessary, to remove, or cause to be removed*

1 any Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, lying in any of the Entrances or Passages of the said Har-

hour of Aberdeen* or at any Dork, Quay, Pier, and Bread, already built, or hereafter to be built, by viituc of this Act, or in any other Part of the said Harbour, from the Birth or Lying-place, at which they fhj1 ! respectively happen to be stationed or moored at the Time, to any other Birth or Lying-place as he or they shall think proper: And in case ths Matter, Mate, or any other Person having and taking the Command and Charge of the said Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, shall, after Notice given him in Writing, or left in Writing aboard the Ship or Vessel intended to be moved*.

Twelve Hours before the Time of Removal, by the fa 1*1 Trustees, or such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint, neglerst, or ref use to move, or cause to be removed, during the firtt High

Water or Tide after such Notice, such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, from her said Birth, to

such other Birth or Mooring-places as are or shall be appointed unto them by the said Trustees, or any Person authorised as aforesaid, that then the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons they shall order or appoint, shall have Power, and are hereby directed and impowered, immediately after such Notice, Neglect* or Refusal, to remove or cause to be removed, such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter* or Boar, lying as aforesaid, from their present Birth and Mooring-place, to such other Birth or Mooring-place, as the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, shall judge

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 59. 687

proper; and that the Matters, Commanders, Owners, and Consignees, of such Ship, Vefei, Bark, ighter, and Boat, so to be removed, shall respectively pay to the said Trustees alj such Costs and Charges as shall he reasonably expended in removing such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat; to i>e recovered, levied, and applied, in like Manner as the Forfeitures and Penalties impoftd by this Act are herein after ordered to be recovered, levied, and applied; and that every Master, Commander, Mate, or other Person taking upon himself the Command of any Snip, Veil'd, Bark,

Lighter, or Boat, or the Owner, Factor, Consignee, or Agent, or other Person or Persons whatfc-cvcr, who shall obstruct or hinder the Removal of any such Ship, VefTd, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority a fore fa id, That in case any Ship or Vessel Veflblt in Dir- / shall arrive or come into the Laid Harbour of Aberdeen in Distress, or meet with any Misfortune in Trs tobcF«-the Bay of Aberdeen, or in the Harbour aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Provott, orlcrrcd# jany One of the Bailies of the said City of Aberdeen, upon Request made to him in Writing by the Master, Commander, or Owner of any such Ship or VefTd, or Owner of any Goods aboard such Ship or Veil’d, and upon Proof being made before him of such Distress, to give a Preference to such Ship or VefTd being in Distress as aforesaid, both as to the Births at the Docks, Piers, and Quays, and as to the Course of discharging^, to any other Ship or Vessel arrived before her in the Harbour aforesaid; and that every Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel lying within the Harbour of Aberdeen*, who shall refuse or delay to comply with the Order of the said Provott or Bailie, in favour of the Ship or VefTd in Distress as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Surti of Twenty Pounds Sterlings to be levied and applied in Manner herein after directed.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Fttft Day of Balbft, &c. not June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, it shall not be lawful to any Person or Persons to be thrown, to throw or empty any Baliaft, Dirt, Ashes, or Rubbish, Shingle, Stones, or other Things, into the u"tlcr Penaltr said Harbour, or to dig and take away any Ballad, Shingle, Stones, or other Things, from within*" *°s* the same, to the Hurt and Prejudice of the said Harbour, or of the Works erected, or to be erected, for the Security and Accommodation of the same, or to do any other Act or Deed to prejudice or annoy the same, or any Part thereof, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings Sterling for every such Offence.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons who°° f h shall or may hereafter have Occasion to throw or cast out any Baliaft from out of any Ship or other bc so.ed Vessel upon any Dock, Quay, Pier, or Bread, or other Place in or about the said Docks, Quays, 011

Piers, Breads, or other Works, made or to be made, as before mentioned, belonging to the said Harbour, shall not suffer the same to be and remain on the said Docks, Quays, Piers, Breads, or other Places, but shall immediately after cart and carry away, or cause the same to be carted and carried away, to such Place or Places as the said Trustees shall, for such Purpose, provide and appoint, on Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, Forty Shillings Sterling.

XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter or Owner of every Ship,

Bark, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, lying or trading in the Harbour of Aberdeen, shall be and is mage* doneby hereby made answerable to the said T ruttecs for the Amount or Value of any Damage or Mischief thciiCrewt. that shall be done by any of the Servants, Boatmen, Bargemen, or Watermen, on Board the same, to any of the Docks, Quays, Piers. Breasts, or other Works already constructed, or that shall be constructed by virtue of this Act, with full Costs of Suit; and that such Damages and Costs shall be died for, and recovered in Manner herein after directed.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Fines and For-Trustees, or any Collector to be appointed by them, for receiving any Part of the Rates and Duties te»tur«,&c. how granted by this Act, to prosecute and recover the several Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Damages,*®^ ^"cd and Costs of Suit, by this present Act imposed, by Action, Bill, Complaint, or Information, within* rcC0TCr.

Six Months after such Offence is committed, before the Provott or any One of the Bailies of Aberdeen, or any other Judge competent for civil Actions, within whose Jurisdiction the Offender or Offenders shall reside, or be apprehended; and that the said Magistrates, or other Judges aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required to proceed to the Trial of such Offences in a summary Way; and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, by their own Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to award and give such Orders, Judgments, and Decrees, as to them shall seem most agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that in Default of Payment of the several Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs of Suit, here inbefore enacted, which shall be awarded and ordered by the said Magistrates or other Judges, the Person or Persons which shall be convicted of any of the Offences before described shall and may be sent by them to the Prison or House of Correction nearest to the Place where the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, and there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time, not exceeding Six Months, as such Magistrate or Magistrates shall direct; and that the whole Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures aforesaid, which shall be recovered by the said Trustees, or their Collectors, as aforesaid, after Deduction of the necessary Charges of recovering the same, shall be applied for and towards the building* making, erecting, maintaining, and repairing the Work or Works aforesaid, and to no other use or Purpose whatsoever. '

XXIV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Magistrates, and other Penalties maybe Judges aforesaid, or any of them, by whom such Judgement, Sentence or Determination shall be given, mitigated* pronounced, or made, from Time to Time, where they fee Cause, to mitigate, compound, or lessen

688 C. 29. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

any of the Penalties or Forfeitures aforesaid, as he or they in his or their Discretion shall think fit, so as such Mitigation or Composition do not extend to remit above One Moiety of the Penalty inflicted and directed to be levied by this Act; and that every such Mitigation or Composition shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Persons offending respectively for fq much of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be so mitigated, lessened, or remitted.

Tmrtest.&c.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the impowered to dig said Trustees. or their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Servants, to open Stone Quarries, Sand, Cl*ve' *:out Clay, and Gravel Pits, and to dig, take, gather, and carry away from such Quarries and Pits any Stone, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, in and out of any Waste or Common Grounds lying within Two Miles of the said Harbour of Aberdeen* for carrying on, executing, and repairing, the several Docks, Piers, Quays, and Breads, and other Works already built in the said Harbour, or authorised to be built by virtue of this Act: And that in case the said Trustees shall judge it improper and inconvenient to open, dig, and carry away. Stones and Gravel, Clay, and other Mate iais, from the said Waste or Common Ground, and that sufficient Materials for the Purposes aforesaid cannot be easily got from the same; that then it shall and may be lawful to, and in the Option of, the said Trustiees, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, or Servants, to open, quarry, and dig such Siones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials aforesaid, and to carry the same in and out of the Grounds of any Person or Persons within Two Miles of the said Harbour of Aberdeen, (not being Ground on which (lands any Houses, Garden, Orchard, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House), where such Materials are or may be found, and from Time to Time to cause the same to be carried oft*, or so much thereof, as the said Trustees and their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Servants, shall judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and for keeping the said Works in good Order and Repair; the said Trustees making a reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage done to the Surface of the said Grounds, and for the Value of the said Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, which shall be so carried out of the said Waste and Common, or other Grounds, to the Proprietors, Life-renters, Tacksmen, Possessors, and other Parties, interested in such G.rounds, to which such Damage shall be done or occasioned, or Materials taken away in Manner aforesaid; which Damage or Damages shall be ascertained, in case of Difference of Opinion between the Parties, by Reference to the Sheriff-deputc of the County of Aberdeen, and Sheriff-depute of the County, of Kincardine, jointly, with Power to them, in case of any Difference of Opinion between them, to name and appoint an Umpire or Overfman, and with Power to the said Sheriffs-dcputes, or Umpire or Overs-man, so to be chosen by them, to take and receive such Evidence as shall be offered to them or him for either of the said Parties, and thereupon to settle and determine the Amount of such Damage or Satisfaction to be paid or made; and that the Award of such Sheriffs or Umpire shall, in respect: of the Amount and Value aforesaid, be final and conclusive; and such Sheriffs or Umpire shall, and they are hereby required to ascertain and award by whom the Co(b of such Reference shall be* paid.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Trustees, their Agents and Servants, shall, and they are hereby required, at their own Costs and Charges, within Ten Days next and hnmtdratdyr after the first breaking of the Ground for the opening of such Quarries or Pits, or the working of any such Quarries or Pits as are already opened for getting Materials as aforesaid, either in Common and Waste, or in any other Grounds whatever, rail in or fence off the same in a sufficient Manner, and afterwards keep in Repair, and maintain such Rails and Fences, so long as they the said Trustees* their Agents or Servants, shall woik and use such Quarries or Pits for the Purposes aforesaid; and that, within Six Months after the said Trustees, their Agents or Servants, shall desert, abandon, or give up the working of such Quarries or Pits, for such Materials as aforesaid, they shall, and are hereby1 required, at their own Costs and Charges, to fill up.and level such Quarries or Pits in a sufficient and lasting Manner

iWttotlio

XXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Harbour* for the said Trustees, and their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Servants, to make, use, and maintain. Roads from the said Waste and Common Ground, or other Grounds aforesaid, opened for quarrying and digging Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, from the said Pits and Quarries so to be opened as aforesaid, directly to the Harbour of Aberdeen, and to make the same through any Grounds belonging to any Person or Persons v. hatsoever, (not being the Grounds on which (lands any House, or any Garden, Orchard, Walk or Walks planted, or Avenue to any House), the said Trustees making reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage done to the Ground through which the said Road or Roads pass to the Proprietor, Life-renter, Taikfman, and other Parties concerned and interested in such Grounds, to which such Damage shall be done or occasioned, to be ascertained and awarded in Manner above directed, feialtyoo P«f-

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons ion* <ieftreying whatsoever shall, after the passing of this Act, maliciously, wilfully, or wantonly demolish, break down, the Works. destroy, or fee on fire, any of the Docks, Jettees, Piers, Quays, Breasts, Land-marks, or Buoys, or any Lights or Light-houses, or other Works, constructed or to be constructed, in or belonging to the said Hu bour of Aberdeen, or shall maliciously, wilfully, or wantonly, extinguish or put out any of the Fires or Lights used in the said Light-houses, and others aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending shall be idjudged guilty of Felony; and the Court and Courts by and before whom such Reilon or Persons shall be indicted and tried, shall, and have hereby Power and Authority to transpore

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 29. 689

such Felon or Felons, for the Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful Bye-Uwi. to and for the said Trustees, at any Time or Times hereafter, in General Meetings assembled, to make, ordain, and establish, such Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, for the better deepening, cleansing,

and keeping in Repair the said Harbour of Aberdeen, and piloting of the Ships, and other Vessels, going in and coming out of the said Harbour, and for the better regulating, governing, and managing, the Docks, Piers, Quays, and Jettees, and every other the Works credted, and to be erected, made, or set up, in the Harbour aforesaid, and for the better executing the other Purposes of this Act; and also from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter, such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, as to them shall seem most fitting and requiftte, and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, /or the Nonobservance, or other Breach, of all or any such Rules or Bye-laws, or any Part of them, to be recovered and applied in such Manner as the Fines and Penalties imposed by this Act are ordered to be recovered, levied, and applied; and the said Trustees shall cause the said Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, to be printed and distributed, and hung up at the most conspicuous Places within the Harbour of Aberdeen, and to pay the Expence and Charge thereof out of the Rates and Duties aforesaid.

XXX. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be held Four General Time and PUce Meetings of the said Trustees within the Town-house of the said City of Aberdeen, upon every First

Tuesday of January, First Tuesday of Aprils First Tuesday of July, and First Tuesday of Octobery during 5

the Continuance of this present Act; and that the First of the said General Meetings shall be held upon the First Tuesday of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and that the said Trustees shall have Power, and are hereby impowered, to adjourn to such other Times and Places as to them, or to the Majority of them, at such Quarterly Meetings assembled, shall seem meet and expedient; and in all such Meetings the Provost, or Senior Magistrate of the City of Aberdeen, present for the Time being, shall preside; and besides his Vote in common with the other Trustees, shall, in Cases of Equality, have a calling or decisive Voice.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Magistrates and City Council, Do&f a*} baas Trustees aforesaid, in General Meetings aforesaid, may, and they are hereby impowered, to lessen ltflcoed*

and reduce the aforesaid Rates and Duties granted by this Act, as they shall judge reasonable and expedient, and the State of the said Rates and Duties will permit.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act; and all the Powers Commencement

and Authorities of the same, and the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall commence and take place of

from and after the Fift Tuesday of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, ^nd shall continue for the Space of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act Jurisdiction of contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, alter,.abridge, lessen, change, or in- *he City of trude- upon any Jurisdiction, Power, or Authority,.of the Magistrates and Council of the City of Aber- ^c^€en> deeny and Community thereof, in and about or concerning the said Harbour of Aberdeen, or the Piers, n Quays, and other Works, built or to be built, as aforesaid; nor to take away, abridge, lessen, or intrude upon, the private Rights, Privileges, and Property, of any Person or Persons whatsoever, but that the same shall remain as entire and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this present Act had rot been made; and also saving and reserving to the said Magistrates and City Council, and other Person or Persons, all their legal Rights and Interests in the Premises aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Suit or Action Aamaybe shall be commenced against the said Magistrates and Council, or their Successors, or any other Person Pleaded> or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuanc© of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Suit or Adiun, may produce this Act, and plead, that the said Things were done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, that then the Defendant or Defendants

shall be absolved from every such Suit, Action, or Actions, and shall have Treble Costs and Expences in the Defence thereof awarded to them from and against the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of the same.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriffs, Justices of shet&, &c. t» the Peace, Judges, and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and all other Officers, ajftft.

and Executioners of the Law whatsoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in putting this Act into due and effectual Execution: And that this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all the Courts of Law and Equity as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

690 C. 30

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

[Preamble.]

No Person to

pi:bt Ship* or Lighters with-. put Licence 5

Penalty,

No Pilot to be licensed, unless «i pr<ved by 12 imip-malUrs j

CAP. XXX.

An Act for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots conducing Ships and Vessels to and out of the Port of King's Lynn, and of the Bridgemen conducting Gangs of Lighters or Barges to and from the same \ and for laying down Moorings in the Harbour of the said Port, and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire therein.

WHEREAS the Borough of Lcnnc Regis, commonly called Kings Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, is a very ancient Borough, within the Liberties wher.of there are a Port and Har- hour of the Sea for importing and exporting Merchandise; and the Mayor and Burgefll-s of the said Borough have, by Royal Charter, been a Corporation for Two hundred Years last pass and up- wards, and by certain Letters Patent, granted them by King James the First, dated the Nineteenth Day of November, in the Second Year of His Reign, were constituted (and now are) Admirals. c within the said Borough, and the Port, Limits, and Bounds thereof; and, by virtue of the same Let- ters Patent, and others fmee granted to them by the Crown, and by long Usage have ertiled and put down proper Buoys and Beacons in the Channel of the said Port, and appointed Pilots for conducing Ships and Vessels into and out of the said Borough and Port, from and to a certain Place called Saint Edmund's Nefsy otherwise Gor: End, and from thence North and by West to another Place or Sand called Longfand, being the utmost Bounds Northwards of the said Admiralty Jurisdiction, and have also appointed other Persons, commonly called Bridgemen, to conduct Gangs of Lighters or Barges into and out of the said Borough and Port, from and to a certain Place called Staple IVeere, being the utmost Bounds Southwards of the said Admiralty Jurisdiction: And whereas the Channel from Gore End and the Longfand aforesaid to the said Port or Habour of King's Lynn,

and from thence to Staple IVeere aforesaid, is become a more difficult and dangerous Navigation than heretofore for Ships, Vessels, and Lighters, respcilively using the same, and many Ships have been wrecked, and Lighters and Barges sunk, by Means of the large Bodies of Sand which often shire from Place to Place, and by Means of the double-fluked Anchors now 11 fed in the said Harbour, and divers unskilful Persons, without the Licence or Authority of the said Mayor and Burgesses,

have often'taken upon themselves, to act as Pilots and Bridgemen for the Conducting and Guidance of Ships, Vessels, and Lighters, to and from the said Port, to the great Hazard of such Snips, Vessels, and Lighters, and their Cargoes, and the Lives of the Persons on Board the same, and to the Obstruction of Navigation: And whereas the Flood and Ebb Tides in the said Harbour run very rapid and strong, and the Harbour oppofrte the Town of late Years is become much wider towards the South-west, so that when the Ebb runs ftrrng, and the Wind blows hard at the same Time, Ships and Vessels lying the re, are ofren driven from their Moor- ings, and sunk in the said Harbour: And whereas Losses by Fire have happened to Merchants and Owners of Ships and trading Vessels, lying in the said Harbour, occasioned by the heating of Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Oil, or other combustible Matters on board such Ships and Vessels: And whereas the Powers and Authorities vested in the said Mayor and Burgesses are found not sufficient or eftcitual to regulate and govern the said Pilots and Bridgemen, and to remedy and prevent the ill Practices and Mischiefs before mentioned: And whereas the Damages sustained in the Harbour might, in a great Measure be prevented by laying down substantial An- chors for publick Use, furnished with proper Rings, Chains, and Floats, commonly called Harbour Moorings, for the more effectual securing the Ships and Vessels riding in the said Harbour from driving on Shore by voilent Storms of Wind, by raging Tides, by great Land Floods, or otherwise; but as the laying down such Moorings will be attended with great Expence, the same cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament therefore, and for the Benefit and Improvement of Trade and Navigation, and promoting the Safety of His Majesty's Subjects, may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, if any Person or Persons shall take upon him or themselves to conduct or pilot any Ship or Vessel, or any Gang of Lighters or Barges, inro or out of the said Port of King's Lynn, or between Saint Edmund's Nefs% otherwise Gore End, and Steeple IVeere aforesaid, without being licensed so to do by the said Mayor and Biirgdh s for the Time being, which Licences the said Mayor and Burgesses are hereby impowered to grant under their Common Seal; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings.

II. Provided nevertheless, That the said Mayor and Burgesses shall not license or authorise any Person or Persons to be Pilots of the said Borough and Port as aforesaid, unless such Person or Persons shall have first obtained the Recommendation in Writing of Twelve Masters or Commanders of Ships of the Burthen of One hundred Tons and upwards, trading to and from the said Port, (not more than Two of such Masters or Commanders being Masters or Commanders of Ships belonging to One Merchant or Owner), certifying the Ability and Skill of such Person or Persons to pilot or conduit Ships and Vessels. to and from the said Port \ nor shall they license or authorise any Person or Persons to

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 30. 691

lobe Bridgemen of the said Borough and Port, as aforesaid, unless such Person or Persons shall in like nor Bridgemen, Manner have first obtained the Recommendation in Writing of Six Matters of Gangs of Lighters, cer- yn,5rs JPp^oved f trfying the Ability and Skill of such Person or Persons to conduct and pilot Gangs of Lighters an^ canes Barges to and from the same Port. trr,n8 8

III. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to hinder or to subject to the said Penalty the Matter ofaShrp

Matter or Commander for the Time being of any Ship or Vessel, not exceeding the Burthen of Thirty of not more than Chaldrons of Coals, Lynn Measure, or Thirty Tons* Builders Admeasurement, from piloting or con- Chaldron* dufting such Ship or Vessel to and from the said Port; nor the Matter or Commander for the Time Gang of Lighter* being of any Gang of Lighters or Barges coming unladen to or going unladen from the fai l Pot t unladen, may from piloting or conducting such Gang of Lighters or Barges to or from the said Port, nor any Person conduct the Ship or Persons from assisting any Ship or Vessel, or Gang of Lighters or Barges in Distress; any Thing and Lishter5» herein contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. shady Vm/shtp"

and Lighters in

IV. And, for the preventing any exorbitant Demands being made by any Pilot or Pilots, licensed Distress.

or authorised as aforesaid, for the conducting or piloting any Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Pertained1 °U Port and Limits aforesaid; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the following and no greater 9

or other Rates or Prices shall be demanded or taken by such Pilot or Pilots than what are herein after mentioned; (that is to say). For piloting or conducting into or out of the said Port any Ship For Britishi$b»p*> or Vessel belonging to His Majesty's Subjects, drawing when loaded not more than Ten Feet of Water, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall then draw; and for piloting or conducting into or out of the Lid Port, any Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty's Subjects, drawing when loaded more than Ten Feet, but not more than Twelve Feet of Water, the Sum of One Shilling and Ninepence a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall then draw; and for piloting or conducting into or out of the said Port any Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty's Subjects, drawing when loaded more than Twelve Feet, but not more than Fourteen Feet and an Half of Water, the Sum of Two Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall then draw; and for piloting or conducting into or out of the said Port any Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty's Subjects, drawing when loaded more than Fourteen Feet and an Half of Water, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence a Foot, for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall then draw, and so in proportion for Half a Foot of Water in all and every of the Cases aforesaid; but no Allowance shall be made for any Number of Inches not amounting to Half 5 Foot; and for piloting or conducting into or out of the said Port, any Ship or Vessel of for foreign belonging to the Subjects of any foreign Nation, double the Rate or Price above limited for piloting or sh,pSk conducting the like Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty's Subjects.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Vessel, which IPll?eShip can-

/hall be piloted or conducted by any of the said Pilots, shall not be got to the Place of her Delivery j£]ivcrg°the* the same Tide {he arrives at the Dolphins, then such Pilot shall, and he is hereby required to con - fame T?de foe dust or pilot, or procure to be conducted or piloted by some other such licensed Pilot, such Ship or arrives at the Vessel to the Place of her Delivery, and shall receive Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Tide he Dolphin', the shall be so employed, if belonging to His Majesty's Subjects, and double that Sum if belonging to the J^t!,t0uon* Subjects of foreign Nations, over and above the said Rates or Prices of Pilotage. a"d b/paldTsl

6 d. per Tide.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and c «.

for the Commissioners h< rein-after nominated, constituted, and appointed, or any Seven or more of to°afru?nwhat them, (whereof the Mayor or Deputy Mayor of the said Borough of King's Lynn for the Time being i>m of the pi-shall be One), from Time to Time, to ascertain, rate, and appoint, what Part of the said Rates or lotage so.,11 be Prices of Pilotage shall be allowed and paid by the said Pilots to such Person or Persons as they the paid for the Hire said Commissioners, or any beven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for ^1°°0? the Time being to be One), shall, from Time to Time, appoint or authorise to receive the same, for Recjfvcrofit, the Hire and Use of Two or more Sloops for the carrying and conveying such Pilots up and down the

Channel of the said Port, and for the Maintenance of Boys to assist on Board and go in the said Sloops, and for and towards the Maintenance of the superanuated Pilots heretofore licensed by the Lid Mayor and Burgesses, or to be hereafter licensed in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And, for the preventing any exorbitant Demands by any Bridgeman or Bridgemen, licensed Bridgemen* PI-or authorised as aforesaid, for conducing any Gangs of Lighters or Barges down to or from the said lotage to be Port, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more afeeaained ty of them, (whereof the said Mayor, or Deputy Mayor for the Time being to be One), shall, and they the Comm.iTiun-are hereby authorised and required, from i'irr.e to Time, to ascertain and appoint what Rates orer5*

Pr ices shall be demanded and taken by such Bridgeman or Bridgemen, for the concluding of such Gangs of Lighters or Barges down to, or from the said Port; and that no greater or other Rates or Prices shall be demanded or taken by such Bridgeman or Bridgemen for the conducing of such Gangs of Lighters or Barges down to or from the said Port, than what shall from 1'irne to Time be so ascertained and appointed as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Recorder, Alder- CommiflicKKri. men, and Common Council of the Borough of King's Lynn aforesaid, for the the Time being, together

with Joseph Peckover, B rtholooneiu NtiJony Thomas Goddard, Thomas Audley, George Collins, James Hamilton, OJhert Benton, James Tavirner Read, Thomas Steward, Isaac Lamlly, Jojiph Lcnnlly, and Robert Forsler, Merchants; Hugh Cnrjuforth, J Villi am IViuinfcn, George Johnson, Robert Farthings Lionel Selfe, Thomas Scott Hcnzcll> Thomas Huggins, John Towny James Stratton, Bland WinniJJey Edward

692

C. 30. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

ward Hubbard, William rfyre, "John Middleton, John Headly, William Holmes, William Robin/on% William Clarke, William Standclifte, Richard Barett, and John Hubbard^ Owners or Commanders of Vessels trading to and from the said Port, shall be, and they are hereby nominated, constituted, and appointed Commissioners for carrying this present Act into Execution, and /or the Purposes Fir! Meeting, herein-before and herein after mentioned and cxprdled; and they or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the Mayor or Deputy Mayor of the said Borough of King*s Lynn for the Time being to be One), shall and may, and they are hereby authoris d and required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to meet in the Guildhall within the said Borough, upon publick Notice to be given by Seven or more of the said Commissioners, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be One), of the Day and Hour of such Meeting, by Writing affixed on the Custom-house, Guildhall, and Market-cross, within the said Borough of King's Lynn y Seven Days exclusive before such Meeting; and then,'and from Time to Time, when and as often as any Meeting shall be held in pursuance of this Act, to adjourn themselves, if they shall see Oocafton to any Time and Place within the said Borough; or otherwise, in case no Adjournment shall be then, or from Time to Tim! made or subsisting, or there shall bt Occasion to meet previous to the Day of such Adjournment, to meet from Time to Time, at such Day, Hour, and Place, within the said Brough, as shall be appointed by like publick Notice to be given as aforesaid, by Seven or more of the said Commissioners, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy-mayor for the Time being shall be One): And a General Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be held on the Third Frilay in the Month of January in every Year, at the Guildhall in the said Borough, for the puffing and settling all Accounts of their Treasurer, Collector, or other Officers; and if at any Meeting the Commissioners p efent shall be equally divided up many Question which may come before them, then the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, if present, or in to be hi*. Absence the Deputy Mayor, shall have the calling Vote: Anl all Orders, D terminations, and

Proceedings of the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, shall be at Meetings held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise; and the said Commissioners, at all such their Meetings, shall defray their own Expences.

Commissioneri nruy adjourn, and call new Meetings.

Annual Meet

legs.

to ings.

Commissioners to defray th*ir 0»wq Expences.

Provision for Meetings without the Mayor.

IX. Provided always, That in case the Mayor of the said Borough, or his Deputy for the being, lbajl at any Time or Times refuse to join in giving Notice of a Meeting as herein-1

New Coraniif-. sioners to be chosen in the Room of thjfe dying, *c.

Time

before

mentioned, being thereunto required by any Twenty-live of the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, it shall and miy be lawful for any Seven or m >re of the said Commissioners to give Notice of such Meeting, and to meet without the said Mayor or his Deputy for the Time being* and in case at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, the Mayor of the said Borough or his Deputy, shall decline or refuse to attend; then, and in every such Case, the Commissioner who at such Meeting, shall, by the Majority of the Commissioners then prefant, be elected Chairman at such Meeting, shall in all Things have such Power and Authority at the same Meeting as the Mayor of the said Borough, or his D.puty, would have had if present; and all Orders and Proceedings, at such Meetings, shall be as valid and effectual as if the said Mayor, or Deputy bad been present*

X. And for the constant supplying the Number of Commissioners, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as often as any of the said Commissioners for the Time being, not being the Mayor or Recorder, or an Alderman or Common Councilman of the said Borough, shall die or, refuse to act, (such Refusal to be certified in Writing), being chosen a Member of the said Corporation, accept of any Office of Profit under this Act, or reftde out of the said Borough for the Space of Six Calendar Months; thm, and in any of the said cases, and not otherwise, it shall 2nd may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Commissioners for the Tirr.e being, by this Act appointed or to be appointed in pursuance thereof, or any Seven or more of them (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor, for the Time being shall be One), from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings, to elect (by Appointment or Order entered into in the Minute Book wherein they enter their Orders and Proceedings) such other Person, being a Merchant, Owner, or Commander, of a Ship or Vessel trading to and from the said Port, and an Inhabitant of the said Borough, to be a Commissioner in the Place of each Commissioner so dying or refusing to act, being chosen a Member of the said Corporation, accepting of any Office of Profit under this Act, or rdiding out of the said Borough as aforesaid, as they shall think fit; and each and every such Commissioner, so from Time to Time elected and appointed shall, from and after such Elect ion and Appointment have the same Powers and Authorities in all Things as if he had been particularly n imed and appointed by this present Act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor luUkt!onoifCthe ^or being shall be One), at any Time or Times hereafter, to make, ordain, and establish

Maftettof shtp* Orders, Rules, and Bye laws, for the better Regulation and Government of the Mailers and and Lighter*, Commanders of Ships and VefTls, and of Gangs of Lighters and Barges trading to and from the said ndof ihr Pi- Port, and of the Pilots and Bridgerr.cn to be licensed by the said Mayor and Burge lies as aforesaid, and lots and Bridge- a|f0 frQm I jme to Time, as Ocrssion may be, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter such Orders, Rules, fix Penal- anc^ Bye- iws, as to them the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said t.cs not exceed- Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be One), shall seem meet and convenient, and to ing 51. fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Five Pounds, for the Nonobservance,

Nonperformance,

Commissioner! to rulie Bye

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 30. 693

Nonperformance, or other Breach, of such Orders, Rules, or Byc-laws, or any of them, to be recovered by such Ways and Means as are herein after directed for the Recovery of the Penalties by this Act in- and t^e pj!ort Aided; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of am? Bndgeir.cii them,(whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Ti tie being shall be One), to suspend any of b<- luipend-the Pilots and Bridgmen who shall be licensed as aforesaid, who shall break such Orders, Rules, or Bye- for Breach of Laws, or ad in anywise contrary thereto; and if any Pilot or Bridgeman so suspended shall (during ^daflwminB the Time of such Suspension) take upon himself to pilot or conduct any Ship or Vessel, or any Gang such Sui,*nAoji of Lighters or Barges, into or out of the said Port within the Limits aforesaid, such Pilot or Bridge ne fu.j/tf to man shall be liable to the Penalty which is provided by this Act against unlicensed Persons acting as the t'a.aJry. Pilots or Bridgemen.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause the said Orders, Rules, The Bye-law*to and Bye-laws, and also a List of the Pilots and Bridgemen so to be licensed as aforesaid, with the bprinted, with Rates or Prices of Pilotage, to be from Time to Time printed and distributed, and likewise hung fj, a of

<up in some conspicuous Place at the Cujhm house, Town Dues Office and Meters Office^ in King's Lynn aforesaid. y^t.

XIII. Provided always, Thaj the said Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, or any of them, be not con- Bat not to be

trary or repugnant to the Laws or Statutes of the Realm of Great Britain. iep-gnant to the

Statures.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Pilot or Pilots shall and

refuse to take the Charge of any of His Maj> fly’s Ships, or of any Ship or Vessel in the Merchants j*ridsenion to Service; and in case any Bridgeman or Bridgemen shall refuse to take the Charge of any Gang of cence*v^Lud Lighters or Barges $ or in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of r0T M fbth/vi-them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be One), that any Pilot or cur, and if they Pilots, Bridgemih or Bridgemen, shall have misbehaved him or t-hemselves in the conducting of any act afterward, Ship or Vessel, or Gang of Lighters or B trees, or in the Execution of any other Part of his or their to

Duty as Pilots or Bridgemen; or if any Pilot or Pilots, Bridgeman or Bridgemen, shall refuse to the 1>cxuity* obey the Summons of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said

Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be One), requiring his or their Appearance; or shall break, or ad contrary to, such Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, as the said Commissioners for the Time being shall from Time to Time make in the Premises, or in anywise offend against this Act; then the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayoi7 or Deputy Mayor for the time being shall be One) upon Examination thereof, are hereby authorised to annul the Licence or Licences granted to such Pilot or Pilots, Bridgeman or Bridgemen, and to declare the same to be from thenceforth utterly void; and if any such Person or Persons so offending shall (after such Declaration and Notice thereof given to him or them in Person, or left at his or their usual Place of Abode) ad as a Pilot or Bridgeman within the said Port, or the Limits afore-mentioned, he or they shall be subject to the Penalty i.iflided by this Act on unlicensed Persons acting as Pilots or Bridgemen.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Matter or Commander Pilot*offeringt# of any Ship or Vessel, cither inward or outward bound, shall refuse to take on Board and employ a conduct Vessel* Pilot to be licensed as aforesaid, who shall offer his Service, such Matter or Commander shall pay, or inw!r|*or cause to be paid, to the Pilot who first, or who only shall offer his Service as aforesaid, and shall be ]^fed are not-so refused, the full Pilotage, according to the several Rates and Prices herein-before directed to be withering to paid, as if the said Pilot had been received and employed in conducting or piloting such Ship or Vessel be paid.

into or out of the said Pert of King's Lynn.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master or Commander of Maflertogive

every Ship or Vessel, so to be piloted or conducted into the Port of King's Ljfnn aforesaid, shall and is the PiJotthe hereby required to declare and give a true Account to the Pilot employed in conducting or piloting, true Draught of or offering to conduct or pilot such Ship or Vessel, of the Draught of Water such Ship or Vessel s5

shall then draw: And in case such Matter or Commander shall refuse so to do, or shall give an un- Refufri* true Account of the Draught of Water of such Ship or Vessel, then hs shall forfeit for every such Re- or Suspicion of fufal, or untrue Account so by him given, the Sum of Forty Shillings; and further, in case of such T.udi of the Refusal, or if the Pilot so employed, or offering to be employed, shall susped the Truth of the De- Account, claration or Account given, then such Pilot shall be, and he is hereby authorised to mark such Ship Pllo‘

or Vessel on her Arrival, and when unloaded to lay her on Shore in some proper and convenient Place are within the said Port, and there to admeasure, or cause to be admeasured, the said Ship or Vessel, in p* order to find the tiue Draught of Water fh$ drew on her said Arrival; the Expence whereof, in case £xpaiees howt© of such Refusal, or if upon such Admeasurement it shall appear that the said Declaration or Account te paid.

Dial) be untrue, shall be paid by such Matter or Commander; but in case the said Declaration or Account(haIl upon such Admeasurement appear to be true, then the said Expences shall be paid by the said Pilot; And if any Dispute shall aiife between the said Matter or Commander and Pilot, concerning the Expence of laying the said Ship or Vessel on Shore, and admeasuring her as aforesaid, then the same shall be settled and ascertained by the Mayor of the said Borough or hi& Deputy for the Time being, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Bdroiigh; and the said Expences, if refused to to be paid by such Matter or Commander when he is liable to pay the same, shall be levied and recovered, with all Charges attending such Levying and Recovery, in the same Manner, and by the same Means, as are herein after given and directed, for the Levying and Recovery of the Pilotage by this Act directed to be paid.

694 C. 30. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Pilotage of Ships

XVII. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Pilots so to be outward bound licenced as aforesaid, shall be requeued by the Master, Commander, Owner, Agent, or Confrgnee, of the Pilot*1 mayanY Ship or Vessel outward bound, to take the Charge or Conduit of such Ship or Vessel, it stall refuie to take and may be lawful to and for such Pilot, previous to his taking such Charge or Conduct, to demand the Charge. a sufficient Security from such Master, Commander, Owner, Agent, or Consignee, for the Payment of such Pilotage outward, according to the Rates or Prices herein-before directed to be paid; and if such Master, Commander, Owner, Agent, or Consignee, shall refuse to give such Security, then and in such Case, such Pilot may refuse to conduct or pilot such Ship or Vessel, and shall not be subject to any of the Penalties inflicted by or in pursuance of this Act on Pilots refusing to take the Charge or Conduct of a Ship or Vessel.

On Konptymeat

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Owner or Master, of Pilots or or any other Person having or taking upon himself or appearing, to have or take the Command, Rates^hc* Charge, Agency, or Consignment of any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, Gang or Gangs of Mayo'r, &c. may Lighters or Barges, charged or chargeable with the said respecthe Rates or Prices of Pilotage hereby distrtin. ' 7 directed to be paid, shall refuse to pay the same; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful

to and for the Mayor of the said Borough, or his Deputy for the Time being, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, and preferable to, and notwithstanding any Right of Hypo- -thecation, Attachment, Arrestment, or other Right whatsoever, claimable by, or due to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to seize, take, and distrain any of the Goods, Guns, Ropes, Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, of or belonging to any such Ship or Vessel, or Gang of Lighters or Barges, and the same to detain and keep until the Sum or Sums of Money due for piloting or conducting such > Ships or Vessels, jot Gangs of Lighters or Barges, into or out of the said Pore of Kings Lynn, according to the said Rates or Prices, and reasonable Charges for taking such Distress, shall be paid and satisfied; and in case of any Neglect or Delay in Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and Charges, for the Space of Three Days next after such seizing, taking, or deftraining, then it (haiLand may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, or his Deputy, Justice or Justices. to cause the same to be appraised by any Two sufficient Persons or Appraisers of the said Borough or King's Lynn, and afterwards to sell and dispose of the said Goods so taken and appraised, and thereout to satisfy the said Rates or Prices of Pilotage so due and unpaid, with all reasonable Charges of such taking, seizing, distraining, appraising, and felling, rendering the said Rates or Prices so due and unpaid to the Pilot or Pilots, Bridgeman or Bridgemen, intitled thereto; and the Overplus (if any there be, after the said Charges deducted) to the Mailers or Owners, Agents or Consignees, upon Demand, remit) for heat- XIX And, for preventing the Lodes and Mischiefs herein-before mentioned, be it enacted by the ing. &c. Pitch, Authority aforesaid, That if any Master or Commander, or other Officer of any Ship or Vessel, shal), ship ia* the* Port ^r*n5 the Time such Ship or Vessel shall lie in the Borough and Port of King's Lynn aforesaid, heat, is 40 s. boil, or melt, or cause or permit to be heated, boiled, or meked, on Board any such Ship or Vessel,

any Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Grease, Tallow, Oil, or any other combustible Matter; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted on the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, shall, for every such Offencfe, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shilling*.

Mayor, &c. to

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and determine Of* for t^e Mayor of the said Borough, or his Deputy for the Time being, or any Justice or Justices of

cnces*' the Peace for the said Borough of King's Lynn> to hear and determine any of the Offences which are by

this Act made subject to, and punishable by any pecuniary Penalties, and such Mayor, Deputy Mayor, Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited of Complaint made in that Behalf, within Two Calendar Months after such Offence committed, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and the Witnesses on either Side; or if such Information or Complaint shall be verified upon Oath, (which Oath the said Mayor, Deputy Mayor, and Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorised to administer), by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party or Parties so offending; and upon the Appearance or Contempt of the Party accused in not appearing, and Proof of Notice given, to proceed to the Examination of the Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Mayor, Deputy Mayor, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorised to administer L and to give such Sentence, Judgment, or Determination as shall be just and conformable to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act and where the Party accused (bast be convicted of such Offence upon such Information as aforesaid, or shall coafefs the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Mayor, or his Deputy, Justice or Justices, and he is and they are hereby required to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants for levying the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures so adjudged to be incurred by Distress or Distresses on the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed in Three Days, rendering to the Party offending, (after Payment of the said Penalties, and ah the Costs of the Conviction, Distress, and Sale), the Overplus (if any there be): And in case any Person or Persons shall be convicted in pursuance of thrs Act of any Offence punishable by pecuniary Penalties, as aforesaid, and if no Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so offending can be found; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Mayor, or his Deputy, or such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Person ofr Persons shall be convicted, as aforesaid, to commitevery such Offender and Offenders to the House of Correction, or common Gaol of the said Borough of King's Lynn, there to be kept to hard Labour for any lime not exceeding the Space of Three Months, or until such pecuniary Penalties shall be paid i which said pecuniary Penalties, so adjudged, and paid, or levied in the Manner herein

directed.

A.D. 1773. Anflo dedms tertio QjE.orgii III. C. 30. 695

di reded, shall go and be^pajd, Qpe Mpicty thereof to the Use of the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the said CppuftWion.ers, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being Hull be One), to be by them applied and distributed for the Relief of inch Poor Pilots #r Bndgemen heretofore licenced by the said Mayor and Burgesses, or to be hereafter liceaised in pursuance of this £d, in such Manner as the same Commissioners shall from Time to Time, think meet ?nd jpeceflary.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall think himself or them- Persons apgrki-Telves aggrieved by £ny Penalty or Penalties, Convi.dtion or Gqnvidions, in pursuance of this Act, it'? may wh to shall and may be lawful to and for him and them to appeal to the Justice of the Peace at the next ne DC* c ston* General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Borough, or any Adjournment thereof,

who are hereby authorised and required to take Cognizance thereof and to hear and determine the Complaint or Complaints of the Person or Persons so thinking him, her, or themselves aggrieved; and the said Justices may, by, Order of such Sifficr.s, mitigate or annul at their Discretion all or any of the Penalties lakfqn and incurred.by the Party or Parties complaining, or alter or vacate the said Conviction or Convictions, and set the Party or Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the same, and give such Costs to the Appellants or Respondents as they shall think fit; but the Person or Persons so appealing as aforesaid shall enter into a Recognizance before such Justice, with Two sufficient Sureties, to prosecute such Appeal at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Borough, or any Adjournment thereof; and every such Appeal shall, at such General Quarter, Sessions, be heard and finally determined*

XXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order Proceedings not or other Proceedings to be bad or made by or before any Mayor* Deputy Mayor, Justice or Justices quafoedfo* of the Peace of the said Borough, in relation to the Premises, (halt be quashed or vacated for Want waat 01 form# of Fotip only; and that it shall and may be sufficient for such Mayor, Deputy Mayor. Justice or Justices, to draw up the Conviction of any Offender gg^inst this present Act, in the following Form, or

Words to that Effea:

-Borough of IKS it remembered. That on the Day of Form of Con*

'XiflgrsLynn.-J in the Year of our Lord # is (or are)'convicted^10*'

before of HUMafflfs Jufices of the Peace for the said Borough, for specifying the Offence, Time apef Place, when and wheyc the same Was committed, the Case shall be). Given under Hand and Seal .(or Hands and

Seals) the Day and Tear aforesaid*

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'fhzt it shall and may be lawful to Conwussioners and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, ( whereof the said Mayor or Deputy [? ^rb^not "Mayor for the Time being shall be One), to fix and lay down, or e^use to be fixed and laid down, in ih«n°i3 the Harbour of the said Borough and Port, not left than Eighteen sufficient Moorings, with proper Moorwgi. Chains, Rings, and Floats to each Mooring, usually called Harbour Moorings, for the safe Riding of

'the Ships and Vessels in the said Harbour; the Property and Right whereof, and of all Materials of which the same shall consist, are hereby vested in the l^id Commissioners for ever; and they, or any Seven or paore of them, ( whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be One), are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, against any Person or Persons who shall wilfully injure or' damage the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Twenty-After June 24, fourth Day of June* One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, it shall and may be lawful to and J77$> the Com-for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy

Maypr foa the Time being shall be One), or for such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that lowing Duti*.* Purpose, to demand, collect, receive, and take as a Tonnage or Duty, (over and above the several Rates and Dues paid and payable before the passing of this Act), of and from all and every the Masters nr Commanders of every Ship or Vessel belonging to Majesty's Subjects arriving at, or coming to the said Port of King’s Lynn, and laden with Coals, any Sum of Money not exceeding One Penny per Chaldron, Lynn measure, for each,3pd every Chaldron of Coals on board such Ship or Vessel; and dfo of and from all and ev^ry the Masters or Commanders of every Ship or Vessel belonging tb His said Majesty's Subjects, as well thgjfe bound inward as outward, and laden with any other Kind of Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, any Sum of Money not exceeding One Penny per Ton, for e^ch, and every Ton of’ Goods, Wares, jipd Merchandises, on board such Ship or Vessel; and also of and >from all and every the Mafteis, or Commanders of ^very foreign Ship or Vessel, any Sum of Money not exceeding Double the Duty or Tonnage in the respective Cases before mentioned, payable by Masters or Vessels belonging to His Majesty's Subjects.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and power teborrow for the said Commissioners, or any Seven er more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor Money on the for the Time being shall be One), from Time to Time, upon the Credit of the said Tonnage or Du-Crcdkof such ties payable by this Act, to borrow and take up at interest, not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds Dutls*

per Centum per Annum, any Sum or Bums of Money which they shall think needful, not exceeding the Bum of Five thousand Pounds; and they utt hereby authorised and impowered, by any Writing or

Writing* without Sump, under their Hands and Seals, to assign oyer the said Tonnage or Duties, or

696

Assignment* to be entered in a Book*

Securities may be transferred.

and entered wii the Cle.k.

Commissioners may appoint Officers,

allow them Salaries.

and remove them.

Commissioners to take Security of the Treasurer and Collector. Officers to settle Accounts when required by the Commissioners*

On Refusal tO account,

r upon Conviction of any Offence, to be committed till they compound, or m^kc aatiffifiioo.

C. 30. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons for any Term or Number of Years, as a Security or Securities for the Sums of Money that shall be borrowed, and the Interest thereof, as aforesaid; and Copies of all such Alignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Part or Parts of the said gross Sum of Five thousand Pounds, in respect of Priority of advancing his, her, or their Part or Parts thereof; but that all such Lenders and Persons to whom such Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall, so far as the gross Sum shall extend, be, and are hereby declared to be Creditors on thd said Tonnage or Duties, in equal Degree One with another.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Assignment or Assignments of the said Tonnage or Duties shall be made by virtue of this Act, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, shall and may, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby authorised, from Time to Time, by any Instrument in Writing, or by signing any

-Indorsement on his, her or their Security or Securities, in the following Words, or in Words to the same or the like Effed:

« 1

I A.B. do hereby assign and transfer all my Title and Interesl in the principal Sum and Interesl secured by:

the within Alignment to C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns:

To assign and transfer his, her, and their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; which Instrument or Indorsement shall be without Stamp, and the same so made, and signed, and entered

with the Clerk to the said Commissioners, (for which he shall be paid the Sum of 1 wo Shillings and Sixpence, and no more), shall intitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Benefit thereof \ and such Person and Persons, Executors, and Administrators, may, in like Manner, indorse and transfer the same again, and so toties quoties } and it shall not be in the Power of the Person or Persons who shall have made such Instrument or Iqdorfement to make void, release, or discharge the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful

to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be One), to chuse and appoint a Clerl^, Treasurer, Collector, and such other Officers or Persons as they shall judge necessary for carrying this Act into Execution j. and to settle such Fees and Salaries to be taken by such Officers as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being to be One), shall from Time to Time judge reasonable; and from Time to Time to remove such Officers, or any of them, and to appoint others in their "Stead; and that the said Commissioners, or any Severn or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being to be One), shall take of such Treasurer and Collector, so to be chosen and appointed as aforesaid, such good and sufficient Security for the due Execution of their respective Offices as to them the said Commissioners shall seem meet; and that all such Officers and Persons shall, from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be One), deliver to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be One), or to such other Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be OneJ, shall for that Purpose appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writings under their respective Hands, upon Oath, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby impowered to administer), of all Monies which he, they, and every of them respectively shall to that Time have received by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall then appear to be in their Hands to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be One), or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being to be One), shall appoint to receive the same: And if any such Officer or other Person shall refuse or neglect to give such Account as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver up all the Vouchers relating to ti e fame, or to verify the Articles thereof upon Oath, or shall neglect or refuse to pay the Money due on such Account in Manner aforesaid; or if any such Officer or other Person shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be One), or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within 1 en Days next after his or their being required so to do by the said Commissioners, or; ny Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall he One), all the Books, Papers, and other Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act; then, and in all or any of the said cases, it shall arvd may be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, and he or they is and are hereby 'required, upon Complaint made thereof, to m ike Enqutiy concerning such Default in a summary Way, as well by Confession of the Party as by the Tdii ony ol One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer); and if any such Officer or other Person shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall com-

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 30. 697

mit the Offender or Offender* to the common Gaol of the said Borough, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a tiue and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded for the same with the said Commissioners, or any Seven qr more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be O.nej, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint; which Composition the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be One^, are hereby impowered to make; and until he shall have*delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings, as aforesaid, or given SatDfadion in respect thereof to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or mpre of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time beine shall be One).

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Com- Commissioner*

missioner appointed by or to be elected in pursuance of this Act shall at any Time accept of any acting in Of-Office of Profit under this Act, such Commissioner, if a Member of the said Corporation, shall not, ^e°rft^s0^ during his Continuance in such Office, ad as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, and such ift Member of Commissioner, if not a Member of the said Corporation, shall cease to be a Commissioner, and another the Corporation, Person shall be elected a Commissioner in his Place, as herein before directed. not to aa while

he holds it.

XXIX. And, to the Intent the said Tonnage or Duties may be truly answered and paid, be it fur- In case a Ship ther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Velle! shall depart out of the said J2^or^befofe

troller, Receiver of Entries* or their Deputies, shall not, after such Notice, take or receive any Ent/y c?rl not or Cocquet, or Discharge or Clearance, or take any Report outwards for such Ship or Vessel *ive AClear-

or Foreign, liable or subject to the Payment of the said Tonnage or Duties, until double }he Tonnage pr*ncc*

Duties (o left unpaid shall be paid to the Collector of the said Tonnage or Duties.

XXX. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend,* or be construed to JJ? extend, to charge any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors,.^sc yc{^" or any Vessel or Wherry, employed in the Service of His Majesty's Revenue, with any of the Duties exempted from hereby granted. Duties.

XXXI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Harbour The Harbour Moorings shall, from Time to Time, be maintained and kept in good and sufficient Repair, so as the Moorinj* to be Shipping and Trade of the said Borough and Port may be effectually benefited thereby, according toin the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Application of Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the ch« *r,’" Time being shall be One), out of the said Tonnage and Duties granted by this Act, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, to pay all just and reasonable Sums of Money and Charges that shall or may be expended and accrue in obtaining this Act, and in buying and laying down, maintaining, and repairing the said Harbour Moorings, together with, all Salaries and other Charges which shall be proper and necessary for the several Purposes directed by this Act.

XXXII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to For6vjng0f extend, to invalidate, alter, lessen, take away, in peach, or defeat any of the Rights, Grant* Liber- the Corporation ties, Powers, Franchises, Privileges, Dues, Payments, and Revenues heretofore granted, or which by Rights, any Charter, ancient Usage. Prescription, or Custom, have, from Time to Time, been had enjoyed, received, taken, and uted by the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough (save and except as to such Powers and Authorities as were heretofore vested in the said Mayor and Burgesses, which have been found to be inefficient and ineffectual to regulate and govern the said^Pilots and Bridge-men), nor to affect any landed Property adjoining to the said Harbour, but that the same shall stand* remain, and be in their full Force and Effect, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made any Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIlDAnd be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be Distrcfc nor m be-made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not Uftlaw‘

deemed unlawful, or the Party or Parties making the same deemed a Tresspasser or Trefoafiers on ac- Form - W*C ° count of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, or Warrant of Distress, or other

Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Tresspasser or Tief- "or ^arfy paflers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties TrefoTfllr lb distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Sa-jn;lJ04‘ tisfadion for the special Damage in an Action upon the Case: Provided that no Plaintiff or Plaintiff’s shall recover in any Action or Actions for such Irregularity, if sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation of commenced against any Person or Persons (or any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, Acton*. until Twenty Days Notice shall be thereof given to the Person or Persons against whom the same is to be brought; and every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall anse, and shall be laid and brought in the County of Norfolk, and not elsewhere; and the Dt-fendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit (li.ill and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Speci4 Matter, in Evidence, at any Tiial to be had thereupon, General Iilo*.

and

6gS C. 3T,

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Treble Cost*.

[Publick Act.]

Prtwnbfe.

and that the Matter in Question was done in purfirance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action or Suit mail be brought after the Time herein-before limited in that Behalf, or shall be brought in any other County [or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdi#, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonfoited, or discontinue -his, her, or their 1 Action or Suit, after the Defendant shall have appeared; orif upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Goffs of Suit, upon Affidavit made or Certificate of the Judge or Judges before whom such Cause shall be rried, of all or any of the Circumstances before mentioned, as the - Case may happen, anrd shall have the like Remedy for recovering the same,-as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases of Law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken aruLallowed, in all Courts of judicature within this Kingdom, as a Pirblfck Aft\;.ftRda)l Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof judicially *as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for the more effectual Execution of Criminal Laws in the Two Parts of the United Kingdom.

Malefactors, in that Part of Great of Great Britain called Scotland 5 Great Britain caJied Scotland, make ‘ their Escape into that Part of Great Britain called England; whereby their Offences often remain unpunished, there being no sufficient Provision, by the Laws of either of the Two Parts of the United Kingdom for apprehending such Offenders, and transmitting them into that Part of the United Kingdom in whidvtheir Offences were committed P For Remedy thereof, may.it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the*Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and jCamroores, in this prefect Terfats tgaWKb 'Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Of the same, That, from and after the palEng of this VkhomWarrants Act, if any Person dr Peffoils, against'Whorira arrant ;(ha)l be issued by any Justice or Justices of are issued by Peace of any Cduoty, Riding, Division, Gity, Liberty, Town, or Place, within that Ppxt of Great justices »n Eng Britain called England* for any Crime or‘Offence against the Laws of that Part of the-.United lences^who* Kingdom, shall escape, go into, reside, or be in any Place of that Part of Great Britain called Scot-. shall eVcapc into land* it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff, or Steward-depute, or Substitute, or any Justice of Scotland, may Peace of the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall escape, go into, reside, or be, to be conveyed into indorse his Name on the said Warrant; which Warrant, so indorsed, (haliibe a: sufficient Authority to thj*tCo£nl£ the Person or Persons bringing such Warrant, and to all Persons to whom such Warrant waS'OrigLnal-^c^wa/com- ly directed.; and also to all Sheriff's Officers, Stewards Officers, Constables, and other Peace Officers mitted by the of, the County of Place where such Warrant shall be so indorsed, to execute :the said Warrant in the justices, &c. in County or Place where it is so indorsed, by apprehending the Person or Persons against, whom such Scotland, who Warrant is granted, and to convey him, her, or them, into the County, iRiding, Diviftop, City, their Vameeoa liberty, Town, or Place, of that Part of Great Britain called England, being (adjacent to that Part of such Warrants. Great Britain called Scotland, in which the Crime was committed, and befate One of the Justices of Peace of such Goenty, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, to be there dealt with according to Law: Or, in xafe the Crime was committed in a County not next adjacent to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; then, and in every such Case, to convey him, her, or them, into any County of that Part of Great Britain cvUed England* next adjacent ;to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland* and before One of the Justices of Peace of such County, which. Justice of Peace is hereby authorised and required to proceed with regard to such Person or Persons, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending and making more effectuaTa Chuse in <an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the apprehending of Persons in any County or Place* upon, Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace of any other County or Place, as if the find rerfca or Persons had been apprehended in the said County.

Persons euiltyof And, for Remedy of the like Inconveniency, by the^ Escape of Persons guilty ofrCrimes in that likeOrimcs in Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from Scotland, may and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons, against whom a Warrant shall he b® apprehended, issued by the Lord Justice General, Lord Chief Justice Clerk, or any of the Lords Commissioners of «nd returned. Judiciary, or by any Sheriff, or Steward-depute, or Substitute, or Justice of the Peace of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for any Crime or Offence against the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom, shall escape, go into, reside, or be, in any Place of that Part of Great Britain called England, it shall and may be lawful, for any Justice of Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty* Town, or Pl^cc, where such Person or Persons shall escape, go into, reside, or be, to indorse his \ ‘Name on the said Warrant; which Warrant, so indorsed, shall be a diffident Authority to the Person or i’erson* bringing such Warrant, and to all Persons to whom such Warrant wasjoiigiaally directed

and

A'. D. 1773; Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 32. £99

and also to all Constables, Orothtr Pdaoe Officers of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty,

Town, or Phce? where (itch Wirram shall be foiintlorfed, to execute the said Warrant in the Coun-nr, Riding, Division, City* Liberty* Town, of Place, where it is so indorsed, by apprehending the Person or Persons agahaft whom such Warrant is granted, and to convey him, her, or them, into the County or Place- of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, being adjacent to that PaFt of Great Britain called Enghind where the Crime was committed:; apd before the Sheriff, or Steward depute, or Substitute, or One of the Justices of the Peace of such County or Place, to be there dealt with according to Law: Or in case the Crime was committed in a County not next adjacent to tha$

Part of Great Britain called England \ then, and in such Case, to convey him, her, for them, into any County of that Part of Great Britain called Scothmd, neat adjacent to that Part o( Great Britain called England, and before the Sheriff, or StewaixUdepute, Substitute, or One of the Justices of the Peace of such County j which Sheriff, Steward, or Justice of the Peace, is hereby required to proceed with regard to such Person or Persons according to the Rules and fra&tce of the Law of Scotland, as if the said Person or Persons had been apprehended in the said County,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expence of removing E*pence of re-Prisoners as aforesaid shall- be repaid to the Person defraying the same by the Treasurer of moving Pri-the County of that Part of Great Britain called England, or by the Sheriff, or Steward-depute, or fa* to be dc-' Substitute, of the County of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in which the Crime wa* by. committed, the Amount of that Expence being previowfly ascertained by an Account thereof* *tur*J,0En. verified upon Oath before Two of the Justices of the Peace of such county, and allowed an i land, or by the filmed by them. Sharifif-depute io

Scotland.

IV. And whereas ft frequently happens in both Parts of the United Kingdom, that Persons having Perfom who

stolen or otherwise feloniously taken away Money, Cattle, Goods, or other Effects, carry the same /Hall have stolen

Into the other Part of the United Kingdom, and there have the said Money, Cattle, Goods, or other Money.Ac. in Effects, in their Possession or Custody; and Doubts have been entertain^, whether tftqy

be indicted and tried in that Part of the United Kingdom, as the original Offence was not there

committed.; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing offer Thth. this Act; if any Person or Persons haying: stolen, or otfceryvife fejomoufty t^ken Money»

Cattle, Goods,-or other Effects, in either Part of the Unkcd Kingdom, shall afterward* have the same Money, Cattle, Goods, or other Effects, or any Part thereof, in his, her, pr their possessioit or Custody, in the other Part of the United Kingdom* it Quill and may be lawful to indict, try, and punish such Person or Persons for Theft or'Larceny in that Part of the United Kingdom where he, she, or they shall so have such Money, Cattle; Goods, or other Effects, in his, her, or their Possession or Custody, as if the said Money, Cattle, Goods, pc other EfjFefts, had been stolen in that Part of the United Kingdom.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, in Rectiveri of either Part of the United Kingdom, shall hereafter receive or haye any Money, Cattle, Goods, or Money, &c. in other Effects, stolen, or otherwise feloniously taken, in the other Part of the United Kingdom, e!lhei.p"?of knowing the same to be stolen, or otherwise feloniously taken, every such Person or Persons *"* K,»8jotn, shall be liable to be indicted, tried, and pun idled for such Offence in that Part of the United fa^Tto be stolen. Kingdom where he, she, or they shall so receive or have the said Money, Cattle, Goods, or also liable to be*' other Effects, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Money, Cattle, pumihed. Goods, or other Effects* had been originally stolen, or otherwise feloniously taken, in that Part of the United Kingdom,

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty third Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the dealing or destroying of Turnips and for the more effectually prfcYWing the stealing or destroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease, ^nd Carrots.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Cultivation of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pea fey and Carrots, is of great Confrquence to this Kingdom, and the Laws in being are ineffectual for preventing the stealTing and destroying the same;’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, if any Person shall fte.d and take away, or maliciously pull up or destroy, any Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease, or Carrots, growing or being in any Garden, Lands, or'Grounds, open or inclosed, and shall be the Tebf convrded before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or WitnelTcfs, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to administer), every Person so offending, and being convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, upon such Conviction, such Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings, over and above the Value of the Goods stolen, as to such Justice or Justiers shall Item meet; which Uum of Money shall be jdistributed between the Owner of such Turnipr, Potatoes, Cah-

Aftrr i* 1773.

llcaling Turn'-?, Potatoes, Cabbages, Acc. from any Garden, kinds, &c. (ba’1 fotfc’t lor. fa Conviction, be-fide the Value of the Gocris Uvler.

*}QO C. 32. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

bages, Parsnips, Pease, or Carrots, and the Overseers of the Pdor, or ot)>er Persons having the Charge and Disposal of the Funds of the Fdor of such P«r«(h or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for the Use of the Poor of, such. Parish or Place, in such Proportion as such Justice or Justices shall think fit*, or the whole of such Sums shall be given to the Owner of such Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease, or Carrots, or to the Overseers of the Poor, or other Persons having the Charge and Disposal of the Funds for the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Place, according to the Discretion ‘ of such Justice r Justices: And in Default of Payment of such Penalty, of which the Offender hath been confuted as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such Penalty shall be, sooner paid or satisfied: And if the Offence,* is committed in fbat Part of Great Britain called Scotland, such Justice or Justices* shall and may commit such Offender to Prison, thereto remain any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such, Penalty shall be sooner paid or fatitfied: And the bringing of the Offender or Offenders before such Justice or Justices of the Peace may be done, and the Proceedings against Offenders, under the Authority of this Act, may be carried on, in the most summary Manner, information! of II. And, for the more easy ConviAioo of Persons offending against this A A, be it en a (Sled by the Owners to be Authority aforesaid, That in all informations, and other Proceedings for any of the Offences aforesaid, taken and al- the Evidence of the Owner or Owners of such Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease, or^ lowed. Carrots, and of the Inhabitants of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed,

shall be taken and allowed; any Law, Custom, Rule, Order, or Usage, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Where Connie- 111. Provided always, That where any such ConviAfon shall be upon the Oath of the Owner or don shall beon Owners, the whole of the Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid to the Overse^r or Overseers of the 2*, ®f Poor for the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for the Use of the Poor JoSe tobc of such Parish or Place.

4>aid to the Ore* ' r .*; 1; ,

seer* of the Poor. i

Conriaionio IV. And, for the more‘easy and^ speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further be drawn in theenacted, That all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons following Form. 4h all be convicted of any Offeivce against this A A, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn of in the following Form of Words, or in any Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case shall happen, videlicet:

j^E it remembered^ That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord A.B. having been brought b fore me* or having been

duly summoned, and not having appeared, or heroing appearedr (as the Case may happen), and having con-fcjfed, or being convicted, (as tht.* Case m.iy happen), of thi Charge exhibited against him, is duly convicted before me C. D One of His Majesty's fif ices of the Peace for the County of.

[specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case shall be]. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year aforesaid, .

erorifc. V. Provided always, That no Person shall be prosecuted for any such Offence, un’efs such Profecu-

tion be begun within Thirty Days after the Offence committed.

Aa13 Geo. II.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty third Year of the (o tar as the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws for the "Jatcs to better regulating of Pilots for the conducing of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Hie of Thanet, VurnoV"8 *ver v Thames and Medway; and for permitting Rum or Spirits of the British Su-

gar Plantations to be landed before the Duties of Excje are paid thereon; and to continue and amend an Act for preventing Frauds in the Aumeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and several Parishes near thereunto \ and to continue several Laws for preventing Exactions of Occupiers of Locks and Weirs uport the River Thames, Wejfward, and for ascertaining tfft Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; and for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; and alj'o to amend so much of an Act, made in the First Year Jof the Reign of King George the First, as relates to the better Preservation of Sainton in the River Kibble \ and to regulate Fees in Trials at Affixes, and Nisi Prius, upon Records issuing out of the Office of Pleas of the Court of Exchequer; and for the apprehending of Persons in any County or Place, upon Warrants granted by 'justices of the Peace in any other County or Place; and to repeal so much jyf an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Time during wloich the Office of Excise is to be kept open each Day, and to appoint for how hng Time the same shall be k pt open on each Day for the future \ and to prevent the fealtng or dfraying of Turnips; Aall, after (he and to amend un Act, rr.ade in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for better Regulation of Attorneys Commencement and Solicitors so far as the same relates to the dealing of Turnips j shall, from ami after the Com-,ke wcncernent of this present Act, be repealed.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 33- 7°1

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign* (intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of timber Trees% and of Woods and Underwoods \ and for the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants)9 to Poplar, Alder, Maple, Larch, and Hornbeam.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign* FrwraWe.

(intituled, An Act for the better Prefrv at ion of Timber Trees, and of Woods and Underwoods Act6 Geo. III. 4 and for the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants), it was enacted, That every Person who

should wilfully cut or break down, bark, burn, pluck up, lop, top, crop, or otherwise deface,

damage, spoil, or d^stroy, or carry away, any Timber Tree or Trees, likely to become Timber,

or any Part thereof, or the Lops or Tops thereof, without the Consent of the Owner or Owner*

thereof first had and obtained, or in any of His Majesty's Forests or Chafes, without the Consent of the Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or Person or Persons int- ufted with the Care of the same, and should be thereof convicted, upon the Oath of One or more credible

Witness or Witness, before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices for the County, City,

Riding, Division, District, or Place, wherein such Offence should be committed, should, for the First Offence, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, as to such Justice or Justices should seem meet, together with the Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices who should convict the Offender; and,

upon Nonpayment thereof, such Justice or Justices should commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence should be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Twelve Months, nor less than Six Months, or un- til the Penalty and Charges should be paid; and if any Person so convicted should be guilty of the like Offence a Second Time, and should be thereof convicted in like Manner, such Person should forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Thirty Pounds, as to such Justice or Justices should seem meet, together with the Chapges previous to and artending such Conviction, to be afeer- tained by such Justice or Justices who should convict the Offender; and, upon Nonpayment thereof,

such Justice or Justices should commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence should he committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Eighteen Months, nor less than Twelve Months, or until the Penalty and Charges should be paid; and if any Person so convicted should be guilty of the like Offence a Third Time,

and should be thereof convicted in like Manner, such Person should be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person should be tried, should and thereby had Authority to transport such Person or Persons, for the Space of Seven Years, to any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm: And by the said Act it was enacted, That all Oak, Beech, Chesnut, Wal- nut, Ash, Elm, Cedar, Fir, Afp, Lime, Sycamore, and Birch Trees, should be deemed and taken.

to be Timber Trees, within the true Meaning and Provision of the said Act: And whereas Doubts have arisen since the passing the said Act, whether any Trees shall be deemed and taken to be Tim- her Trees, other than such as are declared so to be in the said Act :* Now, for the better Preservation of the several useful and valuable Timber Trees hereafter mentioned, casually omitted to be mentioned in the said Act, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice Sind Consent of the I^ords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Trees called Poplar, Alder, Larch, Maple, and Horn- /fter M I# beam, shall also be deemed and taken to be Timber Trees, immediately after the First Day of May, ,77h Poplar, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three: And all and every Person or Persons who shall after akW, Larch, the said First Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three next, wilfully cut or break Mar|p» and down, bark, burn, pluck up, lop, top, crop, or otherwise deface, damage, spoil, or destroy, or carry away any Poplar, Alder, Larch, Maple, and Hornbeam, or any Part thereof, or the J>ops or b*r 1

Tops thereof, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof tirlt had and obtained, or of some Penalties on de-Person intruded with the Care of such Tree or Trees, such Person or Persons shall, if found guilty of stroy rgany of any Offence or Offences, be convicted in like Manner as Persons are directed so to be, for Offences Tree* the of the like Kind, concerning Trees deemed Timber Trees, in the above input recited Act; anc] Jame *s for other upon such Conviction or Convictions shall be liable to all and every the Penalties, Forfeitures, and 110i r rcca# Punishments therein inflicted for any such like Offence or Offences; and all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace is and are hereby authorised, on Complaint made to him or them of any Offence or Offences, to aditoinifter Oaths, and to proceed in like Manner to Conviction and Punishment of every Offender against this Act, as fully and effectually as if the said Trees hereby declared, deemed, and taken to be Timber Trees, had been expressly so deemed and declared to be in the said Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and such Conviction and Convictions shall be certified by the Justice or Justices before whom the same shall be made to the next Quarter-sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County wherein such Offence or Offences were commrted, in the Form of Words, or to that Effect, directed by the said Act; and all and every the forfcituies for C (fences

702 G. 34^—38. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

against this Act shall be paid and applied in the Manner Forfeitures are directed to be paid in the said recited Act.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for paving, lighting, and dealing the Streets, Lanes, and Places within the Town of Brirhththnflonij in the County of Sussex; for removing Nuisances and Annoyances, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a Market within the said Town j for building and repairing Groyns, in order to render the Coast safe and commodious for Ships or Vessels to unload and land Sea-Coal, Culm, and other Coil, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town and for laying a Duty thereon, and for other Purposes.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Essex.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for lay ing open and widening of certain IVays and Passages within the Town ^Birmingham; and for cleaning and lighting the Streets, Lanes, frays, and Passages there; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Qbjftrufiums therein; and for wfdening certain other Streets and Places; for establishing a Nightly Watch; and for regulating Carts and Carmen employed in the said Town.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for making and extending the Navigation of the River Bure, (commonly called the North River)) by and from Coltishall to Aylsham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and for the mole effectually supporting and conducting the same upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the calling of large Plate Glass.

[Preamble.]

the Establishment of a Glass Manufactory in Great Britain, upon an improved < yjy pjan> in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the casting of Plate Glass, would be of great Benefit and Utility to this Kingdom, and may tend, as well to increase the publick Revenue arising from the Duties laid thereOn, as to improve the prdfent Method of making Plate Glass, Which is not brought to a State of Perfection equal to that in foreign Countries: And whereas

such Manufactory cannot be established without great Risk in the Undertaking, and without a very large Expence, nor can be conveniently carried on, unless a considerable Joint Stock is raised for that Purpose: And whereas several Persons have already formed themselves into a Society, and

subsertbed considerable Sums, and purchased Materials, and engaged proper Persons, for the Purpose of cftaMishing and carrying on the said Manufactory; but Inch Persons are apprehensive that Difficulties may arise, as well in recovering Debts which may grow due to the Proprietors of the said Manufactory, as also in defending Suits or Actions whion may be commenced or brought against the said Proprietors for any Matter 6r Thing relative to the said Manufactory, as by Law all the several Proprietors and Subscribers to the said Manufactory must in such Cases both sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded, by their several and distinct Names and Descriptions; and therefore, for the more easily carrying on the Manufacture, and avoiding the Difficulties aforesaid, are desirous of being Incorporated, and having a Common Seal and Name, by which they may sue and be sued: And whereas many Persons who are not now liable to become Bankrupts, within the Intent and Meaning of any of the Laws now in Force concerning Bankrupts, are likewise fearful of subscribing Money to carry on the said Manufacture, as by becoming Subscribers to, and Part Owners thereof, they may be liable to have Commissions of Bankrupt issued against them as Traders may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable John Stuart, commonly called Lord Mount ft uart, the Honourable Major General Charles Fitzroy, Herbert Mack worth. Peregrine Cujl, Thomas Dundas, Robert Palk, John Mackay, Philip Ajfkck, James Mowbray, Robert Digay, Angus Mackey, Henry Daggey Albany IVallis, Henry Ha flings^ Ranald MacDonald, Thomas Davenport, Asheton Curxen, John Do then, Thomas '.Potter, Thomas Durell, Stephen Cafar Lemaiftre, and Henry Emngton, Esquires; and every other Person or Persons who shall hereafter, either in their own Right, or as Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, in Right of any other Person or Persons become [Proprietors of, or interested in

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 38.- 703

any Part or Share of tb$ Jpii>t Capital Stock or Fund herein after mentioned, shall be One distinct and Separate Body Politick and Corporate, in Deed and in Name* by the Name and Stile of The Governor and Company of Britiftrr?/? Plate Glass Manufacturers, and that by the same Name they shall have Succession /apd a Common Seal; and that they and their Successors may, from Time to Time, break, alter, make new, or change such Common Seal, as shall be found most expedient; and that such Corporation shall be able and capable in La>v, and shall have perfect and full Power and Ability in Law to have, purchase, receive, take, and enjoy, to them and their Successors, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments of what Kind, Nature, or Quality soever, for the tJfe of the said Manufactory, notwithstanding the Statute^ of Mortmain, so as the same do not exceed the yearly Value of Five hundred Pounds; and any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, may give, grant, bargain, fell, or convey, to the said Company of Proprietors, any Lands, Tenements,' or Hereditaments, for the Use and Benefit of the said Manufactory, so as the same do not exceed the ahniial Value aforesaid, without License of Alienation in Mortmain 5 and that such Corporation shall have Power and Ability in Law to grant, fell, demise, alien, or dispose of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, at their free Will and Pleasure; and, in their Corporate Name,

shall and may be able and capable in Law to sue and irmriead, be sued and impleaded, answer and be answered, in any Court of Record, or elsewhere, in all causes and Actions whatsoever, for, touching,

or concerning the said Corporation, or the Manufactory by them carried on, as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Compel* may for such Corporation to raise a Capital Joint Stock, to be applied for the carrying on the said Manu- raise joint facture, not exceeding the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, at such Times, and in such Proportion, Stock.

as at any General Court or Courts of such Corporation, to be bolden in pursuance of this Act, shall be directed; and that the same be divided into such Number of Shares as herein after mentioned,

<ach S.hare not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and that no Person subscribing thereto, or becoming a Proprietor of such Manufactory, do become a Proprietor of lets than One Share, or more than Twelve Shares, either in his or her own Name, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, (except the fapae shall come to him or her by Devise, Bequest, Marriage, or Act of Law), upon Pain of forfeiting to the said Company of Proprietors all such Shares, e&eeding Twelve Shares, as aforesaid; and the Money so to be raised, is hereby directed and appointed to be applied, in the first Place, for and towards the Payment, Discharge, and Satisfaction, of the Expences hitherto incurred on accoupt of the establishing the said Manufactory, and preparatory to the passing of this Act* and rffothe Expences to be incurred in the passing thereof, and the Residue of such Mo-.nies shall be applied.inland about the Business of the said Manufacture.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of Forty thousand f©ibt Stock to Pouods, or such Part thereof as shall be raised by the several Persons herein-before named, or by such be divided into other Person or Persons who shall or may hereafter become Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Ma- Sharel#. nufacture, shall be divided into Eighty Shares, at a Price not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred

Founds for every such Share, and that the said Eighty Shares shall be? and are hereby vested in the several Persons herein-before described, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators,

Successors, and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the Sum they and each of them shall severally fueferibe and pay thereunto, and all and every the said Shares shall be deemed to be personal Estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of real Property; and all and every Person and Persons, their several and respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe and pay in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in Parc thereof, towards the establishing and carrying on the said Undertaking, shall be intitled to, and receive the entire and neat Distribution of One-eightieth 1 Part of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by virtue of the Sum and Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received, by the Authority of this Act 5 and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Shares, not exceeding Twelve Shares as afprefard; and every Person or Persons, having such Property of One-eightieth Part or Share in the said Undertaking, and so in. Proportion as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum (of Money towards carrying on the said Undertaking, in Manner herein after enacted, directed, and appointed.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesata. That jit shall and may be lawful Interest to be

to and for the said Company of Proprietors* their Successors or Assigni, and they are hereby required, |"d tlU f*°*. outnf the Money to be raised as aforesaid, until the said Manufactory stall be' foestablished, that dl" the Profits arising therefrom are Sufficient to make a Dividend equal to an Interest of Five Pounds per - Centum on *he Capital,4dMaVc^d, to pay unto all and every the said Proprietors, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall severalfy pay in or subscribe any Sum <or Sums of Money, for and towards the carrying on and establishing the said Manufactory, an Interest for such Sum or Sums as they shall respectively pay in, after the Rate of Five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds for One Year, from the Time that each of such Sum or Sums shall be respectively advanced as aforesaid, and be paid and payable ?t such Place or Places as shall be agreed on -.and appointed for that Purpose, at the First General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, to be held as herein after is mentioned.

V. And, to the £nd that all Matters or Things touching or relating to the establishing and carry - Peff f. ing on the said Manu/aftory ipay be managed and conducted in the mod beneficial Manner, be it schbing may further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons, who shall have subscribed ?ou*t Mcc£ for One or more Share or Shares of the said Manufactory, his and their respective Executors, Administrators,

7°4 c. 3s*

Book* to be provided for Sob< scriptiout*

Proprietor! not making their Payments to forfeit their Pro* perty in the Manufactory,

Governor, pnrv-governor, and Committee to bt chotcn.

Governor and Deputy-governor to take an Oath,

The Oath,

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 177 j,

ministratots, or Assigns, in every or any publick Meeting or Assembly, to be held as herein after appointed for carrying on the Business of the said' Manufactory, shall have Liberty by him* her, o* themselves, to give One Vote, and no more, without any Regard being had to the Number of Shares he, she, or they, shall respectively be possessed of, and interested in, as aforesaid; and whatever Que-Aion, Election of Officers, or other Matter or Thing shall be proposed, difeufled, or considered, in any publick Assembly or Meeting, to be held under and by virtue of this Act, shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes then present, computing One Vote for every Member then present, and no more,

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Book for Subscriptions shall be 'provided within One Month after the passing of this Act, in which said Book the said joint Stock, which shall not be less than the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, shall be subscribed by the Proprietors of the said Manufactory; and that each of the said Proprietors shall not subscribe less than the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, nor more than the Sum of Six thousand Pounds; and that all and every the said Proprietors shall pay his, her* or their Shares and Proportions of the Monies subscribed at such Time and Place as shall be appointed for the Receipt of such Sums of Money as shall, from Time to Time, be ordered to be paid, in pursuance of any Call or Calls to be made by the Order of any General Meeting, in Manner and Form as is herein-a.ter directed; of which several Calls, Three Calendar Months Notice at the lead shall be given, by publishing the same in the London Gazette and One or more of the publick News papers, at the Discretion of the General Meeting of the said Proprietors: And if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share, Parts or Shares, of such Monies to be called for, as aforesaid, within One Calendar Month after the Time appointed for Payment thereof; and after personal Notice given to him or her, or Notice in Writing left at his or her usual or last Place of Abode, then he, she, or they, so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every One hundred Pounds of his, her, or their respective Share or Shares in the said Manufacture.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Proprietor shall have incurred the Penalty aforesaid of Twenty Shillings for every One Hundred Pounds of such Share or Scares as he or fbe may be possessed of in the said Manufactory, for Nonpayment in due Time as. aforesaid of his or her rateable Proportion of Moaey called for, and such Forfeiture shall have been declared atfome General Meeting of the Proprietors, it shall and may be lawful at the same, or at any subsequent General Meeting, for any Five or more of the Proprietors then present to order and direct a further Notice to be given to such Proprietor; and in case he or she shall not, within Six Months after such Notice served personally, or left at his or her most usual or last Place of Abode, pay, or cause to be paid, all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be then due and owing upon any Call or OUs as aforesaid, and for Nonpayment of which such former Forfeiture shall have been incurred, and shall also pay, or cause to be paid, an additional Sum of Five P< unds for every One hundred Pounds which such Proprietor (half have subscribed towards the said Manufactory, then kick Proprietor, in case the Non-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money shall have been declared at loinc General Meeting of the said Proprietors, shall forfeit all his Incereft, Share, and Property, in the said Manufactory, together with all such Sums as shall have been paid in, or shall be then due and owing: from any Call or Calls as aforesaid; which last-memioned Sum or Sums due and owing from any Call or Calls as aforesaid, and the respective Penalties of Twenty Shillings, and Five Pounds, herein-before mentioned, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster: Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Proprietors, at any General Meeting to be held after such Forfeiture shall have been incurred., topoftpono, mitigate, or remit the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within the Space of Twenty Days after passing this Act, any Five or more of them, the said Persons herein-before named, shall summon and cal] together a General Meeting of all the Proprietors in the said Joint Stock, who shall and may quietly and freely assemble themselve3, and meet together at the Time and Place so appointed; and then and there, at their Will and Pleasure, name, chuse, and cleft, One of the said roprietors to be Governor of the said Company, and One other Proprietor to be Deputy-governor of the said Company, and also Five or more other fit Persons to be Committee-men of the said Company, the said Governor, Deputy-governor, and Committee-men, to continue in their respective Offices and Places, until a new Election, shall be had and made of a Governor, Deputy-governor and Committee-men, in pursuance and according to the Directions of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Governor and Deputy-governor of the said Company so to be elected as aforesaid, before they be admitted to the Execution of their respective Offices or Places of Governor and Deputy-governor, shall take the following Oath before any Two or more of the said Proprietors, who are hereby impowered to ad min titer the Line:

JTO U Jiuear that you will afjijl, and with all your Power fypport and maintain the Company of British-tajl Plate Glass Manufacturers, and the Privileges of the Jame, having no Respect to yourself in De~ rogation, Hinderance^ or Prejudice of the good Government, Order, and Commonweal thereof; the Bye-laws and Ordinances which shall be made by Authority of this. Company and which are not repugnant to the

A.D. 177 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 3$, '05

Laws of this Kingdom, you shall duly execute according to your Knowledge, /$ utmost of your Power

endeavour to favour and maintain the true Inter ejl and Welfare of the said Company.

So help you GOD,

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every One of the said Committee-men of Committee-me* the said Company for the Time being, before they be admitted to the Execution of their said re- to take an Oath, spective Offices or Places of Committee-men, shall take the following Oath before any Two or more of the said Proprietors, who are hereby impowered to administer the same;

JfO U swear to be faithful and true during the Time of your Place of Trust, as One of the Committee-

men of the Company of Britishwrf/? Plate Glass Manufacturerr, and their Successors; the good Estate of c Ual the Adventurers in this prefait Joint Stock you JhalU us far as you are able, favour and preserve, and the Privileges granted to them to the utmof of your Powor endeavour to maintain.

So help you GOD.

XI. And, to the End that all Matters and Things to be done and carried on by virtue and Autho- General Meet-rity of this Act puy be the more regularly carried into^ Execution, be it enacted by the Authority ingtobehcld aforesaid, That there shall be One annual General Meeting of all the said Proprietors on the Second wnnally. Wednesday in March in every Year for the future, at some convenient Place for that Purpose to be appointed, at or after the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon, at which said annual General Meeting

the Proprietors assembled shall chuse a Governor and Deputy-governor of the said Company, and also Five or more Person*, each of whom shall be for the Time being a Proprietor of One or more Shares in the said MmufaSory, to be a Committee or Committees, to assist in managing the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors, in such Manner as is herein direSeJ, and 3s shall, from Time to Time, be ordered by any such annual General Meeting or by apy Special General Meeting, to be held as hertin-after mentioned, the said Governor and Deputy-governor always to be Members of such Committee or Committees; and the said Governor and Deputy, and Committee-men, shall serve and continue in their respective Offices and Places for One whole Year next ensuing their respective Elections, or until others shall be eleSed and appointed in their Room.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time it shall appear to any Five or more Proprietors, that, for the more effectually putting this Act in Execution, an oc-‘cafional General Meeting of Proprietors shall necessary to be field, the Governor, Deputy-governor,

or any Three or more of the said (£ominittee, £11 Request made in Writing- by the said Five Proprie- ,

tors to the said. Governor, iDeputy-governor, or Comfipttee-mep, shall, cause Notice to be given-thereof in the Lon Ion Gazette> or in such other Mariner as the said Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall at any General Meeting direct or appoint, declaring in such Notice the Place where and the Time when such Meeting is to be held, the same to be held within One Month from and after such Notice given; and like wife specifying in every such Notice the Reason for and Intention of such Meetings respectively; and the Proprietors are hereby authorised to meet pursuant to such Notice, and proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given them \ and every Ad of the Proprietors, or the major Part of them, at such Meetings assembled, shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been done at an annual General Meeting, held in Manner herein-before appointed. '

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Committee so to oe chosen as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, be subject to the Examination and Controul of the said annual or occasional General Meetings of the said Proprietors as aforesaid, and shall pay due Obedience to all such Orders and Directions, in and about the Premires, as they shall from Time to Time receive from the said Proprietors, at any such General Meetings j such Orders and Directions not being contrary to any express Directions or Provisions in this Act contained. ‘

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case the Governor, Deputy-governor, or any of Covernon, &c. the Committee-men for the Time being, shall happen to die or rengn his Office or Offices, before dying, other* to the Expiration of the said Year for which he or they shall be so, elected; that then, and from J*c*°reoi thenceforth, it shall and may be; Lawful to and for the said Governor, or Deputy-governor, or any Three of the Committee, to summon and call together a General Meeting of the Proprietors aforesaid, and then and there to chuse into the Place, or Places of him or them To dy ing or resigning One or more other fit Person or Perform, as. th^ Case may happen, to continue in their respective Offices or Places, during the Remainder of such Year., t

XV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First General Meeting* tcu Meeting hereby appointed as aforesaid, all and every the General Meetings of the said Company, called by c^-r-hereby established, shall be, from Time to Time, called and summoned by the Order of the said Go- ®ors» vernor or Deputy-governor, or any Three or, more of the Committee for the Time being $ at all

which General Meetings before-mentioned the Governor for the Time being shall be present, or, in <n* his Absence, the Deputy-governor for the Time being, and in case of Equality of Votes or Voices, shall have a calling Voice.

y66 C. 3$.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D.

Committee, bat by Members possessed of 20 Shares,

No Choice of

XVI. Provided always. That if at ariy General Meeting the Nudibfcr of Ferfsria preterit shall b t*ian Nine, an<^ the Members present shall hot be pbfiefled of Tkrertty Shares in the ibid Manu-factory at the least, no Choice of a Governor, Deputy-governor, or Committee, shall be made at that Time; but in such Case there shall be an adjourned Meeting of the said Company, at the same Place, within One Month, of which Notice shall be given in the London Gazette, and such other fcublick Newspapers as shall be then agreed upon, or in such other Manner as at any General Meeting shall be directed for that Purpose, and so from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, uptjl such Choice shall be made of the Governor, Deputy-governor, and Committee, as ought to have been made at the first Day herein-before appointed, had there been a Fufficient Number of Votes present, and the Persons lo chosen shall have the same Power which they would have had, and continue in such Office until such Trine as they would Jiave done, had they befen chosen on the

Company may

said Day herein: before first appointed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors,

their Successors and

lye^Uw, may be altered.

nuke Bjc-laws, Assigns for the Time being, shall have Power and Authority at any General Meeting, to be held as aforesaid, in case Nine or more Proprietors are present at such General Metting, possessed of Twenty Shares at lead, but not otherwise, to make such Rules, Bye-laws, and Constitutions, for the said Government of the said Company, and for the good and orderly carrying on the Business of the said Manufacture; and also for the well-governing of the Officers, Servants, Workmen, and others who shall be employed in afrd about the Business dnd carrying on of the said Manufacture, or any Part thereof; and to impose and ihfli£t such reafforiable Fines or Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against the same, as to the major Part of such General Meeting shall teem meet, not exceeding the 'Sufn of Five Pounds for any One Offence; such Fines and Forfeitures to be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as are h^rein-afterfrieritioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, at any General Meeting to be held as aforesaid, hi case Thirteen or more Proprietors are pr&ent at such General Meeting, possessed of Forty Shares at leafft, but ndt otherwise, to alter or tepeal any fttifes, Bye-laws, or Coitftfcutrons, made by the faicfOom-fiany. at kny former Central MeetShg or General Meetings: And all such ‘Rules, Bye-laws, and Confritutions, so to be made by the said Chhipany, at any General Mcering or Meetings, betqg fairly wfote add entered rt\ the Books 6f thefard Gothpiny of Proprietors, shall he binding to and observ by all the Pirties, and shall be sufficient in-kny Cotirt of Law or Equity to justifyrli Persons who shall act under the same.

Books to be*-.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority afotfesaid. That the Book and Books in which «kr the Care of the Accounts relating so the find Uriderifckirtg :shall be flatted and settled, and all Other Matters and Things relating thereunto, shall be depdflted Under the Care and Custody of such Person or Persons as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, from Time to Time, dined and appoint; and every Proprietor or Proprietors, at'reasonable Times, shall have free Access to such Book and Books, for his, her, Or their Infoe&ton.

XX. And be it further ehaded, Thbr at every (hch annuhl General Meeting as aforesaid, the Proprietors shall call for* audit, irid settle iftll Adcoorits of Money which shall hereafter be received or paid in, for, about, or concerriittg^she said MArtufbdory, and shall settle and declare what Dividend or Dividends Avail be made to the Proprietors thereof: Provided always, That no Dividend shall at any Time be made amongst the said Proprietors, out of the Profits arising from the said Mamrfadory, over dnd above Five Pounds per Centum, upon the Capital Stock actually advanced, during such Tinie as there shall be due and owing from the said Company any Sum or Sums*of Money borrowed upon the Credit of their Capital Stock, or upon the Profits and Produce arising from the said Manufactory.

XXI. And be it farther enfi&ed, That at any such General Meeting as aforesaid, the Proprietors shall have Power to make such Call or Gails of Money, for the Purposes of this Act, as they shall

ing* bmsPgww find Wanting and necessary, not exceeding Ten Pburfds fer Centum on each Share at One Call, under C*Uiof such Conditions^ Penalties, and Forfeitures as herein-before mentioned, such Notice or Notices of such Call or Calls having first been duly given as aforesaid; which Money, so called for, shall bepaid to such Person or Persons, and in such Manrier; as the said General Meetings shall, from Time to Time Appoint and dined, for the Use of the said Manufactory.

Ceiirial Meet-

XXM.' And be it farther c^nicted, That for all Or any of the Purposes aforesaid, every such General

n*J®*y ^'Meeting shall have Power to adjourn tfhefafefves, from Time to Time* and from Place to Place, a3 jour. foall t^oug|lt convenient, and be agreed upon by the Majority of Votes then present: And in case there shall not be a fuflteient Nurfitterof Persons- present to form ftiCh General Meeting before Two of the Cfockin the Afterrtoon^ orfthe 'Day on which *ft»ch General Meeting shall have been called, thervany One of the said Proprietors present^ or their Clerk for the Time being, shall adjourn the Taid Meeting to the same Day Fort high t, and shall give Notice of fafch Adjournment in Manner before mentioned. 1

Owners of

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if‘imy Oirnerior Owners of ariy Share or Shares in the Sh* tt dyi^gbe- said Mmufa&ory shall die before fuctrCalF or Calls shall be made ' for the full Sum to boadvanced on e»cb Share, which he, she, or they, shall have been possessed of, or intitled unto, without having Sum! to be ad- ma<k Provision by Will, or otherwifiv how such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and the Money *aneed Oil each ~, paid

such Persons as the Company *1 appoint.

Proprietors at General Meetings may settle Accounts.

Proprietors t£ General Meet*

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 3.8. 707

paid in upon Calls fortht future; thep, and in (uph C^fe, the Executory qr Administrators of any Truih*, &c. such Owner lb dying, and the 'Ffuftoe or Trustees, Guardian or Guaqdians, of any Infant, or other indemnified for Person or Persons whatsoever, intitled to the Effete and ]£fte£U of such Owner deceased, shall be in- makl«8Pay damnified against all such Infant or Infants* pr other Persons whaffajve/, for paying any Suni or Sums men of Money, when called for, as aforesaid, to compje^t every such SuMcriptiop: And if such Owner Trofteesnegtea-foocafed shall not bave left AflTets fafl&cienf, gjr in $afe the Executors or Administrators, Trustee or jj* Payment Guardian, Trustees or Guardians, shall refuse or neglect toaofyver such Calfs Payments within Month^ such the Space of Six Calendar Months next after person^l Notice served on, or Notice left at the usual slur* a or la(t> Place of Abode of such Executor or Actniniftra(9r?t pr Topic or Qqe of them, or such Trustpe Qwawt t^ bc or Guardian, Trustees or Guardians, then such Share or Shares of such d^ceased Own, er or Owners, l«wc to the as also his, her, or their personal Efta$e, (in case they (handle, leaving Assets), fh^U be subject and fcc*

liable to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as are herein-before directed, in respect of the Share or n Shares of such Person or Persons as (frail neglect or refuse to pay in his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of such Mpnies as (frail be called for, in Manner herein-before mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for tfre fev?ral Pro- Proprietors y prietors of the said ManufaAory to fell *md dispose of any Share or Shares he, she, or they, shall or fell and dispose7 may be intitled to therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned; and any Purchaser of their Slurea. or Purchasers shall, for his, her, or their Security, as well as that of such Proprietor or Proprietors,

have a Duplicate of the Deed of Alignment or Conveyance made unto* him, her, or them, and executed by such Person or Persons, of whom he, she, or they, shall purchase the same, and alTb by the Purchaser Or Purchasers thereof. One Part whereof, duly executed, both by the Seller and Purchaser,

shall be delivered to the Company’s Clerk for the Time being to be filed and kept ’for the life o/the said Company; and an Entry thereof shall be made in a Book or Boqks to be kept by the said Clerk for that Purpose, for which no more than One Shilling; shall be pai>d; and the fndCIerk is hereby required to makef such Entry accordingly; a#d until such Duplicate of 4ucn Deed mall Jbe (o delivered in to the said Clerk, and filed and entered, <as above directed, such Purchaser or rurchafers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the fold Manufactory, nor any Iqtcreft f^r hj$ said Share paid to frioii her, or them, or any Vote as a Proprietor or Proprietor?.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thft no such Sale or ifotice to be

Sales, except to a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Company, shall tye any such Share or Shares, by any Proprietor or Proprietors, unfefs Three Months Ifotice in Wj^tingshall he given to the Governor, Deputy ^governor, or any Three of the Committee, of fych his, per or thqr Intentions to sell the same; and unless Content f(ball he given by a Majority of the ,whqle Numbpr of Proprietors, signified by Ballot at some General Meeting, which shall be held withinEour MphibsX^cr such Notice given.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Number of Proprietors of the said Manu- Proprietor* rt-

faAory shall at any future Time be reduced to the Number of Fifteen pr under then all the Powers J5*

of this Act, shall be fully exercised and enforced, in like Manner as is herein-before directed, by a Ma- eiea/°fc the* jority of such Number, in all. Cases where more than Five Proprietors are herein-before required to be Powers of th'i present at any Meeting. Aa in Ui Case*

where more th*a Fire are to be prefect It Meeting.

XXVII. And be it eqaAcd by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Sum of Forty thou- Afttr^CT^"b sand Pounds, herein-before authorised to be raised, (tall be found insufficient for the EJstablishment ^npaiiy\J and carrying on of the said Manufacture 5 then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and original Sum not for the said Company of Proprittqrsy by and.with the Content, Assent, and Approbation of not less sufficient. than Three^foarths in N umber of the said Proprietors, and not other wise, to raise and contribute

amongst themselves, in Manner and Form aforesaid, or by the Admi/fion of new SuJ>scribers/ upon such Terms.as they shall think proper, ?»y further or other Sum or Sums of Money, for establishing

And.carrying on the said Manufactory, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty thousancTPounds; and -

every Contributor or Subscriber towards raising such further pr" other Sum or Sums of Mortey, shall have alike Vote in respect of every such Share in the said additional Sum so to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and (land ioterested in the Profits and Produce of the said Manufactory, for such Share or Shares as he.* (he, or they, may subscribe thereto, as generally and exten-fively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if stich further Share or Shares so subscribed had originally been Part of the said Stock of the said Company $ any Thing herein-before contained to the Contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Forging the Seal shall forge or counterfeit the Seal of the Corporation, or any Deed or Writing under the common ^e/j0rn|)any Seal, or shall demand any Money in pursuance of any such forged or counterfeited Deed or Writing, "" eo*y‘ either from the Corporation or any Members or Servants thereof, knowing such Writing to be forged, with Intent to defraud the same Corporation, or their Successors, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof in due Form of Law, shall be judged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported to One of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America for a Term not exceeding Seven Years.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, stea]jn. m by Day or Night, break into any House, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place or Building, or by Ar0ying the Force enter into any House, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place or Building belonging ta the said Work*,

Manu-

708 C. 39. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Manufactory, or wherein the same shall be then carrying on, with Intent for steal, cut, break, or otherwise destroy any Glass or Plate Glass, wrought or unwrought, or any Materials, Tools, or Implements, used in, for or about the making thereof, or any Goods and Wares belonging to the said Manufactory, or shall steal, or wilfully or maliciously cut, break, or otherwise destroy, any such Glass Materials, Tools, or Implements, every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be judged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported to One of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America for a Term not exceeding Seven Years.

Writing* to bs

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Contraft, Agreement, Trans-without Stamp*. fer^ or Assignment of any Share or Shares, or other Writing whatsoever, made in pursuance of the Powers given in and by this present Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever; and that no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

Finesand^For-

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and For-bVrrcovered.l° ^ures- inflicted by this Act,c or by any Rules, Bye-laws, or Const tutions, made by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, by the Authority thereof, the levying and recovering

of which said Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, are not herein before particularly directed, shall be ‘ levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the OSender's G>ods and Chattels, by Warrant under

the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County wherein the said Manufacture shall be carried on, as aforesaid; which said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised to hear and examine a Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, and determine the same, and may, according to his or their Discretion, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, to be instifted on any Offender or Offenders by virtue of the Powers in this Act contained; save and except such Forfeitures and Penalties as are herein-before directed for Nonpayment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be called for from the said Proprietors, as aforesaid; and all such respective Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, by this Act imposed and inflicted, the Application whereof is not herein-before particularly directed, shall be paid, and shall be applied and disposed of, to, and for the tJfe of the said Manufacture, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Lhrfiution of

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, or In-Adigns. formation, shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities, or the Orders and Directions herein-before given or granted, every such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought and conir menced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed for which such Action or Suit shall be commenced, and not afterwards, and shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the County where the said Manufacture shall be carried on as aforesaid, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or De-Ceacril Issue tenants in all such Actions or Suits may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special eaer Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the famefc or shall be brought or laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, that then, and in every such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants \ and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonfulted, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, or otherwise. Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the De-Treble Cost* fendant or Defendants, in every such Case, shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for Recovery of the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

Commencement

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall take Place and and Continuance have Continuance, from and after the passing thereof, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, of this Act. and from thence to the End of the th :n next Session of Parliament.

Publick

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed,

adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justicet, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, called Kings Delph and Eight Roods, and also other Fen Lands and Low Grounds in a certain Place called Farcitt Fen* adjoining thereto, lying near to the Hamlet and Village of Farcett and Standground, in the County of Huntingdon. 1

CAP.

A.D. 177S Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 4.0. 709

An Act for amending and -rende^Wg; an1made in Twnty-TtventK

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty' intituled, An Act for discharging the Corporation of the Governor^ Bailiffs, 4n4, Commonalty, of the Company of Conservaiors of the Great Level of the F'ens, commonly coiled Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the Nottb L'veK Part of the said Great LeveI> /o raise Money to difehafge thi

Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said. Corporation \, and for ascertain* ikg, and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level; and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Levety and divers Lands adjoining the retoin tht Manor of Crowland ;/ so. fac ias the (fame relates to the federal Fen Lands Tying in the Second 0istrict in the said Act described.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Twenty-feirenth Year dFfcJjc Rei|tl oft His late jesty &*ng George the Second* intituled An As! far klife barging \fht^Conpckration of the Gover- act *7 Geo. It. Vwrt Bailijfsy and Gvmmemiky, tf the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Pent* commdady called Bedford Level, from a Debt clue to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling.

4he Proprietors of Lanas in' tke North Levels Part of the said Gredl Levels to ratfe Money to.discharge the Proportion of the fold. North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation \ and for ascertaining and ap- propriatixg the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level; and for the more effeSfuaI draining and.pre- strying the fold North Levels and divers Lands adjoining thereto y in the Manor of Cropland; the Con*-4 «niftioners therein named, or to be nominaced and appointed, in Manner therein mentioned,

-or the major Part of them, were authorised and impotfered to iaffefe, ratev taxv and charge,

all and every the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occapiets, of'aM and singular the Lands *and Grounds fttuate and being within th~ Sfeoond District or Division, f(One of the Five Districts r>r Divisions into which the said North Level was by the said Act divided)*, except as in the Lid Act isicxcepied; by and with, an equal and proportionabld yearly Rate, Tax, or Sum of One Shillings for every Acre of Land or Ground within the said, Second Distri#, to be paid by the Owners or Occupiers thereof to such Person or <Personsv at such Time or Times, as the said Commissioners for the Time being, or the m ijor Part of them, should, from Time to Time,

order, dire#, or appoint, the same to be applied and dispafed of, in making Works, Banks, Drains,

Mills, and Engines, within tthe said District,; necessary for, draining) the same, anc} for the other Purposes therein-mentioned: And whereas the said Rates and Taxes hade accordingly been applied by the Commissioners acting for the said Second District* in pursuance of the Directions given 4; by the said Act,.for and towards the erecting pioper Water Engines, and making Banks, Drains, and other Works, necessary for the proper draining the said District, and in maintaining and keeping the same in Repair: And wherdas the said Rate and Tax of One Shilling an Acre, charged on the said Lands and Grounds in the said Second District, by virtue of the said Act, has not for manjr Years past, by reason of the Witness of the Seasons, and many Breaches in the North Bank of.

Moretons Learn, being the Great Barrier Bank of the said North Level, against the Waters of Northamptonshire and Huntingdonshire, been sufficient to pay the yearly Expences of the said DistridV 4 Or to defray the Debts which the said Commissioners have been obliged to contract, by reason of such Insufficiency of the said Tax of One Shilling an Acre so charged for the Purposes of the said Distri#: And whereas the said Works already compleated are necessary to be maintained; and,

in order to pay the said Debts so contracted by the said Commissioners, and to carry on thi said Works with Lffeft, and to make other Works, a further Tax is necessary to be charged on all the*

Lands within the said Distri#, (except as herein after is excepted); and the several Owners and

Proprietors of the said Lands are willing and desirous that their said Lands should be charged there-

with accordingly, in order to raise Money to answer the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas.

4. such Rate or Fax cannot be laid, nor the said Lands effectually drained and preserved without the further Aid and Assistance of Parliament;’ may it therefore please Your Majesty that

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the Lands and Grounds, iitc-

ate and being in the said Second Distri# or Division, and every of them, (except such Lands and ^Acie.*

Grounds as in the said former Act are excepted, and exept also all other Lands and Grounds in per

the Parish of Eye^ within the said Second Distri#), shall yearly, and every Year, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same are hereby rated, taxed, charged, and, aiiefled, with an equal

annual Rate, Tax, or Sum, not exceeding in any One Year the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence

for every Acre of the said Lands and Grounds, over and above the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling

tn Acre, charged thereon by the said former Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Rate or Tax, hereby charged on the said Second Distri#, t»x p*yaM* for shall be, and is hereby laid and made payable for the Space of Fourteen Ye.u-s from the Time of ihc 14 Ytau. passing of this Act, or until the said Debts shall be paid and discharged, by Two equal Half-yearly.

7 to C. 40.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Per font allowed

Commissioners to any t Person or Persons whomsover, for or on Account of the fa ' 111. And be ifienacted by the Authorty aforesaid, That in case any Owner

After Expiration of 14 Year*, Commissioners to have Power to lay a further Tax of 1 1, 6 d. per Acre*

Payments 5 (tbit is to say). On the Twenty-fqjurth P^y of June, and the Twenty-fourth Day of December, in every Year, after the passing of -this Act during the Term and Time aforesaid $ the First Payment thwof?o ht m*deqn <h* TwntynfptuSh pay of 3W frfter paging of this Aftt to the Treasurqr pt Recpivqr of the said.D$ri& or Division, t<p be Apjplict} J>Y the Jsaid Com^iffionprs, in full Discha^ge and Satisfaction of the fevexal Debts and Sums of Money, now que from the said

hid DifaiA.

or Ptfopxittor, Owners by thve Act

rq iop tjiedaid Tax of Two

iixpetadeah Acre, so charged on his said Lands and Grounds, it 'flu! ! and may'be lawful tox the tikii;omiBrffi6ners, pr any Five or rapre of them, to accept and receive the same, and* to gay apply *hc Sum apcbSpttts of Jfyfoney so Received in the T^ym^pt of the pehtydise and

p*y\ng from the said Commi^oners, and so| yfnion the said Rate or Ta^ of Two SMUqys £Qd S»x*

fence an Aore is herAy drrested to be paldannuaHy, on Receipt of the said Commimonfrs, or any ive or more of them, for such Rate or Tax, to the Perfba or rexfixw paying the same, raatt %c a Aill Discharge to such Person or Persons; and, from the Date of such Receipt or Receipts for the same, as aforesaid,' the Lands and Tenementscharged by virtue of this Act with the Payment of the said Rite or Tax of Two Shillings aid Sixpence an Acre, shall be for ever exonerated, reloaded, and discharged from the Payment thereof; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary iptwithstanding.

JV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of the said Term of Fourteen

{fcuantitiet of Lamis u informer Act.

Tea of at. 6d.

for 14 Years, veiled in Commissionera, in order ta pay the Debts of the Distndt, &c.

The Tax of a *. 6d. per Acre to cease if the Debts are paid before the said 14 Years.

Years, ox so soon as the said Debts fhfeH be paid and satisfied, and the said Rate of Two Shillings and Sixpence an Acre shall cease and determine, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners -of the said District, and their Successors, or the major Part of them, over and above the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling an Acre, charged upon the Lands and Grounds lying in the said Second Distri& or Division by the said former < Aa, Once in every Year; that is to say. On the First Tuesday in July next after the Expiration -of the said Term of Fourteen Years, or after the said Debts shall be so paid and satisfied, to affefe, tax, and charge all and every the Owner and Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of all and every the said Lands and Grounds, lying within the said Seconch Distvi& or Division, (except as in the said former Act is excepted), with a further equal annual Rate or Tax, not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence per Acre for every Acre of the Lands and Grounds, lying within the said Second District or Division; which said lafhmentioned additional Rate and Tax lo to be laid, taxed, or assessed by the said Commissioners, as aforesaid, shall hr paid by the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds comprised in the said Distri&, to such Person or Persons, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner and Proportion, as the Commissioners for the said Second District or Division, or any Five or more of them present at any such annual Meeting, shall, from Time to Time, order and direct; and shall, together with the Monies to be xaised and borrowed on the Credit thereof, be applied and disposed of at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, present at any Meeting to be held for the said District, fof which Meeting Seven Days Notice shall be given to the said Commissioners), in or about the particular Works, Banks, Drains, Mills, Engines, and other Matters, and Things, neceftaxy for draining the said District, in such and the same Manner as the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling an Acre, charged on the said District or Division by the said former Act, is directed to be applied, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Quantities of the Lands and Grounds hereby rated, taxed, charged, and aft'efied, shall be taken according to the respective Quantities thereof afeemined in pursuance of the said former Act, (except the Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Eyre hereinbefore excepted); and that the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds shall

Say the said Rates and Taxes hereby rated and addled, according to the same Number of Acres,.

Loods, and Perches, as they are now rated and taxed at under the said former Act; and the said Commissioners are hereby impowered and required to rate such Lands accordingly*

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Rate and Tax of Two Shillings and Sixpence an Acre, hereby charged upon the Lands and Grounds within the said District, for and during the said Term of Fourteen Years, shall be veiled in, and applied, and disposed of by the said Conunifttoners for the said District, and their Successors, for and towards the paying and discharging such Debts as shall have been incurred and contracted by the said Commissioners, in and for repairing the several Works of the said District or Division, or for repairing or rebuilding any of the mills. Banks, Headings, Trays, Drains, Tunnels, Sluices, Doors, or other Works, within the said District or Division, or in or for the Purchase of any Piece or Pieces of Land, in order that proper Drains, Stamps, and Soak Banks, and Floor Works, might be made, cut, and laid out through the same, for conveying the Waters of the said District the more easily and quickly to their respective Engines for draining the same; but, in case the said Debts- (o contracted by the said , together with the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied before the Expiration of the fold Term of Fourteen Years; then, from and immediately after such Payment, the said Rate, Tax or Payment of Two Shillings and Sixpence

mine, (landing*

an Acre,

and be utterly void $ any Thing in

so charged by virtue of this Act, shall cease, deter-this Act contained to the Contrary thereof notwith-

A.D. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 40: >11

VII. And be it farther Thft ttye nominated and appointed for the said Se- Commissioner*

cond District by the said former Act* or defied pr choseo so pursuance thereof* and their Successors, Womt^.^ shall be* and are hereby appointed Commissioners for carrying info Execution this present Act, and I^nt Act to* all the Powers and Authorities^ hereby given; And that it stall gfwj may be lawfuj for the said Com- hi*ee*u*i missioners nominated and appointed, or so be pommated and appointed, for the f$cppd District P*er. or Division, gs, aforesaid* or any. Five or more of them* to meet at the several Tunes, and Place* mentioned in the said former Act, and in this Act, as well to put ip Execution the several Powers and Authorities of this Act, as of the said former Act, so far as the same relates to the said District

or Division; and, from Time to Time, to adjourn such Meetings, and meet again at such other Times and Places as they shall think proper: And ip. case of thje Jpifqualjficatiop or Resignation of any of the said Commimonera for the said Second District or Pivision, the Vacancy or Vacancies occasioned thereby shall, at all Times after the passing of this Act, be filled up, ip ftjch apd the same Manner, as by the said former Act is. directed, put of the Pjerfone qualified by the said former Act, to lit* vote, and aft as Commissioners for the said Second District, under the said Act; And that such Person or Persons, so to be chosen and defted Commissijonec^ w aforesaid, a#d may, aftyr he or they shall be foebofen artA elected a Commissionef or Coromiffiopers, as aforesaid, 'fit. vote, apd act as a Commissioner or Commissioners for the said Second Difirict or Piviftpo, apd shall be, and is, ?p4 hereby are declared to be a Commissioner or Commissippyrs for putting this Act, and the said former Apt, in Execution, and shall be, and are hereby vested with the same Powers and Authorities as the Commissioners under the said former Act are vested with; any Thing to the Contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That such Commissioner or Commissioners, before heoro^jo^ they shall take upon himself or themselves the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities take an Oath, given by this Act, or the said former Act, shall take tfed Oath for being of the People called Quakers, the solemn Affirmation \ required and directed to be taken by the said former Act; which said Oath or Affirmation any One of the said Commissioners i$ hereby impowered and required to administer.

IX. And, to the End the said Rates and Taxes hereby charged and assessed may be from On Default of ‘Time to Time the more easily collected and received, be it further enacted by the Authority Payment of aforesaid, That if any Person or PersonSf shall refuse or neglect to pay the respective Rates, Taxes, Tixes# or Sums of Money, rated, charged, or assessed, upon him* her, or them, or the Lands and.;

Grounds; in his, her, or their Possession or Occupation, by virtue of and undef the Powers of ^this Act, pr the said former Act, within Twenty-one Days next after the same shall become due and Payable* *nd Demand made thereof by the Collector or Collectors appointed to repe.iye the /$me, on the Lands or Grounds charged therewith, pr at the Dwelling-house of the Tenapa or Occupier Commissioners theiepf, it Audi and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, or for arty other Person or to hvc Power Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, to, di*ain»

( which said Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required, from Time to Time, to make, as Occasion shall require), to enter into and upon the the Lands and Grounds so rated and taxed as aforesaid, in Possession of such Person or Persons as shall so make Default in Payment as aforesaid, and all Messuages and Tenements thereupon (landing, or thereunto belonging, with the Appurtenances, and to levy the Sum of Sums of Money, by him, her, or them, payable for such Rate and Tax, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Occupier, in such and the same Manner as is directed by virtue of the said former Act.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Tenant to pay several and respective Tenant and Tenants of all and Angular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds Tara, and de-within the said Second District, which shall be assessed, taxed, and charged, by virtue of this Act, to d»a.thafame pay, and they are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be out nfhia Bent, so assessed, taxed, and charged, uport their said Lands and Grounds respectively, and to dedi^ft the same out of his or her Rent or Rents, in such and the same Manner as by the said former Act is directed; and the Landlord and Landlords, both mediate and immediate, according to their respective Interests therein, are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment accordingly: But such Landlord or Landlords shall be intituled to the same Powers with respect to such Deductions and Payments as are mentioned and contained in the said former Act; any Thing tereia-before contained to the Coil-uay, notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, That in case any of the said Lands and Grounds shall, at any Time after Inctfc Lands tbp puffing of >this Act; bo unoccupied, and rto Distress cart be found) by re* foil whereof the Sums of are amounted, Money so assessed, taxed, and charged thereon, cannot be raised; then, and in such Case, the Rate or

Tax, and the Arrears thereof, so due, and to become due, by virtue of this Act, or the said former

Act, shall remain a Charge upon the said Lands and Grounds Until the same shall be occupied; and thereon, when and so soon as the same shall be so occupied, it shall and may be lawful for such respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for the Time being, or for any other Persons, by virtue of such Warrant or Precept as aforesaid, to enter into and upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, 0Q at any futuic and distrain for such Taxes, and the Arrears thereof, when there shall be any Distress thereon to be Time when found, in whose-soever Possession such Fen Lands or Low Grounds shall happen to come or be, and tenacted, the Distress and Distresses there found to fell, as in Manner hcreia-befoxe and in the said former Act, is directed.

7 i2 C. 40.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

cause* for borrowing M:ney.

Not to »flV& the Creditors under the former Act.

What Sums

A.D. 1773.

XII. And be it further enacted1 by the Abtharity aforesaid, That it shall ants may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said Second District, or aoy Seven or more of them, to borrow, take up, and receive, any Sum or Sums of Money that they shall think proper, upon the Credit of the said' Kate or Tax of One Shilling an Acre charged by the said former Act; and also from and after the Commencement of the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling and Sixpence an Acre, to be charged upon the Lands and Grounds within the said Second DMlrict by virtue of this Acr^ to borrow, take of, and receive, upon the Credit of the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling fend Sixpehc^ an Acre; and by Writing, without Stamp, under the Hands ami Seals of any Seven or more of the said Commissioner?, to mortgage, charge, assign, convey, or incumber, the said Rates and Taxes, or any Part or Proportion of such Rates and Taxes, with and for the Repayment of the Sums so borrowed, with such hiterest, at such Times, and with such Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption^, as shall be agreed* upon; and it shall be particularly set forth in every such Alignment which of the said Rates or Taxes -shall be charged with the Payment of the Monies so respectively borrowed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or* be construed to extend, in anywise to affect, impeach, or lefTen, any Right or Priority of Claim, which any Person or Persons who have advanced any Money upon the Credit of any former Acts,

Which any Rate, Tax, or Assessment, has been laid upon the Lands to be taxed by virtue of this Act, now have upon such Lands in respect of such Money so advanced; but that the said Lands shall, in the First Place, be liable to the Rates and Taxes charged by the said former Acts, and* to the Money borrowed thereon; any Thing m- this Act to the Contrary notwithstanding.

an oum,

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no more than the Sum of One thousand Pounds ma/be borrow- shall be borrowed or owing, at any One Time, on the Credit or Security of the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling an Acre, charged by the said former Act on the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Second District and that no more than the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds shall be -borrowed or owing, at any One Time; on the Credit or Security of the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling and Sixpence an Acre* charged by virtue of this Act upon the said Second District, and that the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling an Acre, laid by the said former Act, and the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling and Sixpence an Acre, charged by this Act upon the Lands and Grounds within the said District or Division, shall not, during the Time any Principal Monies or Interest shall be due on the several Securities thereof, be lefa in any One Year than the several Sums charged upon the said District by the said former Act, and by this Act respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That that the said Mortgages and Securities so to be made by the said Commissioners of the said several and respective Rates and Taxes arising within the said District, shall and may be assignable oi» transferable by Indorsement on the original Grant or Security thereof made, or otherwise, without Stamp* to any Person Or Persons whomsoever; and the Person or Persons to whom such. Assignment or Transfer shall be made, foall and may, from and after th^ Time that the same is entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, be well and sufficiently in titled to such Mortgage Monies and Interest, and all the Moines due and to grow due thereon; which Entries are hereby required-to be made, on Request, and producing such Assignment, and paying Two Shillings1 and Sixpente for every such Entry; and such Assignee and Assignees shall and may,* in like Manner, by Indorsement, of otherwise, without Stamp* assign and make over such Mortgage or Mortgages, and Securities, so assigned as aforesaid; and so toties quoties, as Occasion may require, every such Assignment or Transfer being entered in such Book, as aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling an Acre, charged on the said District by the said former Act, and the said Rate of One Shilling ami Six-

Pence an Acre, charged by virtue of this Act, shall be reflectively chargeable with the Payment of- the Vincipal Money so to be borrowed by the said Commissioners, and the Jiuereft thereof, mul Avail* vest in the Creditors of the said respective Rates or Taxts upon which the same shall be so* borrowed; and, upon Default of Payment of such Principal Money and interest, and \n>cil the same, and every Part thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof, the said Creditors, their Executors, A dminift raters, a-ad Assigns, respecti>e)y* shall have the same Powers, Rights, and Privileges, of assessing* railing, and recovering, the respective Rates and Taxes payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of the several Lands and Grounds within the said District, for or in respect of such Principal Money and Interest, ii* case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said Corwo'dfion: rs, and their Collectors and Receivers could* have had, in case such Principal Money and Interest had been regularly and fully paid and fa-tisficJ.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said principal Sum of One thousand tht kx>o! *©b« Pounds, so to be raised, borrowed, or received, by the said Commissioners, upon the Credit of the borrow d onth* said Rate or Tax of One Shilling per Acre so charged upon the said Distrhft by virtue of the said for-1 a. P r Acrr, ur.er Act, or so much thereof as the said Commissioners (bail find requisite, shall be raised, paid, and chi^cri by the a,->pi]ic^ by the said Commissioners for and towards pa\ ing and defraying' the Charges of this prsfent Act; and the Residue of the said Sum of One thousand Pounds, so 10 be raised, borrowed, or received, by the said Commissioners, upon tn» Credit of the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling ait Acre focnaiged by the said former Act, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, by the said Commissioners, and th* ir Successors, for and towards the Works of the said District, in Ajch Manlier as the said Commissionen?, or any Five or more of them, ftialh direct, order, and appoint the Lune, and to and foi no other Uic, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever*

Writing* fruy be without Stamps.

Persons pofle£-of Alignments mtitled t> Mortgage Monies and IntereA.

Farmer Tax of j s. per Acrr, ar.d'the present Tax of 1 s. 6-d. per Acre, fub-j«d to Debts.

A'fcpflrstion of former Act.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 4.0.; 7*3

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of the 10

said Commissioners* at any Meeting to be held for the said District by virtue of the said former Act, or m

of this Act, shall be entered in Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by Five or more of the said Commissioners, so assembled at such Meeting, and being so signed, shall be. r-deemed and t’Jccn to be original Orders; and all such Books, and also the Books hereby directed to be kept for registering the Securities, Assignments, and Transfers, shall and may be read in Evidence on all Trials at Law, of any Suits or Actions touching any Thing done in relation to, or in pursuance of, this Act, or of the said former Act: And that no Order which shall be made by the said Commissioners of the said Second District, or any Five or more of them, at any of their Meetings to w,t 9t oV be held by virtue of this Act, or of the said former Act, shall be altered, reversed, annulled, or made void, at any fuMcquent Meeting, unless Notice in Writing, signed by Three of the said Commissioners, be delivered to all the Commissioners of the said Second District, signifying for what Purpose such Meeting is intended to be held. Seven Days before such subsequent Meeting, and affixed on the,

Market Cross and Church Door of Saint Mary's Church in Whittlesea in the IJk of Ely, and the Dog. in the Doublet's Sluice on the North Bank of Moreton'* Leant; at which Meeting no less Number than.

Seven of the said Commissioners shall be present, and Five of such Commissioners shall be afienting

to the Reversal of such former Order.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for the Engine* an*— said District, or any Five or more of them, shall cause all and every the Engines and Mills already Mills to be in- erected by virtue of the said former Act, or which shall be erected and employed by virtue of this Act, fwfed*'

to be insured against Fire in feme, of the public Insurance Offices and, from Time to Time, to pay the Expence attending such Insurance out of the Monies arising out of the said. former Act, or this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, may. Molt Catching. < and they are hereby impowered, out of the Monies- arising in or upon the said District by virtue of

th is Act, or of the said former Act, to nmke'such Allowance for catching or destroying Moles, or other*

Vermin, in the Banks and Lands belonging to or in the said District, as they the fail Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Houses NoHousen* or Buildings shall be erected within the said District, or any other Obstruction whatsoever laid or Building* to bt placed, (except Stacks of Corn or Hay in Yards already laid out for that Purpose). or Trees or Holts planted in the said District, within Forty Poles, being the Pole of Eighteen Feet, of any Mill or

Engine already.built, erected, or employed, for draining the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the |joei. said District: And if any Person or, renews shall build or erect any House, Barn, or other Building, u. f -or shall plant any Tree or Holt, or place, lay, or put any other Obstruction in the said District, oroU

within any less Distance than Forty Poles of any such Mill or Engine, or shall plant any Tree or

Holt upon any of the Banks of the said District, or within.Ten Feet of the said Banks, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such House and Building, the Sum of One Hundred Pounds; One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Person so suing for the same, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Receiver or Collector for the Time being for such District, as the Case shall happen such Penalty, Compensation, and Satisfaction, to be recovered, together with. Double Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill Plaint, or Information, rn any of His Majesty's Courts.of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed y and for every. Tree the Sum of One Shilling, and Five Pounds for every Holt or other Obstruction, so. planted or laid, as aforesaid, within the said District: Which said Penalties of One Shilling and Five,

Pounds, shall and may be recovered by Dili refs and Sale of- the Offender’s Goods and Chattel* within the said Didrift, by. Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the Isle of Ely % or Counties of Huntingdon or Northampton^ (not interested in the Premises), upon Convictmn of the Party so offending before such Justice, which Warrant such Justice is hereby irapowered to issue y am! the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered, at any of their Meetings; by an Order under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of them, to order their Agents or Servants to takedown such Buildings so erected, and to pull up and remove such Trees, Holts, and other Obstructions, so placed contrary to this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Owners or Occupiers owner# to of the Fen Lands and Low Ground* within the said Second District shall, for. Sixty. Days after the up their Soaic. passing of this Act, neglect or refuse to fill up their several Soak Dikes and Soak Gripples, already cut Dikes andsoAk. next the several Banks within the said Second District at a less Didance from the said Banks than Sixty Guppies.

Feet from the same, or shall neglect or refuse to make proper Soak Dikes and Soak Gripples at the full Dittance of Sixty Feet from such Banks; then, and in either of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said former Act, or of this Act, or any Five or more of them, 10 order their Surveyor to give Notice to such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, that unless the same are filled up, or new Soak Dikes or Soak Gripples cut, as the Case shall be, pursuant to such Notice, hat then the same will be filled up, and others cut in Manner aforesaid; and in case the Person or Persons shall, afar receiving such Notice, neglect or refuse to fill up, make, and cut the same, it shall and may, be lawnl for the Commissioners of this Act, or of the said former Act, or any Five or more of them, to order the surveyor of the said Second District to fill up, or make and cut the same, as the Case shall be, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and that the Charges of filling up such Soak Dikes or Soak.Giripples, or of making and cutting others in lieu thereof, shall be

home

714 C. 40. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

orne and pi\6 by the Person or Persons so neglecting of rcrfufiAt, *nd be recovered: by Distiefe and ale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refilling, in such and the same Manner as the Rates and Taxes by this Act are herein-before directed to be recovered.

Commissioner*

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if any 1'rccs or Holts are now growingia to have Power the said Second District, within the Distance of Forty Poles from any Mill or Engine already built, to mno?e Treet or hereafter to be built, within the said District, or upon any of the Banks within the said Dtftrice, or pl«^8»mk106 within Ten Feet of such Banks, it shall and may be lawful for the said Corwtmflioners, or any Five SatiffcOfotiito 9r more of them, by a like Order under their Hands and Seals, to order the same to be taken up or the Owners. pulled down, as if the same had been planted since the passing of this Act, making such Satisfaction out of the Monies aiifing by virtue of this or the said former Act to the Owner or Owners of such Trees or Holts as shall be agreed upon between such Owners and the said Commissioners; and in c*fe ariy Difference or Dispute lnall arise between the Commi/Ronera and such Owner, touching) such Satisfaction, and the same cannot be settled between them, then such Satisfaction and Recompense shall be finally settled and determined by Two Justices of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely, (not iiUotefttd in the Premises), whose Determination shall bc-final to all Parties.

DUh*6 not*-

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress (half be Uwful for want made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by Virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be of F<*n. deemed unlawful, nor the Party ot Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Notice, Warrant of Distress, or Other Proceedings relating thereto 5 nor shall the Party or Patties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or *Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Case.

XXV. And Whereas the Navigation from the River Nen to the Towa of Thomey had used. Time Manner former- immemorial, to be carried on through The Dog and Doublet Sluicey in the North Bank of AfcreWt Navigation on I Leant, alone a certain Cut called The Delph or Slype River, in the said Second District of the said the River Nen ‘ North Level, unto a certain Bridge called The.Stone, otherwi fe Red Lyon Bridge y in the said Lord ship to »he Town of c of Thornf)\ which said Sluice and Delph or Slype River have been. Time immemorial, and were the Thqrwy. 4 sole Property of the-most Noble John Duke of Bedford, and his Ancestors, Owners of Thomey aforesaid;

but, since the paflipg of the said Act of the said Twemy-seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Second* the said Navigation has been obstructed by fonac Works made by the Commissioners for executing the Powers of the said Act within the said Second District, and the Navigation

from the said Rivet Nen to the Town of Thorny, aforesaid has, since that Time, being carried along Thomey Dikey from Knar Lake to the said Stone > otherwise Red Lyon Bridge, which is attended with great inconvenience to the said Navigation, and the draining of Thomey Lordfoip aforesaid,

well as of the said Second District;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Devrfees in Trust under the Will ofshersaid Jahn late Duke of Bedford^ and the Survivor and Survivors of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, during the Minority of the Duke of Bedford, for the Time being, and, after his attaining the Age of Twenty-one Years, for the Duke of Bedford, his Heirs and Assigns, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and impowered to make One Pen Sluice in the said Delph or Slype River next the counter

Drain in the said Second District, and also One other Pen Sluice in the said Delph or JSlype River next Thorney Dike, in the said District, and to remove the Dame in the said Delph or Slype River against the, counter Drain and Thorney Dike aforesaid; and also to lay a Tunnel under the said Delph or Slype River, where the Mill Drain now crosses the same, Seven Feet below the Level of the Lands adjoining thereto, and Ter\ Feet wide; and also to scour out and deepen the said Delph or Slype River in the said Second District, from the counter Drain to Thorney Dike aforesaid, Four Feet below the Level of the lowest { Land adjoining-to the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Water in Thomey ^row^Wrt«r jyjfo aforesaid, West ward, or above the pointing Doors, hereafter directed to be placed in the said Dike. 1 Dike, shall be higher than the Level of the lowest whole Lands in said Second District, by any or either of the Mills or Engines in the said Lordship of Thorney throwing the Water into the said Dike Westward, or above the said pointing Doors, the said Devisees, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, during the Minority of the Duke of Bedford for the Time being, and afterwards the Duke of Bedford, his Heirs and Assigns, shall work. One Mill or Engine standing near the lower End of.rhe feid Thomey Dike, todrain the Water out of the same, for which Purpose a pair of pointing Doors, or Flood-gates, shall be placed and kept in the said Thomey Dike, a little above the Place where said Mill now stands; and in case at any Time the Water in the said Thomey Dike shall be above the Level of the lowest whole Lands in the said Second District, by any or either of the Engines or Mills in Thorney Lordship throwing into the said Dike, Westward, or above the said pointing Doors, and the said Mill or Engine near the lo-ver End of the same, shall not work at the Dike to throw the Water out of the said Dike, that it shall *nd maybe lawful for any Five or more of the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of this Act, or by the said former Act, for the said Second District, to give Notice in Writing under their Hands to the Steward of the said Devisees, or of the Duke of Bedford, (such Notice to be left at the Manor-house in Thomey aforesaid), that the Water in the said Dike, called Thorney Dike, Westward, or above the said pointing Doors, is higher than the Lands in the said Second District, by any or either of the Engines or Mills m Thomey Lordshipjhrowing into the said Dike above the said pointing

Doors,

, Power of Com*. miHionen with. respeffc to the Water Engine at the Bottom of Thofney. DJce.

Nate of Buford* present Powers under

- Mtthod^f

A';, IX i J7P Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 40, jij

Doors^or Flood-e»tes t And in case the Aid Engine'er Mill, at or near the lower End of the Aid Dike, ft*ll not, after Two Days, to be computed from the Time of delivering such Notices, as aforesaidv work at and throw the Water out of the said Dike, it shall and may be lawful for the Aid Commissioners, or any Person appointed by them, or any Five of thera^ in Writing under their Hands, -to work the said Engine or Mill for the Purpose aforesaid: And, in order to enable Xuch CommUfionm Person and Persons so employed by the said Commissioners, as aforesaid, to work the said Engine for Joha*ePow" the Benefit of the Aid District, it shall and may be lawful for such Petfba or Persons to enter into Dukcof bLu and upon the Aid Land* and Mill of the said Devisees, or of the said Duke of Bedford, his Heirs or f0rd’» Property Assigns, by Order of the said Commissioners, as aforesaid, for that Purpose, without being liable w to work the En-ftfbjefr to any Action of Trespass, or other Profecucion whatsoever, by the said Devisees, or tines* the said Dako of Bedford$ his Heirs or Assigns, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, for so doing.

XXVII. Provided neverthelefe, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at At whit Time* any Time the Water in the said Second Distri& shall overflow the Bank of Thome? Dike in the said the Mill at the Second DistritSt; or if, by ainy Means, the Water in the said Second DiArift shall run, so to Thame? !r°JferEni0l. Dike 'aforesaid/; that then the said Mill or Engine, at or near the lower1 End of Thome? Dike afore- network for said*, shall not work for the Benefit of throwing the Water out of the same, until such Bank shall the Benefit of be raised, and the Water of the said Second Distri&shall be distrained, stopped* and prevented fronts the Difria. ttfnning into Thorne? Dike aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the Contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during such Time as Ac The buktof said Devisees of the said John late Duke of Bedford, or the Duke of Bedford, his Heirs or AifigP? for Bedford to Jure the Time being, shall make, credt, uphold, maintain, repair, and support, the said Delph or Slype the Property of jfcnvr. Sluices, T'unnel, Mill, or Engine, and Doors or Flood-gates, as afordshd, at Ms and their Expence, in Manner before mentioned," It shall and may be lawful for the said Devisees, and the supportrtftd k Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of so^h Survivor, during the wotkitbtreeft Minority of the Duke of Bedford for the Time being, and afterwards for the Dyke of Bedford, his

Hei rs and Assigns, t6 have the Use and Disposal of the said Navigation, from the River New, through the Dog and Doublet Sluice aforesaid, along the said Delph or Slype River to Thorne? aforesaid; together with all such Rights, Powerr, and Authorities, in and over Che said Sluices, Delph or Slype River, and the Sides thereof, and the Navigation in, through, and along the same, as have at any Time heretofore been had, used, exercised, and enjoyed, by the said John 'Duke of Bedford, deceased. or IVriotheJly, late Duke of Bedford, deceased, or by any of their Anoeftors; any Thing contained in the Aid recited Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: But in case the said Works# or any of them, shall at any Time o*

Times hereafter be out of Repair, and the Lands in the said Second District be endangered thereby, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to give Notice in Writing at the Manor-house in Thome? aforesaid, to the Steward of the said Devisees* or the Survivor of them, or to the Duke of Bedford, his Herrs or Assigns* that such Works,; or any of themy srre out of Repair, specifying in such Notice what Part of such Works are out of Repair J and that if the Repairs thereof are not set about within Six Days after such Notice, it shall be lawful for the Officer to the said Commissioners for the said Second District, by an Order in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to lock up the Sluices in the said

Second District, until such Works shall be repaired: And, in no other Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons acting under them, to intermeddle, or use any Authority in or over the said Navigation, or any of the Works to be made upon the same, or in

Thorney Dike, or either of them.

XXIX. And, for preventing the damming up, flopping, throwing down*s demoli(hing, destroying, w

or damaging the said Delph or Slype River, or the Sides thereof, and the said Tunnel, Sluices, point- NaviMtionhow ing Doors, or Flood Gates, herein-before directed to be made, kept, and preserved, for the Benefit of to be p»e*cnted the said Navigation, and the draining Thorney Dike as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted by the Authority from Damage, aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter, wilfully or maliciously dam up, cut, break down, demolish, damage, or destroy any ~orf the Works in the said 'Delph or Slype River, or the Sides thereof, or the said Tunnel, Sluices, pointing Doors, Flood Gates, or other Works, made, or hereafter to be made, for the Benefit of the said Navigation-, and draining Thorney Dike aforesaid; every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Isle of Ely aforesaid, not interested in the Premises, who are hereby required to hear and determine the same on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or Confession of the Party or Parties so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the said Devisees, their Executors and Administrators, during the Minority of the Duke of Bedford, and afterwards to the Duke of Bedford* his Heirs and Assigns *» and in Default of such Payment, the same shall be levied by Di ft refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of all and every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals# -of the said Justice or J all ices before whom such Conviction shall be made; and in Default of such Payment* or Distress, the Person or Persons so offending shall be sent by the Aid Justice or Ju it ices to the House of Correction of the Isle of Ely. aforesaid, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Tide as such Justice or Justices shall order and direct, not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Three Calendar Months*

% 16

t^onviction of Otfonden to be drawn up in the following

Form.

/Lla^iutfoa of aAi$ai.

/Centra} Iflbe.

Double Cofl«.

This Act not to airer the former Act.

Hijthts of Cor* ^oration of Bedford Level refer ved.

[Publick Act.]

C. 40; 41. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

XXX. And. for the more easy and speedy ConvivTion ftf Offenders against this Act, and the said former Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, or the said former Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the foilowin® Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case (fyall happen, (videlicet:)

E it remembered, Thai on the Day of in the Tear cf

our Lord A. B- is convicted before me C.D. One of His Ala-

jesty'i fuflices of the Peaeefor the Isle of Ely, (either on his own Confejpon, or on the Oath of Qpe or more credible Witness or fVitneff-s, (as the Case shall be), by virtue of an /lot, made in the Thirteenth’ Tear rf the Reign of His Majesty King George the Thirds for amending and rendering mo^e effectual an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Alaje/ly King George the Second, intituled, w An Act for discharging the Corporaciom of the Governor, Dailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford\ Level, from a M Debt due to the Duke of Bedford^ and Earl of Lincoln \ and for enabling the, Proprietors of " Lands-in the North Levr/, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Levels in the Debts of the said Corporation; and for afqerUining, and ap*»

propriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level; and for the more effectual draining and preferring the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Cs'owland; fa 4C far as the same relates to the everal Fen Lands lying in the Second Diflrifl in the said defer ibed T4pedfying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case* Uiall be], Hiven under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Tear above written*

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted ,against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this Act, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, every such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall belaid or brought in the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, or Northampton, Of the Isle of Ely, or One of them, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants mi. such Action or Suit shall and may plead th-e General Issue, Not Guilty; and if in Replevin, may justify and avow, by virtue of this Act, as Persons afling under and by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are in titled to do, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, other than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Jurisdiction, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaint iff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, of difeon-tinue his, her, or their Suit or Suits; or if any Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or other wise; then, or in any of the said cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Double Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as where Coffs by-Law are awarded*

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter, or take away any of the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, given by the said former Act to the Commissioners acting by vi tuc and in pursuance thereof j but that every Clause, Power, and Authority, therein contained, shall remain, and be in the same Force and EflFedI, as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding; But that all the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities given by the said former Act, so far as the same relate to the said Second District or Division, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to this Act, as fully and cff’edtually as if the fa ne were repeated and rc-enacted in this present Act; save only and except such Part or Parts thereof as are altered and taken away by virtue of this Act.

XXX. 1)1. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Rights, Powers, Jurisdictions, and Authorities, shall be saved and reserved unto the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and their Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, and Adminiffiutors, now veiled in and enjoyed by them.

XXXIV. And be itfurth r enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed, in all Courts wirhin this Kingdom, and upon all Occasions whatsoever, to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially tak n Notice of as such by all Courts, Judges, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLT.

An Act for enabling fames Cox, Jeweller, to dispose of his Museum, commonly, called Cox's ATu~ feum, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be mod for the Benefit of himself and his

Creditors.

CAP.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 42, 43. 717

Cap. XLII.

An Act for amending) lighting, and watching, the Highways or Roads within the Town, Village, or

Chapelry, of Petersham, in the County of Surrey*

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn.

WHEREAS the several Acts of Parliament heretofore made concerning the Duties and p^le. Bounties respectively payable on the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain have have greatly tended to the Advancement of Tillage and Navigation; yet nevertheless, it having been of late Years found necessary, on account of the small (Quantities of Corn and Grain in Hand, and of the Shortness of the Crops, to suspend the Operation of those Laws by Temporary Statutes, whereby the Benefits derived from the said Acts of Parliament have been, during such Emergencies, withheld and suspended: And whereas the regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain by a permanent Law, under such general Rules and Provisions as might render, for the Time to come, such temporary Laws unnecessary, would afford Encouragement to the Farmer, be the Means of increasing the Growth of that necessary Commodity, and of afford ing a cheaper and more constant Supply to the Poor, and preventing Abuse in that Article of Trade may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, whenever the Price of middling British Wheat, at the Ports and Places where Wheat shall be imported into this Kingdom,

shall appear according to the Methods directed by the several Acts of Parliament for ascertaining the Rates and Prices of Corn and Grain imported, or as herein after directed by this Act to be at or above Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, or whenever the Price of middling British Rye, Pease, or Beans, shall in like Manner appear respectively to be at or above Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter, or whenever the Price of middling British) Barley, Beer, or Bigg, shall in like Manner appear respectively to be at or above Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, or whenever the Price of middling British Oats shall in like Manner appear to be at or above Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, all Customs and Duties now payable Respectively, upon Wheat, Wheat-flour. Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer,

Bigg, and Oats, imported into this Kingdom, shall respectively cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable during the respective Continuance of such respective Prices as aforesaid, and in lieu of the former Duties, a Duty of only Sixpence per Quarter shall be laid upon all Wheat; and a Duty of Two pence for every Hundred Weight of Wheat-flour; and a Duty of Three-pence per Quarter shall be laid respectively upon all Rye, Pease, and Beans; and a Duty of Two-pence per Quarter shall be laid respectively upon all Barley, Beer, and Bigg; and a Duty of Two-pence per Quarter shall he laid upon all Oats imported into such Ports and Places, during the Continuance of the Prices aforesaid; such Duties to be levied, collected, paid, and applied, in the same Manner as such former Duties were before the making of this Act: And such Wheat, Wheat-flour, Rye, Pease,

Beans, Barley. Beer, Bigg, or Oats, may be carried Coastwise, and entered or landed in any other Ports of this Kingdom at which the Prices of middling British Corn, Grain, or Flour, are at or above the respective Rates aforesaid, and ascertained in Manner aforesaid, and in no other, under such Regulations as Wheat, Wheat-flour, Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, of the Growth of this Kingdom, are now allowed to be carried Coastwise.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Wheat, or Tn«fcWheat, Wheat-flour. Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, shall be imported into the Ports of ^rheat’flour» Bristol, Berwick, Beaumaris, Dover, Exeter, Falmouth, Harwich, Hull, London, Lynn Regis, Lancaster, tke

Liverpool*, Milford, Newca/l/e, Newhaven, Poole, Southampton, Stockton, Whitehaven, Yarmouth, Ayr, Dutie/n.K re-Leith, Port Glasgow, Aberdeen, Kirkwall, or any or either of them, at any Time when the Duties pealed stall be not repealed by this Act shall be due and payable for such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour re- due, the iame spectively, the same, upon due Entry thereof, may be forthwith landed from on Board the Ship or may b* landed Vessel in which such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall be so imported, in the Presence of the ^nt°of Dutieti proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, without Payment of the said Duties: Provided that an exact

Account be taken of the Quantity thereof, and entered in a Book to be kept by the proper Officer in the Custom-house of the said Ports respectively; and that such Corn, Grain, or Four, shall, and warehoused upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured under the Joint Locks of the King and the Im- t£e,at

porter or Proprietor of such Corn, Grain, or Flour, in such Warehouses as shall be for that Purpose K,ng and the provid d, at the fide Expence of the Importer or Proprietor of such Corn, Grain or Flour, with the imporur. Approbation, and under the Care and Inspection, of the Commissioners of the Customs, or any Three r more of them, or the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs for the Port where such Com, Grain, nr Flour, shall be imported, with Liberty for the Proprietor or his Servants to fereen, turn, and take such other Care of the same, as Necessity shall require, in the Presence of some Officer or Officers of the Customs, to be appointed for that Purpose by such Commissioners of the Customs, or the Collector and Comptroller of the Port; and such Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall, nQl be delivered or taken

718

Conditions of Delivery of such Com, Grain, or flour.

Corn transport-cd from Ireland may be carried back.

Penalty on relanding Corn, Crain, or Flour, so delivered.

Corn of the Species mentioned not to be trans-pottedyvia. Bii-t*(h Wheat, when at 44 s. ptt Quarter,

British Rye, Pease, or Beans* When at lS s. per Quarter }

British Barney, Bter, or Bigg, when at ax t. per Quarter;

CX 43.. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

out of any such W^noufCj but upon the following Conditions; that is to fair. If such Corn, Grain, or r lour. 0; any Part thereof, shall be delivered, in order to be used or conhimed in this Kingdom, the i^erfoivor Persons so taking out the same shall first pay down, in ready Money, such Duties as shall at the Time of taking out such Corn, Grain, or Flour, be due and payable for the hke Sort* of Corn* Grain, or Flour, imported into the same Pbrr; and such Com, Gram, or Flour, shall be measured out from the said Warehouses, and shall pay the Duties by the stricken Bushel, and not by the ireapecr ?nc* in all other Respect&be liable to the same Restrictions and Regulations as it

would have been liable to !]}e fame hid not been warehoused in pursuance of this Act; and if such Corn, Grain, or Flour, so warehduftu afoitfifirf, shall be delivered'or taken out for Exportation to foreign Part*, the Owner or Exporter thereof, tos"!her ^ne ocher sufficient Person, to be approved 6f by the Collectbf and Comptroller of the Custoni* at the Port of Exportation/, shall enter into Bbhd to1 His Majesty, His Heir* and Sacceftors, in Treble the Amount of the fall Duties which Would be then due and5 payable" for such Corn, Grain, or Flour, :f tiu fusne was confuted in this Kingdom, with Condition that no Part of such Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall be relandeu iiv Great Britain Ireland, the islands of Guernsey, Jetfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the ](lands of Fart or Ferro, which Bonds shall be discharged without Fee or Reward1, Upon Certificate returned under the Common Seal of the Chief Magiftr^te for', dr under the Hands and Seals of Two known Brb tish Merchants residing at the Plate where such Corn, Grain, or Flour, was landed*, or upon Proof by credible Persons, that such Corrt, Grain, dr Flbur, was taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas, the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment cSf the respective Commissioners Of the Customs where such Bond was giveni or any Three or more of them; and if the said Bond shall not be prosecuted within Three Years, the same shall be void.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the prohibiting such Corn, Grain, or Flour, as hath been, under the PeTmiffioo herein allowed;, transported from Ireland into this Kingdom, and here warehoused, from being again carried back to Ireland, subject to the like Securities and Restrictions in all other Respects as is required upon the £*r portation of any other foreign Corn, Grain, or Flour.

IV. And the better to prevent the relamdirtg of such Corn, Grain, or Flour, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Com, Grain, or Flour, so delivered as aforesaid for Exportation, shall be exported directly front the Port where the same was so delivered, and shall not be removed or carried, by Land or Water, to any other Port or Place in this Kingdom; and if the same shall be so removed 6r carried, or relanded, or unshipped to be relanded in this Kingdom, over and besides the Forfeiture of the Bond Herdin-bfcfore mentioned, all such Corn, Gtaur, or Flour, together with the Boats, Lighters, dr any ofhef Vessels, Horses, Carts, or other Cattle or Carriages, which shall be employed or made use of in the Removal, Carriage, or Conveyance, of such Cora, Grain, or Flour, as also the Ship or Vessel from which the same shall be unloaded, together with her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be also forfeited, and shall and may be feiaed by any Officer ot Officers or the Customs; and all and every Person and Persons who shall be assisting or otherwise concerned in such removing or carrying, or the unshipping or relanding of such Corn, Grain, or FloUr, of to whole Hands the same shall knowingty come after the unshipping thereof, shall also forfeit Treble the Value of such Corn* Grain, or Flour 5 which said Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, in such Manner and Form, and by such Rules and Regulations, as Penalties and Forfeitures inflidk'd for unshipping prohibited or unendowed Goods in this Kingdom, may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, by any Law now in Force.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever the Price of middling British Wheat, at any Port or Place withm the Kingdom of Great Britain from whence the same shall be intended to be exported, shall appear to be at or above the Price of Forty-four Shillings per Quarter, such Price being afeerthined in Manner aforesaid, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, directly or indirectly, export, transpoTt, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, Out of or from any such Port or Place, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any Ship or other Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported or tarried out of any such Port or Place, any Wheat, Wheat-meal, or Flour, or Malt, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, made of Wheat: And whenever the Price of middling British Rye* Pease or Beans, at such Port or Place, shall appear respectively to be at or above the Price of Twenty-eight Shillings per Quarter, such Price being ascertained in Manner aforesaid, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, dircdHy or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any such Port or Place, or load or lay on board, or cause or ptacufe to be laden of laid on board, in any Ship or other Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any such Port or Place, any Rye, Pease, or Beans respectively, ground or ungfotihd, or any Bread or Biscuit made of Rye, Pease, or Beans respectively: And whenever the Price of middling British Barley, Beer, or Bigg, at such Port or Place, shall appear respectively to be at or above the Price of Twenty two Shillings per Quarter such Price being ascertained in Manner aforesaid, no Person Or Persons whatsoever shall, directly or indirectly export* transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any such Port or Place, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any Ship ot other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any

A.D. 177s*: Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 43. 7*9

such Port or Place, any Barley, Beer, or Bigg, or Malt, Bread or Bifcuic made of Barley, Beer, or Bigg respectively And *Whenever the Price of middling British Oats shall appear to be at or above Br'tiA 0at$* the Price of fourteen iSliilftn'gs ^r Quarter, such Price being afeertarned m Manner aforesaid, no ,cSuwtcrV ' Person or Persons whatever ‘shall, tfire&ty, or mdfredly, export, transport, ‘carry, or convey, or pfl r cr cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any such Port or Place, Or load or lay on 'board, or cause or procure xb be laden or laid on board, in arty Ship or other Vefld, or Boat, in order to be exported or cafned oui of any such Port or Place, any Oats or Oatmeal, or Malt, Bread or Biscuit 'made of Oats under the Penalties and Forfeitures herein after mentioned; under Penalty of that is to say. That all and every the said Commodities that shall be so exported, or so laden or laid forfeiting the on board in any Ship or other Vessel, or Boat, in or)cr to be exported or carried out contrary to this said Commodi* A £1,-shall he forfeited; and that every Offender or Offenders therein fharll forfeit the Sum of Twenty tits^n.d *°8* per Shillings for every Bushel of Wheat, Wheat-meal, jbr Flour, Rye, Pease, or Beans, Barley, Beer, or Gram aforesaid Bigg, Oats, or Oatmeal, or Malt, made of any of the Grains aforesaid, ground or unground, and 1

Twelve-pence <for every round Weight of Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, as aforesaid, which shall be so exported, or so laden or laid on board in any Ship or other Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported or carried out; and also the Ship, Vessd, or Boat, in which any of the said Articles dterein-before specifieei with the Ship, shall be exported, or upon which any of the said Articles shall be laden or laid, in Order to be ex- ®r Boat» ported, and all hcrGur.s, Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be1" tllcy seized by any Officer or Officers of the Castoms; and One Moiety of all the said Penalties and For- e a n* feitures shall be to the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, *nd the other Moiety to him or them who will sue for the same: And for Offences which shall be committed in that Par* of Penalty how re-Great Britain called England, such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered by Action of Debt, coreraMe,

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or before the Judges of Assize, or at the Great Sessions in Wales; or where the Value of such Penalties or Forfeiture shall not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, the same may be recovered by Information, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for the County, City. Riding, Division, or Place, where the Offence was committed; and in such Suit no Ftfoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed: And ForOffeitces which shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the same may be recovered by Action, or summary Bill or Information, in the Courts of Session or Exchequer in Scotland; or where the Value of such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, the same tnsiy he recovered by summary Bill or Information. at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, by Action in the Sheriffs or Stewards-Court of the County, or Stewartry where the Offence shall be committed: And that the Matter and Mariners of any such Ship, Vessd, or Boat, wherein any such Offence shall be committed, knowing such Offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting thereunto, and being thereof duly convicted in any such Courts respectively, as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for the Space of Three Months, without Bail or Mainprize.

VI. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit Not to rxtedd the Exportation or carrying out of such or so much 6? the said Articles herein-before enumerated as the Suftenant* shall be necessary to be carried in any Ship or Ships, or other Vessel or Vessels, in their respective of Shiptof Voyages out and Home, for the Sustenance, Diet, and Support of the Commanders, Matters, Ma- War, ,xc. 1 riners, Passengers, or others, in the same Ships or Vessels only, and taking their Passage in such Ships or Vessels, or for the victualling or providing any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or other Ships or Vessels in His Majesty's Service, or for His Majesty's Forces, Forts, or Garrisons j any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit any to Vessel# Person or Persons to ship or put on board any of the Articles aforesaid, to be carried Coastwise; that is to say. From any Port, Creek, Member, or Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, to any other rame wUc* Port, Creek, Member, or Part of the same respectively, "having such or the like Coast Cocauet, or Sufferance for that Purpose, or such or the like sufficient Security being first given for the landing and discharging the same in some other Port, Member, Creek, or Part of the said Kingdom, and returning a Certificate in Six Months, as is required by Law in Cases where Goods which are liable to pay Duties on Exportation are carried Coastwise from one Port of Great Britain to another.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing herein before contained shall extend to prohibit the several Ar- Ar*kl«i whkji tides herein after expressed being exported out of and from the respective Ports in this Kingdom herein after mentioned, and from ho other, to the several Places as herein after mentioned, for the Sonei/ Sustenance and XJfe of the Inhabitants thereof, so as the same do not exceed the several Quantities respectively limited to those Places within Twelve Calendar Months $ (that is to say)*

4Z2

From

720 C. 43.

From the Port of

London.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

") C Any Quantity of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye,

To Gibraltar. < Barley, or Malt, not exceeding Two thousand hve

( hundred Quarters in the Whole.

Any Quantity of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye,

►To MinorC04

To St, Helena

f Any Quantity of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, < Barley, or Malt, not exceeding Three thousand I five hundred Quarters in the Whole.

f Any Quantity of Wheat, MeaL Flour, Rye, 1 Barley, or Malt, not exceeding Five hundred Quarters in the Whole.

From the Southampton

Port

To the Islands Of Guernsey and Jersey.

Any Quantity of or Malt,

_ Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye,

Barley, or Malt, not exceeding Five thousand Quarters in the Whole to both Places.

From the Ports of 1 Whitehaven and Liver- To the Isle of Man. poole9

f Any Quantity of Wheat, Earley, Oats, Meal, j or Flour, not excedingTwo thousand five hundred I Quarters in the Whole: One Moiety thereof to be j exported from the said Port of Whitehaven, and the other Moiety thereof to be exported from the said ^Port of Liverpoole.

ward.

Penalty on making a false Certificate.

Security to be So as the Exporters, before the shipping thereof, do declare the Ifl ind or Place for which the said taken from the Articles are respectively designed, and do become bound to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with Exporter? with- One other sufficient Security, (to be approved by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the out Fee or Re- port of Exportation), in Treble the Value thereof, with Condition that the said Articles so permitted to be exported shall be landed at the respective Island or Place for which the same shall be so declared and entered for the Use and Sustenance of the Inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or sold in any other Parts whatsoever, the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted; and that a Certificate, under the H^nd and Seal of the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, or if no such, of the Naval Officer, or some other principal Officer of the Place where the same shall be landed, shall, within Twelve Calendar Months from the Date of the Bond given for landing such Commodities in Gibraltar or Minorca, and within Eighteen Calendar Months from the Date of the Bond given for landing such Commodities in Saint Helena, and within Six Calendar Months from the Date of the Bond given for landing such Commodities in the Islands of Guernsey, ftrfey, or Man% (the Danger of the Seas excepted), be returned to the Officers who took the said Bonds, that the said Commodities have been landed at the Place for which the same shall have been so declared and entered; and for the taking such Security, and giving such Certificate, which the respective Officers are hereby required on Demand to give, no tee or Reward shall be demanded or received: And if any Officer shall make any false Certificate of any such Commodities being so landed, such Officer shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and lose his Employment, and be incapable of serving His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in any Office relating to the Customs: And if any Person shall counterfeit, crafe, or faliify any Certificate, directed or required by this Act, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit, erased, or false Certificate, he shall forfeit the Sum of Two Hurtdred rounds; and such Certificate shall be void and of no Effect: Which said Penalties, for Offences committed in Great Britain, shall be recovered in the same Courts, and in the same^ Manner, as the other Penalties inflicted by this Act are recoverable; and for Offences committed in any other the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain in Europe, shall be recovered in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any other chief Court of Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction, in such respective Dominions, and shall be divided into equal Moieties between His Majesty and the Informer; and the said Bond or Bonds, if not prosecuted within Three Years, shall be void.

IX. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the Exportation of Beans to the British Forts, Castles, or Factories, in Africa, or for the Use of the Ships trading upon that Coast that have been usually supplied with the same from Great Britain, or to prohibit the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa from exporting annually any Quantity of Wheat-flour, not exceeding Two hundred Quarters, or any Quantity of Bread or biscuit, not exceeding Fifteen Tons* in the whole of such Bread or Bifcuir, or of such Bread and Biscuit together, to the British Forts, Castles, or Factories, in Africa, for the Support of the Persons residing the re, so as the Exporter of such Articles aforesaid to such Forts, Castles, or Factories aforesaid, doth, before the Shipping thereof, enter into such or the like Bond or Bonds as are herein before directed to be entered into by the Exporters from the Port of London to the Island of Saint Helena, of the particular Species and Quantity of Corn, Grain, or Floulr, allowed by this Act to be exported to that Island.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit Corn, Grain, or Flour, from being exported from Great Britain to the Kingdom of Ireland, during such Time, and so long as any General Prohibition of, or Embargo on, (he Exportation of Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall be in Force in that Kingdom, but that it shall and may be lawful* during the Time that such Prohibition or Embargo shall be in Force in that Kingdom,

to

Beahs may be exported to Africa.

Not to prohibit Grain from being exported to Ireland.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 43; 72?

to export Com, Grain, or Flour, from Great Britain to Ireland, so as the Exporters of all such Corn*

Grain, or Flour, from Great Britain do, before the shipping thereof, declare, that all fuel) Corn,

Grain, or Flour, is intended to be imported into Ireland, and also do become bound to His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors. in the like Bond or Bonds as are by this Act directed to be entered into by the Exporters of Cprn, Grain, or Flour, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey> or Many under Condition of returning,/ in the like Time, Certificates under the Hands and Seals of the Col- r

lector. Comptroller, and Surveyor of the Customs, or of any Two of them, in such Port or Ports

Where such Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall be landed, of such Corn, Grain, or Flour, being landed in Ireland, as are hereby directed to be returned with respect to the landing of Corn, Grain, or Flour, in the IAands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man \ and that all Persons who shall, within the Kingdom of Ireland, counterfeit, erase, or falsify, any Certificate directed or required by this Act, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit, erased, or false Certificate, shall be liable to all the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Persons committing the like Offences are liable to in Great Britain; which f?id Penalties for Offences fp committed in Ireland shall be recovered in His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, and shall be divided between His Majesty and the Informer, in like Mariner as is herein before dirtded, so as the said bonds be prosecuted within the like Time as is herein-before directed for the Prosecution of Bonds of the like Nature.

XI. And it is heresy further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day After January of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the several Bounties which are now al- l> f774» the lowed by Law upon the Exportation of any Sort of Corn or Grain, ground or unground, shall Groin " °to decease and determine, and instead and in lieu thereof, when the Prices of the Corn or Grain herein- ^neand after mentioned, (the fame being ascertained according to the Methods directed by the several Acts Ce*fe, and the of Parliament for ascertaining the Rates and Prices of Corn and Grain imported, or as herein after Bounties mentis directed by this Ad), shall appear to be under the Rates herein after respectively mentioned, at the tsdu Places Ports or Places in this Kingdom from whence the same shall be exported, there shall be allowed upon the Exportation of such Corn or Grain, either ground or unground, being the Growth and Product of this Kingdom,-and put on Board in British Shipping, the Matter and at least Two-thirds of the Mariners of such Snip being his Majesty's Subjects, the following Bounties; that is to say. When the Price of midoling British Wheat shall be under Forty-four Shillings per Quarter, there shall be allowed a Bounty of Five Shillings for every Quarter of Wheat, and Five Shillings for every Quarter of Malt made of Wheat; when the Price of middling British Rye shall be under Twenty-eight Shillings per Quarter, there shall be allowed a Bounty of Three Shillings for every Quarter of Rye; when t,be Price of middling British Barley, Beer, or Bigg, shall be under Twenty-two Shillings per Quarter, there shall be allowed a Bounty of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Quarter of Barley, Beer, or Bigg, and Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Quarter of Malt made of Barley, Beer, or Bigg; and when the Price of middling British Oats shall be under Fourteen Shillings per Quarter, there shall be allowed a Bounty of Two Shillings for every Quarter of Oats, and Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Quarter of Oatmeal, computed at :t.ie Rate of Two hundred and seventy-six Pounds Averdupois to the Quarter; which said respective Bounties shall be paid and allowed in all other Respe<Ss not altered by this Act, by the same Rules and Regulations, and subject to the same Securities,

Restrictions, Penalties, a»j Forfeitures, as the former Bounties on Corn or Grain exported were pa d and allowed, and were subject and liable to, in as full and ample Manner as if the several Clauses relating thereto were again repeated and enacted in this present Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it fui\htr erui&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall Not to ,rotffc;r have entered outwards any of the Articles herein-before mentioned, and shall have begun to-ship or lay person who the same on Board, during the Time that the Prices of middling British Corn in this Kingdom shall be flull h»ve en. under the Rates herein-before respectively specified, such Person shall not be prohibited from exporting tered the above the said Articles actually so shipped or laden on Board, or so much of the said Articles expressed in plc* w^nii such Entry as shall be so shipped or laden on Board, within Twenty Days from the Entry thereof, at the Custom-house for Exportation, nor from receiving the Bounty by this Act granted thereon; any Rate, mention-Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary notwithstanding, although the Prices of Corn in this King- ed, fromexpoic-dom may have arisen above the Rates herein-before respectively Specified, after such Articles shall ioj; the same, have been shipped, and before the Exportation thereof.

XIII. Provided always^ and it is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Aoy Corn for Cases where any Corn, Grain, or Flour, for which the Duties hereby granted have been paid, shall which Duty has at any Time or Times be again exported by any Merchant or Merchants within Six Calendar Months been paid, if from the Importation thereof, the Duty by this Act granted, and which shall have been actually paid *saui exportT for such Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall, without any Delay or Reward, be drawn back, and repaid J^h^he unto such Merchant or Merchants who shall export the same to any Place where a Drawback is allow- DutjNbhe cd on the Exportation of any foreign Goods from this Kingdom by any Act or Acts of Parliament now drawn back, aa4 in Force, and to no other: And such Drawback shall, in all other Respects, be paid and allowed, under itpid. the like Restrictions, Rules, and Regulations, and shall be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures* as the Drawback upon foreign Goods exported is subject and liable to.

XIV. And whereas the Modes dke&edby the several Acts of Parliament ascertaining the Rates and Prices of Corn and Grain in England, for regulating the Duties payable for Corn and Grain imported into Enelnd cannot eafiiy, and with Certainty, be carried into Execution in Scotland: And of Act

whereas by the Ninth Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, holden by Her late Majesty Queen oftbeScot* Anne, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and three, intituled, An Act discharging Importation of Pxrlwment, Irish Vittual) Beefy and Cattle, the Importation of Victual from It dandy or any other Places beyond l7°U

J22 C. 43. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

the Seas into Scotland, was regained and prohibited, Ortder several Panaltfes (?On*cwncd in the said Act, and in other Acts of the Parliament of Scotland thereto -referred to; hat With this Prvif<s That-when, by reason Of DeaTCb, ftr <Price>of Victual Should exceed the Ratefc fpfctifted in the said Act,’ the Lords of Her Majesty's Privy Ooumcil of Scotland should h*ve Power, after 4(ft Trial by them taken of the Prices of Viftou^ m suspend arfd khftbarge the Ettmstfon of the said'prohibitory Acts Aflvr Treity for such Space of Time as the Exigence of the Dearth should require: And where to, by the &xth of Union} Article of the Treaty of Union it is provided, trhat the Prohibition, as then in Perce determined by the Law of Scotland against the ImpoKis*lon of Visual ‘from Ireland, or arty othtt* Platt beyond the Seas, into Scotland^ {houU, after the Union, remain to fame Forte as it then Was, miciI more proper and effectual Ways should he provided by the Parliament of Great Britain for discouFagtog the 4 m- 4 portation of the said Visual from beyond The Sea: And Whereas by tm Act flatted in hef'our-tn4 AO 14 4 teenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty George the Second, intituled, An Act for Fuenfing the

Geo. II. < Importation of Victual from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Se&ty into Stc*flan<L in Time dJoartfc

and Scarcity^ the Pouw of fotpeadtog afhd dirttoargYng ttie Execution of the said ‘prohibwory Laws, 1 4 which was before hefted in the Lords of tbd ?uty Council, by the said Act of Her late Majesty* 4 Queen Anne, parted iru the Year OneThoofaod feve?if hundred and three, to the P&rlramerit of B&W*

land, was thereby vested in the Judges of the Court of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland \ and k is declared, that any Nine of them, in Time of Session, and any ’Five of them, in Time of Vacancy upon the Petition of any Person or Persons desirous to import Victual* from Ireland, ox other Parts beyond the Seas, into Scotland, are authorised Jand required !to examine, inquire into, and deternune the common Market Prices of middling Com and Grain; as the same shall and may be commonly bought in County and City of Edinburgh, and to fix and afeemm the same by a proper Act or Determination^ to be published and made known in the Manner therein directed; and if the said Act and Determination shall ascertain the current Ptiees Of Victual in the City and County of Edinburgh to exceed the Rates and Prices specrfted In the said Act, it is tie- dared to be a sufficient Warrant to the Collector and other Officers of the several Forts in Scotland to allow Victual from Irekmdy or other Parts beyond the Seas, to be entered, unshipped, and ifcnd- ed, upon Payment of the Duties charged and directed to be paid upon Foreign Corn imported in and by an Act passed in the Twenty-fecood Year of His late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of Tillage and the Breed of Cattle; which Duties are to be collected and paid: according to the Rates and Prices to be ascertained and determined by the said Judges, in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second; and the Judges are like wife atithoriled and required to determine and ascertain the Prices of Victual, when they 00 not exceed the Rates and Prices specified in the said Act, so that the aforesaid prohibitory Laws may thereupon be revived, to prevent further Importation of Victual from IreUmdy or other Parts beyond the Seas: And whereas the Mode of ascertaining the Prices by the said Act for permitting the Importation of Victual from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, has been found to be attended with great Inconvenience, and is inconfittent with the Principle of this Act, in making the Prices of Corn and Grain at the Ports and Places of Importation and Exportation to regulate the Prohibitions, Bounties, and Duties, at such respective Ports and Places: For Remedy hereof, and for rendering this Act more easy to be executed in that Part of Great Britain called Mode of ifcer- Sc tlandy be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Commencement of this V Act, the Mode of ascertaining the Prices of Victual prescribed by the aforesaid Act passed in the Four-

M-mcoik>ncd tccnt^ Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Powers vetted in the Judges of the Aa*ocr»fe) Courts of Session, Justiciary, and Exchequer, for that Purpose, shall cease and determine; and that thereafter the Sheriff or Steward-deputes of the several Shires and Stewartries in Scotland, within which there are Ports and Places for the Importation and Exportation of Goods and [Merchandise, or their Substitutes, shall, and they are hereby airthorised and required. Four Times in every Year 5 that is to fiiy. Upon the First Day of Nov mbtry First Day of February, First Day of May, and First Day of August, or as soon after these Days as may be, to summonand convene before them Two or more honest and substantial Persons of their respective Counties or Stewartries, not being Com Merchants nor Fafters for Corn, nor any Way interested or concerned in any Corn to be imported, and being skilful in the Prices of Corn; and upon the Oaths of such Two or more Persons, which am)M*bet Oaths the said Sheriff or Steward-deputes, or their Substitutes respectively, are hereby impowered Pricw of Com, to administer, ’and by such orher Ways and Means as ro them shall seem proper and necessary, to ex-&c# 40^cy’ amine, inquire into, and determine the common Market Prices of middling British Corn and Gram, Iv Sheriffs and an<^ Oatmeal, as the same (h iII and may be commonly bought in Their respective Counties or btew-Steward-de- artries, and to fix and ascertain the same, by proper Acts or Determinations to be subscribed by them ftttcs} respectively; and thereafter, without Delay, to transmit their respective Acts or Determinations to

who are to Collector or Chief Officer of every Port within their respective Counties or Stewarties and the

transmit Coplea Collector or chief Officer of the several Ports, to whom such Acts or Determinations shall be trans-f their Dc-rer- mitted are hereby ordered and required to hang up the same in some publick Place in the Cutto n-minati n* to the house of the respective Ports, to which all Persons may resort for their Information, there to remain Collector at the until a succeeding Act ..nd Determination shall be t ran fm it ted to be hungup in its Place, and to "ort,# transmit a Copy thereof to the Commissioners of the Customs at Edinburgh, and the Prices so ascertained shall regulate the Prohibitions in this Act, and the Duties and Bounties upon the Importation and Exportation of all Corn and Grain imported into or exported from the several Counties of Scotland,

A.D. 177$: Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 44. 723

whoe the Prices; are albertained i» Manner before directed; and every Act and Determination 2»U remain m Force for that Purpose, until a. fmbfoqeenc Act or Determination shall be transmitted o Cu p ply its Place; and the Sheriffs or Stewards, who (halt fix and ascertain the Prices of middling ir/^ Cora and Oatmeal in Manner before? directed, are hereby ordered and required to cause preserve, as Matter of Record of their respecthoe Counts, the Evidence upon which their Acts or Determinations of the Prices are founded; and the Clerks of their respective Courts are hereby ordered and required to give Extracts of the Evidence to ail Persons calling for the same, upon receiving Pay*

rent of the usual Feet exigible for Extracts of judicial Proceedings.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Commencement When the Price

of this Act, all Oatmeal imported from Ireland, or from any other Part beyond the Seas, into any d£* not exceed Port or Place in Scotland, where the Price of Oatmeal, ascertained in the Manner before directed, doe$ *6* ®o11*

not exceed Sixteen Shillings per Boll, weighing Eight Stone Troys, as also the Ship or Vert'd in ir^d^c!"1 which such Oatmeal shall be imported, together with her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be with the Vessel, forfeited, amd ill all and may be fofoed by any Officer or Officers of the Ctoftom* j and all and every to be forfeited. Person and Persons who shall be aiding and ai&sting in the un shipping of such Oatmeal, or to whose

Hands the some shall knowingly come, after the* tun Slipping thereof, shall forfeit Treble the Value of of fucA Oatmeal; and which said Forfeitures and Penalties shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, and divided in such Manner and Form, and by such Rule* and Regulations, as Penalties and Forfeitures infilled' for unshipping prohibited and unaccustomed Goods in this Kingdom may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, by any Law now in Force.

XVI. Provided always, Thao from a ad after the Commencement of this Act, it shall be lawful to WhenOatmeal

import Oatmeal fro an Ireland, or from any other Part beyond the Seas^ into any Port or Place in do« exceed 16 s. Scotland, where the Price oi Oaconeal ascertained in Manner directed by this Act does exceed the Price ,tm*J bc im~ of Sixteen Shillings per Boll, weighing Eight Stone Ttoys. ported.

CAP. XUV.

An Act to allow a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Exportation of Tea tp

any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America \ to increase the Deposit on Bohea Tea to be sold at the India Company's Sales *, and to impower the Commissioners of the Treasury to grant Licences to the East India Company to export Tea Duty-free.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, (intituled P/eamblev

An Act for granting a Drawback of Part of the Cujhms upm the Exportation of Tea to Ireland,

and the British Dominions in America; for altering the Drawback upon foreign Sugars, exported from Great Britain to Ireland; for continuing the B unty on the Exportation of British made Cordage; for allowing the Importation of Kicefrom the British Plantations into the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, and Whitehaven, for immediate Exportation to foreign Parts \ and to impowtr the Chief Magistrate of any Corporation to administer the Oath, and grant the Ceritifcate required by Law, upon the Removal of certain Goods to London, which have been sent into the Country. for Sale); it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That for and during the Spice of Five Years, to be computed from and after the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, there shall be drawn back and allowed for all Teas which shall be fold after the said Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, at the publick Sale of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or which, after that Time shall be imported, by Li*

cence, in pursuance of the said therein and herein after mentioned Act, made in the Eighteenth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and which shall be exported from this Kingdom, as Merchandise, to Ireland, or any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America,

Three-fifth Parts of the several Duties of Customs which were paid upon the Importaupn of such Teas j which Drawback or Allowance, with respect to such Teas as shall be exported to Ireland,

shall be made to the Exporter, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Securities,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawback or Allowance was then payable, out of the Duty of Customs upon the Exportion of foreign Goods to Ireland; and with respect to such Teas as shall be exported to the British Colonies and Plantar ions in America, the said Drawback or Allowance shall be made in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Draw- back or Allowance payable out of the Duty of Customs upon foreign Goods expoited to foreign Parts, was, could, or might be made, before the piling of the said Act of the Twelfth Year of His Alter May *0,

present Majesty's Reign, (except in such Cases as are otherwise therein provided for): And whereas s 4 it may tend to the Benefit and Advantage of the Trade of the said United Company of Merchants of i^SaJes* or

England, trading to the East Indies, if the Allowance of the Drawback of the Duties of Customs imported by Li- upon all Teas sold at the publick Sales of the said United Company, after the Tench Day of May, cence, and after*

One thousand seven hundred and fevemy-three, and which shall be etported from this Kingdom, walJ*cxhport,e?

as Merchandise, to any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, were to extend to the Americ" the Whole of the said Duties of Customs payable upon the Importation of such Teas ,* may it there* wh&lc Duties of fore pleafie Your Majesty that It may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Riot’s most Excellent Customs to be

Majesty, drawn back*

Act »* Geo II.

tecited,

724 C. 44. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be drawn back and allowed for all Teas, which, from and.After the Tenth Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, shall be sold at the publick Salea of the said United Company, or which shall be imported by Licence, in pursuance of the said Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and which shall, at any Time hereafter, be exported from this Kingdom, as Merchandise, to any of the British Colonies or Plantations in Ame-riea, the Whole of the Duties of Customs payable upon the importation of such Teas; which Drawback or Allowance shall be made to the Exporter in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Securities, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as the former Draw* back or Allowance granted by the said recited Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, upon Tea exported to the said British Colonies and Plantations in America was, might, or could be made, and was subject to by the said recited Act, or any other Act of Parliament now in Force, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses relative thereto were again repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

II. And whereas by One other Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for repealing the present Inland Duty of Four Shillinge per Pound Weight upon all'Tea fold in Great Britain; and for granting to His Majesty certain other inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of Excise;

and for pursuing Offenders out of one County into another), it is, amongst other Things, enacted,

That every Person who shall, at any publick Sale of Tea made by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be declared to be the best Bidder for any Lot or Lots of Tea, shall, within Three Days after being so declared the best Bidder or Bidders for the same, deposit with the said United Company, or such Clerk or Officer as the said Company shall

appoint to receive the same. Forty Shillings for every Tub and for every Chest of Tea; and in case any such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to make such Deposit within the Time before limited, he, she, or they, shall forfeit and lose Six Times the Value of such Depcfitdi- rested to be made as aforesaid, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information,

in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, of more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; One Moiety of which Forfeiture shall go to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person as shall sue or prosecute for the same 5 and the Sale of all Teas, for which such Deposit shall be neglected to be made as aforesaid, is thereby declared to be null and void, and such Teas shall be again put up by the said United Company to publick Sale, within Fourteen Days after the End of the Sale of Teas at which such Teas were (old; and all and every Buyer or Buyers, who shall have neglected ( 4 to make such Deposit as aforesaid, shall be, and is and are thereby rendered incapable of bidding for or buying any Teas at any future publick Sale of the said United Company: And whereas it is found to be expedient and necessary to increase the Deposit to be made by any Bidder or Bid der$ for any Lot or Lots of Bohea Teas, at the publick Sal s of Teas to be made by the said United Company ;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall, after the Tenth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, at any public Sale of Tea to be made by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be declared to be the best Bidder or Bidders for arty Lot or Lots of Bohea Tea, shall, within Three Days after

highrft B^drr at being so declared the best Bidder or Bidders for the same, deposit with the said United Company, ftYlfdeposit with or Clerk or Officer as the said United Company shall appoint to receive the same. Four Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for every Tub and for every Chest of Bohea Tea under the same Terms and Conditions, and subject to the same Forfeitures, Penalties, and Regulations, as are mentioned and contained in the said recited Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or for the High Treasurer for the Time being, upon Application made to them by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies for that Purpose, to grant a Licence or Licences to the said United Company, to take out of their Warehouses, without the same having been put up to Sale, and to export to any of the British Plantations in America, or to any Parts beyond the Seas, such Quantity or Quantities of Tea as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury* or *ny Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall think proper and expedient, without incurring any Penalty or Forfeiture for so doing; any Tiling in the said in-part recited Act, or any other Law, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas by an Act made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King HI Hi am the Third, (intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding Two Millions, upon a Fund* for Payment of Annuities, aster the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum; and for settling the Trade to the Eijl Indies). and by several other Acts of Parliament which are now in Force, the said United Com- p any of Merchants of England trading to the East I dies are obliged to give Security, under their ‘‘Common Seal, for Payment of the Duties of Cuifoms upon ail unrated Goods imported by them, so soon as the same shall be fold; an 1 for exposing such Goods to Sale, openly and fairly, by Way of Auction, or by Inch of Candle, within the Space of Three Years from the Importation thereof:

And whereas it is expedient that some Provision should be made to permit the fawl United Company,

io

Irrry Person after May io, *773* who shall be declared the

the C ompany 4l. for every Tub or Che(Vof Bohea Tea. Commissionera of the Treasury anay grant Licence to the East India Company to export to A-merira any Quantity of Tea th y Aull think proper, without Penalty.

Ad Col. UL, IVited.

A.D. 177# Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 4S« 72S

m certain Cffe>} ta export Tcfer, on their own Account) tn tippfitittyb Plantations in America* or to Foreign Part*) without exposing finch Tea toSale hore^ prosing changed with the Payment of any \ 4 Duty for the fcufce bo it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesauL Thaj: from and after the Tretfay wy 1 passing of chi* Act, it shall and may be law/*! for the Ck>tr^igoners of His Majesty'i, Treasury, or gnavtjceiice (

( any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurce for the Time being, to grant a Licence or Li- tfoC*u»t»y*w eences to the said United Company, to take out of their Warehouses uich Quantity or Quantities of j Tea as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or Hie High Treasurer Ajl^.

I for the Time being, (bail think proper, without the same having been exposed to Sale in this King- tL, dischargU ’ dom i and1 to export such Tea to any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America* or to Foreign of ctetom*. Patts, discharged from the Payment of any Customs or Duties whatsoever) any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always* and it is hereby further cna&od by the Authority aforesaid, That a One Entry gntlT tobt Aall be made at the Custom-house of all such Tea fp exported, by Licence, as a fore said, exp resting madeofaU Tea the Quantities thereof, at what Time imported, and by what Ship $ and such Tea shall be shipped for exported by L»-Exportation by the proper Officer for that Purpose, and shall in all other Refoe&s, not altered determined by this *'*" Act, be liable to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as mXMccr* — Tea exported to the like Places was fiable to before the passing of tfrip Ad r And upon the proper Of- *&d such Tea it ficer'f Duty, certifying the Shipping of foah Tea to the Qpllcdor^and Comptroller of His Majesty's liable to the fan* Customs for the Port of London* upon the Back of the Licence, and the Exportation thereof, verified R«le«, Penalties by the Oath of the Husband or Agent for the said United Company, to be wrote at the Bottom of*®*

such Certificate, and sworn before the said Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, fwhich Oath *2^ Aa* they are hereby mpowered to administer), it shall and may be lawful for such Collector and Comp- officenandCoi-troller to write oflF and discharge the Quantity of To* so expprtc4' (ran the Warrant of the respective lk°or’i Duty oa Shin in which such Tea was imported. ' 'Exportation.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That no such Licence'(ball be granted, unless it shall first be made to No licence to be appear to the Sat is fad ion of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of Era^,-un]f? them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, that at the Time of takinjr out such Teas, for the ^ofTe^be Exportation of which a Licence or Licences ihadl: be granted, there will be left remaining in the \t\[ j, the Warehouses of the said United Company, a Quantity of Tea not jess than Ten Millions of Pounds Warefcoafci* Weight; any Thing herein^ of im any other Act of Parliament, contained to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding

CAP. XLV.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Pen Lands tad Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, coirtrtionly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers of Drains, called Stoke River and Brandon River, and a certain Level or District called FeUwell New DistrUi* and the Hard Lands of Woodball in Htlgayr and Helgay, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

WHEREAS certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in that Part of the Great Level Preamble

yV of the Fens called The South Level* and situate in the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Town-4 {hips, of Hockwold with Wilton, Felt well Saint Mary* Frltwell Saint Nicholas* Methwold* Helgay* and Soutlnry, in the County of Norfolk* and in Lakenheath, in the County of Suffolk* and in a certain extraparochial Place called Norland* in the said County of Suffolk* and bounded as follows; videlicet,

By certain *ncieot Rivers or Streams called Brandon River, Stoke River* Methwold Load* and a certains € Level or District called Fcltwell Di/lri£t* and the Hard Lands of Wood!jail in Helgay* and of Helgay aforesaid; that is to say, From the South End of a certain Load called Wilton Load* along the North Side of Brandon River* to a certain Ditch or Drain called The Old Twelve Foot Drain* about Two Furlongs below Redmore House* and from thence along the said OldTzuelve Foot Drain, towards the North East, to a certain old Sewer or Drain called Stake Load* at the East End of a certain E'en 4 called Motfs Fen* and from thence along the Outring Ditch of Mott's Fen aforesaid, next Fcltwell Common* to a certain Drain called Sams’s Cut Drain, and along the said Drain, on the North Side thereof to a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Helgay aforesaid, called Modney Bridge* and frouv thence along the Skirts of the Hard Lands of Woodball in Helgay* and of Helgay aforesaid, and on the South East, and North Sides thereof, to a certain Bridge called Helgay Bridge; and then on the South Side of Stoke River to the South Bank of the said River of Helgaj East ward; and then along the South Bank of Stoke River to Methwold Load* and so along the said Load to‘ the Skirts of the c Hard Lands of Methwold aforesaid; and along the Skirts of the Hard Lands of Methwold* Feltwell*

and Hock wold with li^lton aforesaid, to the North Side of the said River called Brandon River* at Wilton Load aforesaid, containing in the Whole Thirteen thousand five hundred Acres, or thereabouts 4 {Four thousand Acres, Part thereof are Commons belonging to the fevera) Parishes, Hamlecs, and Townships of Methwold* Felt well Saint Mary* FeittueO Saint Nicholas and Hockwold with JVilton aforesaid, and the Residue and Remainder of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds are held in

Severalty by the several Owners thereof)^ have for many Years lall past been, and still are, over-;

flowed with Water, to the great Prejudice of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and, by reason

Sectod Distri&.

726 C. 45. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

i of their low Situation,1 land the Decay >of:ttoe several OutfaWs to the Sea* cannot be drained and preserved without tht Aid and Afliftancie Of Parliament f may it therefore pi case Yojut Majesty that r#r*. it faay be ei^acted; and best enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice*

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this.preutnt Parliament affem-Ceaeral 13i(lri£t. bfed, and by the Authority rof the famb, That the said several Fen Lands and Low Grounds, so

abuttalled, bounded, and described; as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby made Orte General District, ifor the Purpose of fanning, deepening* maintaining, and supporting, the said old Sewer or.Drain

called Sams's Cut, otherwise Sams's Ckt Drain, and a certain Sluice called Hunt's Sluice, at the End

thereof next the River Ouze; and also shall be and are hereby made Two separate Districts or Di*

visions for the Purpose of imbanking and draining the same; which said respective Districts shall be First Difiria. bounded.as follows; that is to say, That such PaK and so much of the said ;Fen Lands and Low.

'Grounds is fies 6n the South fyde of Stoke Rivkt, Methwold hood, and; on the North Side of Sams's ' Cut, contii ft rhg abput Eight1 thou find Acres* shall be and hereby is called and taken as and for the

First District or Division; and that the Residue of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, bounded and described in Manner following; that is to say, From Wilton Load aforesaid, along the North Side of the said River called Brandon River, to the new Bank at Feltwell New District, and alone the said; Bank to Sams'r Cut or Drain, on the South Side thereof, and from thence along the same Drain to

Stake Load, and on the SodtH Side of 'Stake Lead aforesaid to the Hard Lands of Feltwell, and along

the Hard Lands of Feltwell' Saint Mary, Feltwell Saint Nicholas and Hockwold with Wilton, to IFilton: Load aforesaid; containing hbout Sik thousand Acres, shall be and hereby is called and taken as and for the said Second District or Drviftoh*’ 1

Hpwti^Waters

II. And be it further enacted,: That the Waters of the (a«idDiftrifts, and either of them, shall be to be convey-conveyed from and out of the said Districts Yespectively into the said Rivers called Stoke River, Bran-«d to the Sea. don River, and Sams's Cut aforesaid, by Engines or Mills to be erected by the respective Commissioners hereafter mentioned, in Manner following; that is to say. That the Waters of the said First District shall be carried and conveyed by One Mill only into Stoke River aforesaid; and that the Waters of the said Second District shall be carried and conveyed by such Mills or Engines intp, by, and through Brandon Rivtr aforesaid, to the said River Ouze-, and that the Downfall Waters of the said General District, and of the said Two Districts respectively, shall be carried and conveyed to Sea in, by, and through,1 interior Drains, to be made ami supported by the Commissioners of the said Two Districts respectively, into Sams's Cut, otherwise Sams's Cut Drain aforesaid, through the said Sluice called Hunt's Sluice, into the said River Ouze.

Cornmilfioom

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Lord or Lords, Lady or Ut tfac Distrifla. Ladies, of the several Manors of Methwold, on the Part of Lancaster, and of Woodhall and Helgay, otherwise Kilgay, the Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, of Methwold Sever ah, and the Owner or Owners of Twenty Acres of taxable Lands within the said First District for the Time being, Thomas Moore, Francis Dixon, Matthew Pepper Manly, Thomas Moore Clerk, Francis Dixon the younger, Robert Clough, Arthur Annejly, Henry Greene Clerk, Richard Eaton Clerk, and John Dering Clerk, shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for executing and effecting the several Powers, Authorities, and-Purposes of this Act, so far as the same relates to the said First District; and that the respective Lord or Lords, Ladr or Ladies of the several Manors of and in Hockwold with IVUton, of the capita] Manor and the Manor of Southall, and the Manor of JVendlins, Spendlins, and Duntons in Fcltiuell, and also in the Manor of Sothery, otherwise Southery, and the respective Stewards of the said Manors for the Time being, and also the Owner and Proprietor of a certain Piece of Land called North Cloud for the Time being, Cyrill IVyche, Robert Clough, Robert Clough junior, Cyril/ Clough Clerk, John Smith Doctor in Divinity, Master of Caius College, Cambridge; William Adamson Clerk, Henry Greene Clerk, Thomas Batman Clerk, Tlxomas Thompson, John Denton Robert Grimmer, William James, John Faukes, John Cadney, Robert Gilman, Thomas Glajjcock, John AJbley, Henry JVi Hi am Wilson, James Bentham Clerk, John Waddington, and also AJbley Palmer, John Leathes, and GihJfbn Lucas r as Trustees for Thomas Browne Evans a Minor, John Drage, Edward Wright, Ambrose Whiteman, Richard Brewjier, John Young, John Lancaster, Thomas Grimmer, Gregory Sparkes, Thomas Russell, John Rud-land, Robert Stallon, Thomas Young, Thomas Young junior, Ojbert Tooley, Richard Rolfe, and Samuel Lyon, shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for executing and effecting the several Powers, Authorities, and Purposes of this Act, so far as the same relates to the said Second District.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Cvrill Wyche, Robert Clough, Robert Clough juhior, Cyrill Clough, John Smith Doctor in Divinity, Master of Caius College, Cambridge; William Adamson Clerk, and Robert Grimmer, shall be the First Commissioners for the said Parishes of Hockwold with Wilton*, and that Robert Clough, Robert Clough junior, Cyrill Clough Clerk, John Waddington, Henry Greene Clerk, and Edward Wright, shall be th? First Commissioners for the said Parishes of Feltwell Saint Mary and Feltwell Saint Nicholas; and that the Owner and Proprietor of a certain Piece of Land called Northcloud for the Tiaie being, Robert Gilman, shall be the First^Commissioners for the said Parish of Lakenlseath; and that the Owner or Owners of the said extraparochial Place called Forlani shall be the First Commissioner or Commissioners for the said extraparochial Place, f^rfoiw nomina- Called Norland.

ted to be joined V. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons so nominated and appointed Commissioners with former for the said respective Parishes, Hamlets, Townlhins, and Places, shall be added to, and joined with.

Ctmm&oucn,

First Commit* feonen for Hockwold with Wiltoa, Felt-Well SaiqCj Mary, See,

727

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 45.

the said Commissioners before mentioned, for putting this Act in Execution, fa far as the same relates to the said Secontl District $ but that such "of the said Commissioners as are particularly named, and are not Commissioners by virtue of their respective, Elites for the said respective Pa-xilhes, Hamlets, Town ships, and Places, shall only continue Commissioners for the respective Parishes, Hamlets, Townships, and Places, for which they are so nominated, until the First Tuesday in April, in the Year of our Lofd Op? thousand seven hundred and fevepty -four*

VI. And be it further enacted, That all such Persons for the Time being as shall be bona fide Ownertofio seised and possessed in his or her own Right of Ten Acres of Land, taxed by virtue of this Act, lying Acre* of Land within the said Parishes of Feltwell Saint Mary, Feltwell Saint Nicholas, Hockwold with Wilton, Laken- for~

heath, and the said extraparochial Place called Norland, shall meet in the Parish Church of Feltwell the second Saint Mary, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve, upon the First Tuesday in April, in the Year of trifl. our Lord One thousand seven hundred and feveftty-four, apd upon the First Tuesday in April in every fucceding Year and shall respectively chuse so many *0 be Commissioners for the said Second District for the several Parishes, Hamlets, Townships, and places, as shall, together with the Persons seised or possessed of One hundred Acres of taxable Lands as aforesaid, make in the Whole One Commissioner for every One hundred Acres of Land, taxed by virtue of this Act, lying within the said Parishes, Hamlets, Townships, or Places respectively j and the Election of every such Commissioner certificate oV or Commissioners shall he certified under the Hands of the major Part of the Electars present at such Eleaioa. such Election to the next. General. Meeting of the said Commissioners: And in case the Persons *n case of na who are to chuse Commissioners for any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, Townships, or Places* shall thJ

neglect to meet at the Place, and at the Time appointed for such Elections, and shall not chuse Commissioners accordingly; then the Persons who were Commissioners for the said several Parishes,

Hamlets, Townships or Places, for the preceding Year, shall continue Commissioners for the same, respectively, until other Commissioners shall be chosen as aforesaid, upon the First Tuesday in April in the First or next succeeding Year after such Election shall have been omitted, and so shallcominue from Year to Year till a new Election shall be made.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person seised or possessed of One hundred Owurtof »o» Acres of taxable Lands, shall and may appoint a Commissioner for every such One hundred Acres Acre* may *p-for the District in which the said One hundred Acres do lie"5 but that no Person, having more than One hundred Acres within either of the said Districts, shall be inmowered by this Act to nominate and appoint any more than One Commissioner, in case he a fts as a Commissioner himself j but in case bat if be doca he does not act, then he shall have Power to nominate and apppint only Two Commissioners for the not*may«fpu£ said District in which the said One hundred Acres shall lie, to put this Act into Execution; and Tw*. that every Agent, duly appointed by this Act, shall and may,\in she Absence of the Persons respectively by whom they shall be so appointed, aft as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, in such and the same Manner, and as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as such Commissioners respectively might aft and do if they were personally present.

VIII. Provided always, and oe it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person, except the p*,*, t* Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the several and respective Manors of Hockwold with IVilton, Felt- aa*CoM»& well, Methwold, Helgay, and Southery, and the Deputies or Agents to be appointed as hereki is di- fioner*, unlefa rected, Richard Paul Joddrel, or any future Lessee or Lessees of the said Methwold Severals, and his, thef hive it her, or their Tenants, the Owner and Proprietor of the said Piece of Laud called Northcloud, the Acrei*

Owner and Proprietor of the said extraparochial Place called Norland, the said Ashley Palmer, John Leatbes, and Gib fin Lucas, as Trustees of the said Thomas Browne Evans, the (2nd. Matthew Pepper Manby, Francis Dixon, Thomas Moore, Thomas Moore Clerk, and Francis Dixon junior, shall be enabled to act, fit, or vote, as a Commissioner for any of the Purposes of this Act, unless he shall tys the teal Owner of Sixteen Acres of Land taxed by virtue of this Act.tM

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Owner or Owners of One hundred Acres or Trustees ana

more of taxable Lands lying within ithe said Districts reflectively, and by virtue of such Owner-'Committees for ship is or are Empowered to nominate and appoint a Commissioner or Commissioners, or to act as a Misw#, Lom-Commissioner for the Purposes of carrying this Act intfe Execution, shall, at the Time of passing rote^nd

this Act, or at any Time or Times afterwards, be a Minor under the Age of Twenty-one Years, a Lcomimr-

Lunatick or Idiot, it shall and may be lawful for the Guardian or Trustee of such Minor, or in case fiooers.

such Minor shall have no Guardian or Trustee, for such Person being of full Age to whom the Estate of the said Minor on his or her Death may defeend, or by virtue of any Deed or Settlement be conveyed, and for the Committee or Committees of such Lunarick or Idiot? either to fit, vote, or aft in Person, as a Commissioner or Commissioners for the said Districts respectively, or in case no Com-

million shall have passed, or have been issued out for the Heir at Law of such Lunatick or Idiot, or in case of any Settlement for the Person who shall next inherit, after the Death of such Idiot or Lunatick, under and by virtue of such Settlement, or to nominate and appoint under his or her Hand, a Commissioner or Commissioners for such Lands j and that such Commissioner or Commissioners so nominated and appointed, or to be nominated and appointed by them, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, a Commissioner or Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Persons who shall be joint Tenants, Tenants in Joint Tenants, Common, or Parceners, of any of the Fen Lands or Low Grounds lying within the said Districts re- *e. to foeftively, by virtue of this Act, shall, for their several and respective Shares, be intided to act as a Cwa?1^r*1 Commissioner or Commissioners for the same, either by themselves or Agents, and shall have the

728 C. 45. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 177,'?*

fame Powers as if such Lands foheTd by them as Joint Te'nimfs/Tenants in Common, or as Parceners, were actually fevered and divided, so that every such joint Tenants, Tenants in Common, ot as Parceners, shall he the real Owners of One hundred Acres Ot more, Or or Sixtfeeti hetts of Land, in his, her, or their own Right, in the said respectively, and charged withijhe Payment of Taxes

by virtue of this Act.

No Persont

XI. Provided neverthelefe, That no Person whatsoever shall fit, vbte, or aft as a Commissioner for holding PUctt any of the said Districts during such Time as he {b&ti hol'd any Place dr Office of Pfcofit, for or in re*

*f Profit, to lation to the Execution of this Act.

aft at Comma*

fionert.

Tinjcs and Places of Meeting of ConuniffUmcn*

Erptnen sic«-tamed to be allowed at (he Gcntraf Iftd other Mhcthiga of the Commissionen.

Commifiloaert may bring Actions in the Nameofthait Treafavr, ft*

Commi/Eonert for the Two Districts to meet Twice a Year, for the Purpose of directing the joist Works.

CommilRohm miy cleft Of-

and appoint their Atlanta.

Tttafuvor to girt

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners baieby nominated and appointed, and their Suoceflbra Audi meet Twice in every Year, using the Second Tuesday in April and the Second Tuesday in OtMber* tft feme Publick Ho life i« the fail ParHh of Uetgayot Methwold, for the said First District, and at loioe Public House in the Aid respective Profiles of Hock*

%void with Wilton or Feltwett for the said Second District, to be appointed of the Commissioners of the said Districts respectively, or atiy Five or more of them* or at such other Time and Place near the said respective Districts as they shall irfoectively think proper, pursutm to Notice in Writing for tha* Purpose signed by any Five or more of the Commissioners for the said Districts respectrvrfy, end to be affixed upon the Outside of the Church Poors of Methwold and Htlgay upon tome Sunday for the said First District, and upon the Church Doors of Hockwoli with Wilton and Feltwell Saint Mary, for the said Second District, Seven Pays at least before any such Meeting, except chofc appointed to be held on the Second Tuesday in Afrit and the Second Tuesday in October; she First Meeting for the said First ‘District to be held at the Sign of The Whitt Swan to Htlgay aforesaid, upon the Fourth Monday after the passing of this Act, and the First Meeting for the Second District lobe held at the Sign of Tht Cock in Feltwell aforesaid, upon the Fourth Tuesday after the passing of this Act, and shall and may from Time to Time, adjourn themselves, and meet again porfoant to such Adjournment, as often as they shall see Cause. or think convenient.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no more Money shall be expended by the said respective Commissioners out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act in each respective District than the Slim of Ten Shillings and Sixpenceat the First respective General Meeting, or any other respective Half-yearly General Meeting, nor more than the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence at any other Meeting in each respective District to be held by virtue of this Act i which Out) be paid by the Col* left or or Receiver of the Kat*s and Taxts, and allowed in the Accounts as so much Money paid for the Purposes of this Act for the said Two Districts respectively.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or ofjheir respective Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer, or order the prefering Rills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall disturt) them in the Possession of their Property.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the said Two Districts, and their Successors, shall meet Twice rn every Year, upon the Second Wechefday in Aprils and the

nesday in October at some PtiMick House in Fthwell or Helgay aforesaid, for the Purpose of ordering and directing such Works as are to be jointly performed by the Commissioners for the said Two Districts, and that the First joint Meeting of the said Commissioners for such Purpose shall be held at the Sign of Tkf White Swan in Helgay aforesaid, upon the Fourth Wednesday after the passing of this Act and the said Commissioners shall and may, from Time to Time, adjourn themselves, and meet again, pursuant to such Adjournment, as often as they shall see Cause or think convenient, for the Purpose of ordering and directing such joint Works.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Commissioners of the said Two Districts respectively, or any, Five or more of them, afterabled at any of the Meetings to be held id pursuance of this Act, shall have full Power and Authority to appoint for each of the said Districts respectively, One Clerk, and One or more Treasurer or Treasurers, for each of the Aid Two Districts, and such other proper Officer or Officers as they the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think fit; for the taking Care of all such Ranks and Works, and for collectingtbe said Rates or Assessments which shall be laid, rated, or assessed on the panels and Grounds lying with the said respective Districts, and t6 allow and appoint to be paid to such Officers, out of the Monies arising m each District respectively, such yearly and other Wages or Salaries for their Trouble and Pains, as they the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them*1 present at such Meeting, shall think reasonable: which laid Clerk, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, and other Officer or Officers, so to be appointed as aforesaid, may be removed at the Will and pleasure of the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, assembled at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose of which due Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed upon the Church or Chapel Doors of Helgay, Methwohi, Fthwell Sain* Mary, feltwell Saint Nicholas, and Hockwold with Wtlton aforesaid, respectively, and other or others to appoint in his or their Places, as Occasion shall require; and such respectivb Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver Or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, shall, before they act in the Execution of their respective OffiQcsa give such Security for the due Execution thereof, and for performing the fevcKiJ Trlifts to then*

commuted*

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 45. 729

committed, as the said respective Commissionera, or any Five or more of them, assembled at any Meet* irtg for each respective District for that Purpose, shall think fit.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Once in every Year, that is to say, at Commissionm the yearly General Meeting to be held for the said Two Districts reflectively, or on any subsequent annually to in-Day to which the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall adjourn such Receipts Meeting, Inflection shall be had by the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, *°d D,ft>urk' of the Receipts and Disbursements of such Monies as shall have been raised and received by virtue of mentl* this Act, in relation to the said Two Districts respectively for the Year then last past; and all Accounts and settle Actuating to the respective Districts, shall be, at such Meeting, made up and settled by the several counts. Commissioners appointed for each of the said Districts, or any Five or more of them assembled as afore- jrcifurerf laid, at which Time the several Treasurers, Collectors, and Receivers of the said Taxes or Assess- ie&ors,^c.toat-ments, are hereby required to attend with proper Books of Accounts of their Receipts and Disburse- tend with their ments, and all Vouchers for the same; and on considering and examining the said Accounts, and all Books, ether Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Money raised and received by virtue of this and verify on Act, within or in relation to the said Two Districts respectively upon Oath, if the same shall be re-if requir-quired by any Five or more of the said Commissioners for each of the said Two Districts respectively,

(which Oath any One of the skid Commissioners is hereby impowered to administer), the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered to allow and pass under their Hands A

the said Account or Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as they shall think just and reasonable; and in Two

such Account or Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be passed and allowed as aforesaid. Books, and shall be fairly entered in Two distinct and separate Books to be kept for that Purpose for each of the where to be de* feid Districts, One of which Books to be kept determined by the Treasurer or Treasurers, or such other Person ported, or Persons for each of the said Districts, as the Commissioners for such District* cur any Five or more of them, shall appoint; and the other of the said Books shall be deposited in such Place in Helgcy and Fekwell as the said Commissioners respectively, or any Five or more of them, shall direct and appoint, at any Meeting to be held for each of the said Districts respectively, in a stronzfiox to be provided by the said Commissioners respectively for that Purpose; and the Book so deposited shall and may be inf pected and perused at all reasonable Times by or at the Request of any Person or Persons rated or-taxed by virtue of this Act, on paying Sixpence for perusing the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Ckrk or Minacr Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Officer or Jim* when Of* Officers so to be appointed for each respective District as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath> when thereunto .*? required by the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, (which Oath the said icipective Commissioners, or any One or more of them, is and are hereby impowered to administer), give into the said respective Commissioners for each District, or any Five or more of them, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, with proper Vouchers of all Monies which he or they, and every or any of them, shall to such Time have received, paid, or disbursed, by virtue of this Act, for or by reason of his or their refoedive Office;.and in cafo any of Bsfonoe the Monks so received shall remain in his, their, or any of their Hands, the same shall be paid to the to be paid t*ti* fespective Commissioners for the respective Districts, or any Five or more of them, to which such Money shall belong, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall, by any Writing or WritiMs under their Hands respectively, authorise and impower to receive the same: And in case any such Clerk, Collector, Receiver, or other Officer, shall not give in and make up such Accounts and Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse to deliver up all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody relating to the Execution of this Act, that then any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk or Suffolk, shall and may make Inquiry of and concerning such Default as aforesaid, in a summary Way, as well by the Confession of the Party as by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justice or Justices \% and are hereby required and authorised to administer without Fee or Reward); and if any such Clerk^ ,

Treasurer. Collector, Receiver, or other Officer, shall be convicted of all or any of the Offences -aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall, upon such Conviction, commit the Party ta the common Goal of the said County of Norfolk or Suffolk, as the Case shall happen, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall have made a perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, and delivered up all such Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody, or until he shall have compounded and agreed with the respective Commissioners for each respective District, or any Five or more of them, and have / paid such Compofoion-money; which Composition the said respective Commissioners any Five or r more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to make.

XIX. And in order that the Waters of the said Districts respectively may be more easily conveyed ^ttkrtoba into the said Rivers called Stoke River, Brandon River, and Sams's Cut aforesaid, and the River Ouzo done in the tuft aforesaid, and the said Districts be effectually drained and preserved, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said First Districr, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to heighten, widen, strengthen, make, maintain, and support, or c&use to be heightened, widened, strengthened, maintained, and supported, the North Bank of Sams's Cut aforesaid, in Manner hereafter mentioned, and all such interior Drains running across -or through fyletbyiolA and Feltwell Commons aforesaid, within the said First District, as they shall think proper, for the preventing the Waters thereof from running over the same, or making any Breach therein, 0/ to repair and make up any Breach that may happen by reason of the said Waters; and alfa to tkanfe* widen* make* cat* build* erect* purchate* Rnd (uppott all such other Banks* Bridges, Cuts,

730 C. 45. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Power to contract for Re-pans.

Drains, Dams, Tunnels, Doors, Sluices, Outlets, Engines, and other Matters and Things already made, built, or erected, or hereafter to be made, built, or erected, by virtue of this Act, within the said First District, except as herein after is mentioned: And also that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Second District, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to heighten, widen, strengthen, make, maintain, and support, or cause to be heightened, widened, lengthened, made, maintained, and supported, the said Bank of Wilton Load aforesaid, and the said North Bank of Brandon River aforesaid, within the said Second District, and the South Banks of the said Cut called Sams's Cut, and all such other interior Drains running across or through Fcltwell, or any other Commons, Lands, or Grounds, within the said Second District, which they shall think proper* for the preventing the Waters thereof from running over the same, or making any Breach therein, or to repair and make up any Breach that may happen by reason of the said Waters 5 and also to cleanse, widen, make, cut, build, erect, purchase, maintain, and, support, all such other Banks, Bridges, Headings, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Tunnels, Doors, Sluices, Outlets, Mills, Engines, and other Mat* ters and Things already made, built, or erected, or hereafter to be made, built, or erected, by virtue of this Act, wkhin the said Second District, as the said Commissioners for the said Second District* or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary or proper.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the said Two Districts respectively, or any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorise and appoint, may, and they are hereby impowered to contract and agree with any such Person or Persons for any certain Sum or Sums of Money for the Repairs of any of the said Banks, Drains, or Works, or for the erecting and building any Mill or Mills to be erected in or upon the said Districts respectively, or for any other joint Works to be performed in pursuance of this Act; and that all such Contracts and Agreements in Writings shall be valid, and that Actions may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Two Districts respectively, or any Five or more of them, to erect Staunches, Doors, Sluices, or Outfalls in such Parts of the said Districts respectively as they shall staunch to think proper, except across Sams's Cut Drain aforesaid, to prevent the Waters of the High Lands of kf wTPt Head Two Districts respectively from running with too great Velocity into the lower>Part of the

of Water. said Two Districts respectively, in order that as well a proper Head of Water may be kept up in the said High Lands for the Benefit thereof, as to prevent the lower Parts of the said Districts from being prejudiced thereby.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Commissioners shall pay such reasonable Satisfaction to the Person or Persons who have a Right to the Soil through or upon which any such Cut, Drain, Dam, Bank. Bridge, Heading, Tunnel, or Outlet shall be made, or whereupon any such Engines or Mills shall be erected, for the Damages he, she, or they, shall thereby sustain, or shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners respectively, or any Five or more of them, prefer* at their respective Meetings, and such Person or Persons having Right as aforesaid; and if the said respective Commissioners for the said Distri&s, or any Five or more of them assembled at their said respective Meetings, and such Person or Persons having Right to such Soil as aforesaid cannot agree concerning the Amount of such Damages, then the same shall be assessed and adjudged by the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, at their next or any other General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held by Adjournment at King's Lynn or Swaffham, in the said County of Norfolk, if the Damages be done within the said County of Norfolk, or at Saint Edmund's Bwy, in the said County of Suffolk, if the Damages be done in the said County of Suffolk, not being interested in the Premises, who are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to hear and determine the same, and to fend for, fununon, and examine any Person or Persons, Books, Papers, and Writings, touching such Disputes, and to direct, if they shall see Occasion, any Person or Persons they shall think proper to view the Premises in Question, and to examine the Person taking such View upon Oath touching and concerning the same; and the Determination which shall be so made by the Justices in their said Sessions as aforesaid shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Writs whatsoever, into any of >His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said South Bank of Stoke River shall be, and is hereby deemed and taken to be the Works of Richard Paul Joddrel Esquire, as Lessee of the Duchy of Lancaster, so far as the same runs against the Lands belonging to the said Duchy,

long coMr.jod- and shall be, from and after the passing of this Act, maintained, supported, and kept in Repair, by tobefuf- the present Lessee, or any future Lessee thereof, and their Successors, Heirs, Executors, Adctriniftra-tors, and Assigns, Tenant or Tenants, in the several Parts and Proportions herein after mentioned;

ithat is to say;. That the said South Bank of Stoke River, so far as the same runs against the Lands elonging to the said Duchy, shall for ever after the passing of this Act be heightened, strengthened, repaired, maintained, and supported, at the Costs and Charges of the said Lessee, his, her, or their Tenants, of such an Height, Strength, and Depth, as to prevent the Waters running over or breaking through the same; and that so much of the said South Bank of Stoke River shall, from and after the passing of this Act> from the West End of the said Severals to Hclgay Bridge aforesaid. be heightened, itrengthened, repaired, and kept in Repair, by the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lanas and Grounds lying within the said First District, between Sams's Cut Drain and Stoke River aforesaid, in proportion to the Number of Acres belonging to every such Owner and Proprietor.

XXIV*

Commissioners to have Power to erc£l Staunches to

Commissidfterf to make Satisfaction to the Owners of the Soil for Da-

Justices to do-ttnnine Differences.

The Banks of

Stoke River, deemed to be-

ported by the present Lessee, dec.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo, tertio Georgii III. C. 45. 731

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Load called Methwold Loady together with the Methwold Load South Bank thereof, from the West End of Thornbam Closes aforesaid, by the new Cut or Load to *,th ,h*

Stoke River aforesaid, so far as the said Common of Methwold extends 5 that is to say. To the Tunnel scoured,*

in the said River Bank at the End of the Dike or Drain (called Broad Fen Load) which parts the said &c. at the Cofla Common from the Severally shall, within Eighteen Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, of the Ldfce. be scoured and cleansed, and the said Bank heightened and (Lengthened in such a Manner as effectually to prevent the Waters from running over or breaking through the same, at the Costs and Charges of the Lettec or Lessees of the said Seycrals\ and that when the said Bank shall be so made, repaired, and heightened, the said Lessee or Lessees shall, at his or their own Costs and Charges, fence in Part of the same from the Common by a Soak Dike of the Width of Ten Feet, and Depth of Four Feet and an Half, and with good and substantial Posts and Rails at each End of the said Bank, and quite across the same from the said Tunnel upwards along the said River and Load Bank, so far as an old Dike now runs under or near to the said Bank, being opposite to the East Gate, which is on the North Bank of the said Load $ and that when the same shall by the View of Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk he adjudged to be effectually scoured and cleansed, heightened and (Lengthened, and fenced off and separatea from the Common in Manner aforesaid, then the said Bank shall for ever after be repaired by the Commoners having Right of Common upon Methwold Common \ but the said Load from the West End of Thornbam Closes to the said River shall forever after be scoured and cleansed determined by and at the Charge of the said Lessee or Lessees, and all future Lessee «>r Lessees, or the Owner or Owners of the said Severals for the Time being.

XXV. And be it further enacted, Tfiat the Lessee or Lessees, Owner or Owners, of the said owners of

Methwold Severalr, shall, at his and their own Expence, from Time to Time, keep in Repair the Tun- Methwold Se-<nel in Broad Fen Load aforesaid, next to Stoke River, or may, at his or their Discretion, lay down, and v*rals to repai# always keep in Repair, a new Tunnel there, so as the same shall not be of less Dimenhons than the ?heBTuJlSl present Tunnel; and that the Commoners of the said Common, and their Servants, shall, at all Times,

between Lady day and Michaelmas-day, Old Stile, in every Year, have free Liberty and Power to let

in Water through the said Tunnel for the Use of their Cattle, and also have the free Use of the ancient and accustomed Watering-place in Methwold Load, near Thornbam Hills; and also occasionally, at any Time between Michaelmas-day and Lady-day, Old Stile, in every Year, to let the Waters out of the said Broad Fen Load into the common Drain leading therefrom to Sams's Cut j any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners No Milltto

of the Two Districts shall have no Power or Authority whatsoever, by virtue of this Act, to ered any th»#w Water in-Mill or Engine for throwing Water within each of the said Districts upon Sams's Cut Drain aforesaid, or to any River, upon any other River, save and except the Rivers called Stoke River and Brandon River, except as,

flk; 1 7 ' Brandon and

hereafter is mentioned.

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend. to prevent Matthew Pepper Manly Esquire, his Heirs or Assigns, from using or employing his Engine or Engines for the draining his present imbanked or other Lands, within the said First District.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Drain called Sams's Cuty and the said Sluice called Hunt's Sluice, shall for ever, after the passing of this Act, be deemed the joint common Work of the said Commissioners of the said Two Districts, and shall be opened, scoured, cleansed, and repaired, at the joint Costs and Charges of the said Two Districts respectively; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of either of the said Two Districts, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required, (with the Confet of Two or more of the Commissioners acting by virtue of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty herein after recited), at any Meeting or Meetings, to order and direct the said Drain *0 be made of the full Width of Twenty-four Feet at lead, to carry the Waters of the said Two Districts with ^greater Ease to the said River Ouze; and also, from Time to Time, to widen and Ttpair the said Sluice called Hunt's Sluice, for the better and more easy draining the said Two Districts respectively; and, from Time to Time, to make and give such Orders and Direction3 for the repairing and maintaining the said Sluice, and for the cleansing, deepening, and scouring out the said Drain as they shall think proper; and that the Costs and Charges of repairing and maintaining the said Sluice, and of widening, (routing, and cleansing out the said Drain, except such Part of the said Costs and Charges as is directed to be borne and paid by the Commissioners acting by virtue of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sams’s Cut Drain, and for impowering the Governor, Bailiff's and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level to Jell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called I rive (tea Lands, shall be paid by the said Commissioners of the said Two

Districts respectively, according to the Proportion of the Number of Acres in each respective District, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act in each respective District.

Stoke Rivers*.

Mr. Pepper Manby’i Right referred,

Sams’ Cut and Hunt’s Sluice to be secured and repaired at the joint CufU of the Two Districts.

732

CLufc

respe&.ng a certain Drain and Sluice*

Commissioners of First District impowered to aftefi Land Owners in said District. ;Saceptiona*

t ConTmfcTionert. of the Secomi impowered to af« i"eis Land Owners in laid 'District.

/ Exceptions.

/Exemption of 'High Lands,

Method of defer mining D«f--purrs with re-fpcel to High /Lands,

C. 4.5. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away the Right of the said Commissioners, acting by virtue of the said recited Act, from making use of the said Drain and Sluice for the Benefit of the Drainage under the said Act, the said Commissioners paying a proportional Part of such Repairs as herein after is mentioned.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the said First Distridi, or any Five or more of them, at the First General Meeting, or any other Half-yearly Meeting, to assess, rate, tax, and charge, all and every the respective Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers, of all and singular the Fen Lands and Low Grounds held in Severalty, or being private Property, situate and being within the said First District, (except the said Common called AfettnutU Common, and the several Commons of Southery and Feltwell, and such other Lands as are or shall be deemed High Lands within the said District), by and with equal and proportionable yearly Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners of the said First District, or any Five or more of them, fothat the said Rates, Taxes, or Sums of Money, do not exceed, in any One Year, the Sum of Sixpence for every Acre of the Lands comprised within the said First District, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than an Acre, (except as before excepted), and so that no Part of the said Lands be at any Time charged, by virtue of this Act, with any greater or less Rate or Tax than the rest of the said Lands are or shall be charged with \ which said Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, shall be paid Half-yearly by the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the said Fen Land's and Low Grounds, at the Place of Abode of such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall order, direct, and appoint, to collect and receive the same, the First Payment thereof to be made on the Twenty-fourth Day of June next after the passing of this Act, and that every other Half-yearly Payment shall be made on the Twenty-fifth Day of December and the Twenty-fourth Day of June in each and every succeeding Year, to be paid, applied, and disposed of, by the said Commissioners of the said First District, or any Five or more of th^m, for and towards the supporting, maintaining, and repairing, the said Drain called Semis's Cut and Hunt's Sluice, in Manner herein after mentioned, and to such other Uses and Purposes of the said District as are in and by this Act directed, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of the said Second District, or any Five or more of them, at their First or any other Half-yearly General Meeting as aforesaid, to assess, rate, tax, and charge, all and every the respect tive Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers, of all and singular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds held in Severalty, or being private Property, situate and being in the said Second District, in the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Hjckwold with Wilton, Feltwell, Lakenheath, and Norland, except the several Lands and Grounds lying within said Second District, herein after exempted and Jifcharged from the Payment of any Rate, Tax, or Sum of Money, to be laid, rated, or taxed, by virtue of this Act, and except the Commons of Methwold, Hockwold with Wilton, and Feltwell aforesaid, by and with equal and proportionable yearly Rates, Taxes,'and Sums of Money, at the Discretion of the Commissioners for the said Second District, or any Five or more of them for the Time being, who shall be present at such Meeting as aforesaid, so that the said Rates, Taxes, or Sums of Money, do not exceed in any One Year the Sum of One Shilling for every Acre of the Lands comprised within the said Second District, and so in Proportion for any greater or Ids Quantity than an Acre, except as is herein after excepted; which said Rates, Taxes, or Sums of Money, shall be paid Half-yearly by the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the said ren Lands and Low Grounds, at the Place of Abode of such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall order, direct, and appoint, to collect and receive the same, the First Payment thereof to be made on the Twenty-fourth Day of June next after the passing of this Act, and that every other Half-yearly Payment shall he made on the Twenty-fifth Day of December, and the Twenty-fourth Day of June, in each and every succeeding Year, to be paid, applied, and disposed of, as the said Commissioners of the said Second District, or any Five or more of them, shall, front Time to Time, under their Hands, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, order, direct, and appoint, for the Purposes of this Act, so far as the same relates to the said Sams's Cut Drain, and Hunt's Sluice aforesaid, and the other Purposes of the said Second District.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Assessment, Rate, or Tax, shall be made, collected, or levied, upon or in respect of any High Lands within the find Second District, not subject to Inundations j and if any Dispute shall aiife whether zny of such Lands ought to be deemed High Lands, the lame shall be determined by Five or more of the Commissioners for the said Second District, and Two indifferent Persons to be nominated and appointed by the Land-owners complaining of such-Rate or Tax; and in case such Dispute shall not be determined within Three Calendar Months from the Time of such Meeting, or if the Person or Persons on whose Behalf such Determination shall be ‘trade, shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by such Determination, then it shall and may be lawful for him, her, or them, to appeal, giving Notice in Writing of such intended Appeal to the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, to the Justices of the Peace, et their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden by Adjournment at King's Lynn or Swaffham, in the isaid County of Norfolk, or at Saint Edmund's Bury, in the County of Suffolk, it such Dispute shall happen in the said County of Suffolk, within Six Calendar Months after such Dispute or Determination shall happen i and the said Justices, at their said Sessions, are hereby limpowered to fend for, summonsf

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 45- 733

nions, and examine such Witnesses upon Oath, touching the Matters in Question, as they shall think proper; and also in case they shall not have at such Sessions sufficient Evidence before them to determine the Matter in Question, then it shall and may be lawful for such Justices, so assembled as aforesaid, to adjourn such Appeal to any future General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden by Adjournment as aforesaid, then and there finally to determine the same between the Parties, and to give such Costs to either Party as they shall think reasonable; and that such Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Parties without any further or other Appeal, and shall not he removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXIII. And, in order that the full Sum which shall be so rated or assessed may be duly paid, be On Default it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay to Payment of the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or any other Person or Persons appointed by the 'laxc5> said Commissioners of the said Two Districts respectively, the Rate or Tax with which he, she, or they, shall be respectively charged, by the Space of Two Calendar Months after the same shall have become due and payable, every such Person shall forfeit and pay to such Collector or Collectors

the further Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Twenty Shillings which shall be so in Arrear

and unpaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum; to be levied by Distress and Sale of his,

her, and their Goods and Chattels, in such Manner as the aforesaid Rates and Taxes are herein di- Commissioners

reded to be levied; and the Monies so forfeited and levied shall be applied towards the Works of such to *vc. ower

District where the same shall be forfeited. to ' ram*

XXXIV. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Matthew Pepper Manhy Exception. Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, to take Water into his Decoy within the said First District, out of

Stoke River aforesaid, by a Tunnel to be laid into the same; and to make, maintain, and support a

food and sufficient Bank round the said Decoy, at his and their own Costs and Charges, upon his own /ands, as shall be sufficient to prevent the Waters draining out of the same; and that no Assessment,

Rate, or Tax, shall be made or levied upon the said Decoy.

XXXV. Provided nevertheless, That if the said Matthau Pepper Manly* his Heirs and Assigns, OnNe-'cflt® shall neglect or refuse to make and support the Banks of the said Decoy in Manner above mentioned, !?aket^'Pank* it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said First District, or any Five or more of ^wde/'the* them, to order the said Tunnel, so to be laid down by him or them as aforesaid, to be taken up and Tunnel to be dammed across, until such Bank shall be sufficient])* repaired for the Purpose aforesaid. pulled UP*

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respectA Survey to be tive Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order a Survey to be made of the Quantity of ^ie Landl^n*" Acres, Roods, and Perches, contained in the Lands and Grounds in each respective District liable ac^DiUna" to be taxed by virtue of this Act, by such Person or Persons as they shall think proper; and such Person or Persons shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to enter into and upon any of the Lands so liable to be taxed for the Purpose of making such Survey 5 and such Survey, when so made, shall be delivered to the Commissioners of the said Districts respectively, or any Five or more of them, at some One of their Meetings, and shall be verified upon the Oath of the on the Oath of Person or Persons so making the same, (which Oath any One of the Commissioners of the said re- the Surveyor, spective Districts is hereby impowered to administer); and such Survey to be given in as aforesaid, and made by Order of the Commissioners of the said Districts respectively, shall be a sufficient Authority for the said respective Commissioners to collect the said Rates and Taxes by, and shall be bind4* jug to the several Persons charged with the Payment thereof for their several Lands so charged with such Payments; and such Survey, being signed by the Person or Persons so making the same, and also by any Five or more of the Commissioners for each of the said Districts respectively present at any Meeting, shall be allowed as Evidence in all His Majesty's Courts of Law or Judicature whatsoever.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Owner or Proprietor of the said Persons apgriit-Fen Lands or Low Grounds shall think himself aggrieved by such Survey, that it shall and m:.y be cdnoayhaYca lawful for such Owner or Proprietor to have his said Lands and Grounds re-surveyed, by such Sur- Kc^urvey* veyor, as he or they shall think proper; and in case, by such new Survey, it shall appear that such Owner or Proprietor Dial 1 be overcharged by such former Survey, or pay for a greater Number of Acres than the real Quantity of his laid Lands or Grounds, that such Owner or Proprietor shall, upon such Re-survey, to be delivered in to the said Commissioners of the said Two Districts respedivly, at any of their Meetings, on the Oath of such Surveyor, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby impowered to administer), shall be abated in Proportion to such Overcharge; yet if it shall appear, on such Re-survey, that such Owner or Proprietor shall not he overcharged to such Rates or AfklTments, that then such Owner or Proprietor shall be at the Charge of making such Rc-survey; but in case by such Re-survey, it shall appear that such Owner or Proprietor shall be overcharged, that then the Expences of such Re-survey shall be paid and borne by die Commissioners of such of the said Districts respectively, out of the Monies arising in such District where such Re-survey shall be taken as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And whereas, the Poor Inhabitants of Hockwold with Hilton aforesaid, are intitled to HockwoM with a certain Common called The Poors Charity or Thirty Acres, within the said Second District, upon vvuton’s: oor’a which they are intitled to cut Firing for the Winter Season, and to make no other Uie thereof; it Thirty Acres, is hereby further enacted, That the said Common, called The Poor s Thirty Acres* shall not be liable o exempted from V oL. XJ. 5 B chargeable any Ta*’

734 C. 44.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

In case of Default of Payment of Races,

21 Days Notice to be given before the Day of payment.

Tenants to pay

the Tas, and deduct the same out of their Rest.

chargeable with any Rate or Tax, charged or rated by virtue of this Act, so long as the same (half beufed by such Commoners, for the Purposes aforesaid; but that such Common shall be exempt front all Taxes whatsoever, charged, or to be charged, by virtue of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons so rated, taxed, or assessed, as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Tax or Assessment charged upon him, her, or them, respectively, for or on account of their several Lands lying within the said Districts respectively, upon a Day to be appointed determined by the said Commissioners respectively, or any Five or more of them*, for such Payment, publick Notice of such Day of Payment, Twenty-one Days before the Day of such Payment being given in The Norwich Mercury, and Cambridge Chronicle' and Journal, for that Purpose, so long as the same shall continue to be published, or any other weekly Paper circulated in the said Counties of Norfolk and Sufolky and also affixed upon the Church or Chapel Doors of Helgay, Southery, Methwold, Feltwell Saint Mary? Feltwell Saint Nicholas, and Hock-Wild with JF'ilton, aforesaid, which Notice so to be given in such Paper, affixed upon such Church or Chapel Doors, or other Places as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken as publick Notice of the said Day of Payment as if Demand thereof had been actually made by the said Receiver or Collector for the said Two Districts respectively, of the Person or Persons by whom such Rates or Taxes are to be paid, as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful for the respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or for any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of Three or more of the said Commissioners for the said Two Districts respectively, (which Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any Three or more of them respectively, are hereby impowered and required from Time to Time to make, as Occasion shall require), to enter into and upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said Two Districts, or either of them, so rated, assessed, and taxed, as aforesaid, in Possession of such Person or Persons as shall so make Default in Payment as aforesaid, and all Messuages, Tenements, Cottages, or Buildings thereupon (landing, or belonging thereunto, with their and every of their Appurtenances, and to levy the Sum or Sums of Money by him, her, or them, payable for such Rate or Tax, and the Arrears thereof by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels which shall be found on the Premises so charged with any such Rate or Tax, or the Arrears thereof, as aforesaid; and in case no sufficient Distress can be found on the Premises, it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons, by virtue of such Warrant or Precept, as aforesaid, to levy the said Taxes, and all Arrears for the same, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making Default in Payment, as aforesaid, which shall be found in any other Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain \ and the Goods and Chattels so distrained to impound on the Premises, or take, lead, drive, carry away, impound, and keep in any other Place, for the Space of Five Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof, leaving at such Messuages, Tenements, Cottages, Grounds, and Premises, Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress, and the Place where such G ;oJs and Chattels shall be impounded \ and if the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money so rated, taxed, or assessed, and the Arrears thereof as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Distress, or replevy the said Goods and Chattels deftrained, with sufficient Security to be given to the Sheriff of the County where such Distress shall be so taken, or Chief Bailiff of the Isle of Ely, if taken within the said Isle of £/y, according to the Laws now in being for Distresses in case of Nonpayment of Rent, within Five Days next after such Distress made, and Notice thereof given as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so distraining may, with the Sheriff or Under-sheriff, or the Chief Bailiff of the Isle of £/y, Constable, or Headborough of the Parish or Place where such Distress shall he made, (who is and are hereby required to assist therein), cause the Goods and Chattels so distrained to be appraised by Two or more indifferent Persons to be sworn by such Sheriff, Under-sheriff, Chief Bailiff, Constable, or Headborough, (who is and are hereby impowered to administer such Oath), to appraise the same according to the bed of their Judgement, and after such Appraisement, it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons so making such Distress, to fell the Goods and Chattels so distrained for the heft Price that can be got for the lame, for and towards Satisfaction for the Monies for which such Distress shall be so taken, and the Charges of taking, keeping, appraising, and felling the Goods and Chattels so distrained, leaving the Overplus (if any) in the Hands of such Sheriff, Under-sheriff, Chief Bailiff, Constable, or Headborough, for the Owner's Use.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Tenant or Tenants of all and singular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds which shall be rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, is and are hereby require d and authorised to pay such Taxes or Assessment, and deduct the same out of his, her, or their Rent; and every Tenant paying such Taxes or Assessments shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as such Assessments shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons intitled to the Rent of such Fen Lands and Low Grounds, except where there is a Lease for Three or more Yea s to come from the Commencement of this Act, in which Case, the Proportion of such Taxes or Assessments which the Tenant ought to bear and pay, in consideration of the Benefit be or she receives by such Lease, shall be adjudged and awarded by the said Commissioners of each of the said Districts, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting to be held for each of the said Districts by virtue of this Act, except in the Case of such Lease where there shall be an Agreement betwixt the Landlord and Tenant which of them shall pay such Rates or Assessments.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 45.- 735

XLI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said Lands and Grounds Lands untenant-shall at any Time after the passing of this Act he untenacted or unoccupied, or the Owner or Owners C<1 to be c, K,r^<* thereof shall not be found, so that no sufficient Distress can be made by levying the said Rdtes and vith the R*ics. Taxes, the Lands and Grounds chargeable therewith shall always remain a Security for Payment thereof, and all Arrears to grow due for the same; and all Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, which shall at any Time thereafter be found therein, shall and may be distrained, kept, appraised, and fold, in Manner aforesaid, until all Arrears of the said Rates or Taxes, and Charges attending the same, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XLII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Lands and Grounds liable to be taxed by virtue of this Act shall at any Time be untenacted or unoccupied, whereby no Lands

Distress can be taken for the Taxes in Arrear and then due, it shall and may be lawful for the said Unoccupied to respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby impowered, at a Meeting payiheRai* to be held for that Purpose within the District where such Lands lie, the Taxes whereof are so m Arrear, to let such Lands and Grounds so in Arrear, or so much thereof as they shall think necessary, to any Person or Persons they shall think proper, for the best Rent they can get for the same, and to pay and apply such Rent for which such Land shall be so let in Discharge of such Taxes and Arrears, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of such Lands and Grounds so in Arrear as aforesaid; and the said respective Commissioners shall and may have the like Powers and Remedies for recovering the Rent of such Lands so let, as other Landlords by Law now have,

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Comnvflionest the said Commissioners of the said First District, or any Seven or more of them, to borrow, take up, of the F,.rft and receive any Sum or Sums of Money that they shall think proper, upon the Credit of the Taxes D,n>ri<f*, 'm’ and Assessments in the said District, Four of whom to be real Owners of Lands within the said First ro^Money.^ District, and, by Writing under the Hands of any Five or more of them, to mortgage, charge, assign, convey, and incumber the Taxes or Assessments so to be assessed and levied, or any Part thereof, within the said First District, with and for the Repayment of the Sums so borrowed, with such Interest, at such Times, and with such Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption, as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners and the Persons so advancing the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Commissiontm the said Commissioners of the said Second District, or any Seven or more of them, to borrow, take up, and receive any Sum or Sums of Money that they shall think proper, upon the Credit of the poVered^o bap* Taxes and Assessments in the said District, Four of whom to be real Owners of Lands within the said row Money* Second DifLidt, and, by Writing under *he Hands of any Five or more of them, to mortgage, charge, afEgn, and convey or incumber the Taxes or Assessments so to be assessed and levied, or any Part thereof, within the said Second District, with and for the Repayment of the Sums so borrowed, with such Interest at such Times, and with such Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners and the Persons so advancing the same.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That such Monies shall be respectively and distinctly borrowed Money wrrow--for the Use of the said Two Districts respectively; and it shall be particularly set forth m every Security given for the Money so borrowed, that such Monies are so respectively borrowed for the Use of the said First or Second Distria as the Case shall be.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no more than the The Sum of Sum of One thousand Pounds shall be borrowed or owing at any One Time on the Credit or Security 10001 maybe of the Taxes or Assessments arising within the said First District, and that no more than the Sum of borrowed °n the Three thousand Pounds shall be borrowed or owing at any One Time on the Credit or Security of of'h* the Taxes or Assessments arising within the said Second District; and that the Tax on the said First th^FVrt D.fbi#, or Second District or Division shall not, during the Time any Principal or Interest Monies shall be and no more 9 due on the several Securities thereof, be less in any One Year than the said Sum of Sixpence, or One thm 3000]. on Shilling per Acre respectively, in which such Principal and Interest shall be respectively owing. the Ta.esof the

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Mortgages or Securities, Second DifUirt. so to be made, by the said Commissioners of the said Rates or Taxes arising within the said First or Securities to be Second District, shall and may be auig lable or transferable by Indorsements on the original Grant assignable by lu-thereof made, or otherwise, to any Person or Persons whatsoever; and the Person or Persons to whom such Alignment or Transfer shall be made, shall and may. from and after the same shall be so made, and entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, be well and sufficiently intitled to such Mortgage Money and Interest, and all the Monies due and to grow due thereon; which Entries are hereby required to be made on Request, upon producing such AfEgnment, and paying Two Shillings tofce

and Sixpence for every such Entry; and such Assignee or AfEgnees, and every other AlEgnee or pa^ for*Entry. AiEgnees, shall and may, in like Manner, by Indorsement, or otherwise, afEgn and make over such Mortgage or Mortgages, and Securities so alEgned as. aforesaid, and so toties quoties, as Occasion shall require, every such Assignment or Transfer being entered in such Book as aforesaid.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Taxes and Afll Aments Taxes chargt* raised within the said First or Second District by virtue of this Act, or so much thereof as shall be able with the assigned by the said respective Commissioners, shall be charged and chargeable with the Payment ot Monies borrow-the principal Money so to be borrowed by the Commissioners of the said First or Second District re- e4# spectively, and the Interest of such Money from Time to Time shall vest in the Creditors of such respective Districts, upon Default of Payment of such principal Money and Interest, until the lame,

736 C. 45. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

and every Part thereof, shall be fully fatrsfied and paid, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, respectively, shall have the same Powers, Rights, and Privileges of assessing, raising, and recovering the several Taxes and Assessments payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Grounds within the said Districts respectively, or so much thereof as shall be assigned by the said Commissioners for in respedi of such principal Money and Interest, in case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners and their Collectors and Receivers would have had* in case such principal Money and Interest had been regularly and fully satisfied and paid.

Application of

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising by virtue the Tw^Di-11 Act within the said First District, shall, in the First Place, be applied for and towards the

flrifli.J Payment of the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act, as herein after directed; and after the Payment thereof, for and towards the making all and Angular the several Banks, Drains Mills, Engines, and other Works herein mentioned and directed to be made within the said First District: And v the Mones arising by virtue of this Act within the said Second District, shall be applied, in the First Place, for and towards the Payment of the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act in Manner herein after directed; and after the Payment thereof, for and towards the making and fuporting all and Angular the several Banks, Drains, Mills, Engines, and other Works herein mentioned and directed to be made within the said Second District, and also to and for all such other Worlcs whatsoever within the said Second District, as the said Commissioners for the said Second District, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper to be made within the said Second District; and that the Monies ariAng by virtue of this Act, within the said Two Districts respectively, shall also be respectively applied to and for such joint Works, the Expence of which is directed to be jointly borne by the said Two Districts.

U files of Meth- L. And whereas it is agreed that the present Lessee of certain Lands in the said First District, called ronfide^ation of Mtthwold Several:y or any future Lessee or Owner thereof, his, her, or their Successors, Heirs, Exe-payingno Tax, cutors, Administrators, or Assigns, as long as they shall continue Lessees or Owners, and Proprietors to support the thereof, shall and will, at his and their own Costs and Charges, in confutation of paying no Rate B?«k of the or Tax rated or assess'ed by virtue of this Act, (except as to the Support and Maintenance of the Rim Stok*. Banks of Sams's Cut or Drain, and the said Sams's Cut or Drain, and Hunt's Sluice as aforesaid) maintain, support, and repair the said Bank of Stoke Rivery so far as the same runs and lies against the said Several: of Methwold aforesaid \ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said South Bank of Stoke River, so far as the same runs against the said

Lands, shall be deemed and taken as the particular Works of the said Lessee or LefTecs, O'-ner or Owners, and that he and they shall maintain, support, and repair the said Bank, of such an H.ight, Width, and Strength, as shall prevent the Waters running into or through the same, from ru.ining over or making any Breach or Breaches therein; and in case the said Lessee or Lessees, or Owner or In case the Owners of the said Lands, or any future Lessee or Lessees, or Owner or Owners thereof.

Banks of Stoke his^ her, o t their Successors, Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or his, her, or their

negicaed?the Tenant or Tenants, shall at any Time or Times, from and after the passing of this Act, Office s, so au- neglect or refuse to keep and maintain the South Bank of Stoke River, so far as the same runs against thorised, to re- the said Lands, of such sufficient Height and Strength, as to prevent toe Waters of the said River pair the Bank, from running over or beaking through the said Bank; and if the Waters thereof shall, at any lime &cPlhal^V<ilm, or Times a*ter l^e Piling of this Act, run over, or cause a Breach in the same, it shall and may be bur fed thdr€im" lawful for the Commissioners of the said Two Districts, or either of them, or any Five or more of Expences by the them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to authorise and impower the Surveyor or other JUei.ecs. Officer for either of the said Two Districts or Divisions to give Notice to the said Lelfoe or Lessees,

Owner or Owners of the said Lands, or any future Lessee or Lessees, or Owner or Owners thereof, his, her, or their Successors, Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, that the Waters of the said River are running over the said Bank, or that the said Bank is in Danger of being broke; and in case the said Lessee or Lessees, Owner or Owners, of the Lands, or any future Lessee or Lessees, Owner or Owners thereof, his, her, or their Successors, Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or Tenant or Tenants, shall neglect or refuse, upon such Notice, to employ proper Persons to prevent the Waters of the said River from running over or breaking through the said Bank, or in case such Waters shall actually run over the said Bank, or if any actual Breach or Breaches shall happen therein before such Notice be given, such Lessee or Lessees, Owner or Owners, or any future Lessee or Lessees, Owner or Owners, of the said Lands, shall neglect or refuse to flop and make up the same, it shall and may be lawful For such Officer or O.Rcers so autho-jifed as aforesaid, together with f such Workmen as he or they shall think proper to employ, to enter into and upon the said Lands and Grounds, and to make good and repair the said Bank, ani also to (lop such Breaches; and in order to enable them so to do, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Workmen, so employed as aforeLiJ, to dig and take Earth out of the said Lands called Methwold Scvcralsy for the raising and ilrcngther.ing the said Bank, and flopping such Breaches as alortlaid, and the Expences necessarily incurred therein shall be reimbursed by the said LelYce or Lessees, Owner or Owners, of the said Lands, or any future Lessee or Lessees, Owner or Owners thereof, his, her, or their Successors, Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Tenant or 7 enents; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, it shall and may be lawful for any Five or more of the Lid Commissioners for the said Two Districts respectively, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or either of them, to levy by Ditlrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, Owner or Owners, of such Lands and Grounds, as aforesaid, the Charges for

raising

737

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 45.

raising and repairing the said Bank, and of flopping and making up such Breaches, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, as aforesaid; and if the Tenant or Tenants of such Lands and Grounds shall, upon such Notice as aforesaid, raise and strengthen the said Bank, or flop and make up the said Breaches therein, at his, her, or their own Expence, or shall pay the Charges thereof, if done by Order of the said Commissioners, or in case such Charges and Expences shall be levied on him, her, or them, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Tenant or Tenants to deduct the same out of his or her Rent, and the Owner or Owners of such Lands and Grounds shall allow such Deduction, unless an Agreement in Writing shall be made to the Contrary between such Owner or Owners, and his, her, or therr Tenant or Tenants, in such and the same Manner as the Taxes paid by the Tenants are by this Act to be deducted and allowed: And if any Dispute shall arise touching the Amount of the Expences which shall have been incurred in raising and strengthening the said Bank, or in flopping or making up the said Breaches, such Disputes, and all Matters relating thereto, shall be finally settled and determined by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, in case the said Disputes shall happen in the said County, or if in the County of Suffolk, by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Suffolk, at the First or Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held by Adjournment for the said Counties of Norfolk, or Suffolk, at King's Lynn, S waff ham, or Saint Edmund's Bury aforesaid, as the Case shall happen, who are not interested in the Premises, without any further or other Appeal whatsoever.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of the Commissioner* said Two Distriftf? respectively, or the Commissioners acting by virtue of the said Ail of the Thir- sam^scut^nd tieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, or the Officers appointed by Hunt's sluice, them for that Purpose, shall, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, neglect or rtfufe to Lessees of Meth-open, scour, cleanse, and repair, the said Drain called Sams's Cut, and the said Sluice called Hunt's wold Several* Sluice, in Manner herein-before directed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lessee or Lessees of ,mP°wf"d to Methwold Severals aforesaid, or the Owners and Proprietors thereof, his or their Tenant or Tenants, Surveyor of the by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to authorise and impower the First District to’ Surveyor or other Officer for the f.tid First District or Division to give Notice in Writing to the said repair the same, Commissioners respectively, that the said Drain called Sams's Cut Drain, and Hunt's Sluice, are out of Repair (specifying in such Notice what Part of the said Works is out of Repair); and that if the Repairs thereof are not set about and finished within Five Days aftejr such Notice, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers so authorised by the said Lessee or Lessees, or Owner or Owners, or Tenant or Tenants thereof, to order and direct the said Drain, or such Parts thereof as shall be io out of Repair, and also the said Sluice called Hunt's Sluice, when out of Repair, to be opened, cleansed, feoured, and repaired, and the Person or Persons so authorised as aforesaid is and are hereby impowered to enter into and upon the said Drain and Sluice, and the Lands adjoining thereto, and employ Workmen to take Earth and other Materials, for repairing the same; and that the and the Expen §e Treasurer or Receiver of the said respective Commissioners shall, and he or they is and are hereby said c "mmif-required to pay the full Proportion of the Charges and Expences thereof, which is in and by this Act fion^s. directed to be borne by the said respective Commissioners, to such Person or Persons, on his and their producing proper Vouchers for the Money laid out and expended therein, within Twenty Days after Demand thereof made upon the said respective Treasurers or Receivers by such Person or Persons; and in case of Nonpayment thereof by such Treasurers or Receivers within the Time before limited for such Payment as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the In case of !*/n-Peace for the Counties of Norfolk or Suffolk, as the Case shall happen, upon Application made Payment, on to him by the Person repairing such Works, to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal im- jti^cc^the M° ! powering such Person or Persons to levy such Sum or Sums of Money so laid out as aforesaid by Dif- nrytobe levi-a* reel's and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds by Uittrcis. within the Limits aforesaid, lying next unto, or adjoining upon, the said Bank or Sluice respectively; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Occupier or Occupiers, whose Goods and Chattels are so distrained and fold, to deduct the Sum or Sums of Money by him or them so paid out of the Taxes die, and to grow due, to the said respective Commissioners for the said Lands and Grounds -where such Distress or Di ft relics shall be so made, any Thing herein or in the said Acts contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

LII. And whereas, for the more effectual draining the said Two Districts, it is thought expedient Commissioners to erect One or more Engine or Engines at the West End of Sams's Cut Drain aforesaid on each of the Two Dif-Side thereof, at Hunt's Sluice, to throw the Waters of the said Drain into the River Quze; be it en- 'S Two^ acted determined by the Authority aforesaid, Tharit shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said i.n, at Two Districts, and they are hereby respectively authorised, impowered, and required, within Twelve West End of Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, at their joint Costs and Charges, to erect, build, and Sams’s Cut, f t up, One Mill or Engine for throwing of Water at the said West End of Sams's Cut af.>refaiJ, on the North Side of Ham's Sluice aforesaid, to throw the Waters of the said Drain into the said River Ouze, of the Dimensions and Scantlings following; that is to say, Twenty-six Feet upon th? Polls thereof, with Length of Sail sufficient to carry not less than Thirty Feet of Cloth, and a Water Wheel not less than Twenty Feet Diameter, and a Bo:tom Cogg Wheel not) less than Sixteen f eet Diameter, together with Geers and Works suitable thereto; but in case the Commissioners of either of the said Two Districts, after the First of the said Engines shall be so erected as aforesaid, shall not think such Mill sufficient to answer the full Purpose of draining

738 C. 45. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

the said Lands and Grounds intended to be drained thereby, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them respectively, to order and direct One other Mill or Engine for throwing of Water not less than the Dimensions and Scantlings aforesaid, to be erected at the said West End of Sams's Cut aforesaid, on the South Side of Hunt's Sluice aforesaid, at the joint Costs and Charges of the Commissioners of the said Two Districts, for throwing the Waters thereof out of the said Drain into the said River Ouze; and that the said Engine or Engines, Mill or Mills, when erected in Manner aforesaid, shall be for ever after worked and repaired at the joint Expence of the said Commissioners, and shall be vested in the said Commissioners and LcfT.es of Methwold Severals aforesaid jointly; and, in order that such Mills may be erected to answer the full Purpose of Drainage, the said Commissioners, or any Five or moie of them, are hereby impowered to make Drains, and other Works, out of Sams's Cut aforesaid, into the said River Ouze.

Commissioner*

LIII. And whereas it may be expedient for the Commissioners of the said Second Distri<ft to have d fthe^C!n<i Liberty to erect One Mill or Engine for throwing of Water to throw the Waters thereof into Sams's erUT* Mill at ^ut Drain aforesaid; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the West End of the Commissioners of the said Second District, at their own Costs and Charges, at any Time after Sams’s Cut, for the said Mill or Mills shall be erected at the West End of Sims's Cut Drain aforesaid, to throw the the Benefit of Water thereof into the said River Ouze, but not before, and to erect, if they think proper such En-der a uinij* £*ne for benefit lhe laid Second District at or near Sam's Cut Drain, provided that such Engine mitationfa shall not exceec* the following Dimensions and Scantlings; that is to say, Twenty Feet high upon the Posts, and a Sail not to carry more than Thirty Fc't, and a Water Wheel Fourteen Feet Diameter, and no more, with proper and suitable Gears and Works thereto; and in case the said Commissioners of the said Second District shall order such Mill, when credicd, to be worked into Sams's Cut aforesaid* before the First of the said Mills directed to be eredkd at the West End thereof shall be compleated, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of the said First District to order such Mill to be stopped from working, until the said Mill, at the West End of Sams's Cut shall be completed.

Commissionert

LIV. And whereas the Lands to be drained by virtue of the said Act of the Thirtieth Year of His of Feltwell new late Majesty's Reign will be equally benefited by the Drain called Sims's Cut, and the Sluice called DistnA to pay Hunt's Sluice^ with the Lands to be drained by virtue of this Act, be it enacted by the Authority Pm S^iieRe- a^orc^a^> That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners under the said Act, and they, pair of Sami’s or Five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to pay, or cause to be paid, out of Cut. any of the Monies arising by virtue of the said Act, to the Commissioners acting for either of the said

Districts under this Act, or any Five or more of them, or to their respective Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of any Sum or Sums of Money as shall, from Time to Time, after the passing of this Act, be expended in scouring and widening the said Drain called Sams's £«/, or the said Sluice called Hunt's Sluice, as shall bear Proportion to the Number of Acres taxed by virtue of the said Act, and by this Act respectively; any Thing in the said Act to the Contrary notwithstanding.

HowCtmmiffi-

LV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Sum or Sums of Money so due from the said oner* may re- Commissioners acting under the said Act shall be unpaid for the Space of Twenty Days after Decoder Money mand made thereof from the Treasurer to the Commissioners under the said Act, by the Cotnmif-uopai<f. sioners of either of the Districts under this Act, or any Five or more of them, or their respective

Clerk or Treasurer, then such Sum or Sums of Money, so due and unpaid, shall and may be recovered by the said Commissioners of either of the said Distriils under this Act from the Commissioners under the said Act, by Action of Debt, Plaint, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One imparlance, shall be allowed.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in order to raise Money for defraying the Charge M^h^iaCom- repairing the said Bank by the said Commoners of Methwold Common, it shall and may be mon raise lawful to and for the Fen Reeves of Methwold aforesaid for the Time being, or any Two or Money to repair more of them, to let the Feed or Mowing of the said Bank, so to be separated and fenced o(F the Bank against from the said Common, and lying against the said River and Load, and also of the Piece Methwold Com- of Land or Common lying between the said Bank and the Soke Dike or Drain, for the mw* best Rent they can get for the same, either from Year to Year, or for any Term not exceeding

Three Years; and also to tax and charge the Owners of any Cattle with which the said Common shall he flocked, or which (h ill be going and fed thereon at any Time between Lady Day and Michaelmas Day, old Stile, in each Year, except such Cattle as shall be under the Age of One Year, with an equal and proportionable R*te, according to the Number of such Cattle belonging to each and every Owner; and in case the said Rate shall not be paid by any such Owner within Five D-ys after the Day appointed for such Payment, by Notice in Writing affixed on tr\e Church Door of Methwold aforesaid, then it (h *11 and may be lawful for any Five or more of the Commissioners for the said District, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to the said Fen Reeves, or any Two or more of them, to levy the same on the Goods and Chattels of any Owner so making Default of Payment, by Distress and Sale of such Goods and Chattels, together with the reasonable Charges of obtaining such Warrants, and of taking, keeping, and felling the Goods and Chattels so distrained, to be afiertained by the said Commissioners granting such Warrant, rendering the Overplus on Demand to such Owner; and all such Money as shall be raised by any of the Ways and Means as aforesaid shall be applied by the said Fen Reeves to the Repair of the said Bank, and to no other Purpose whatsoever.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 45. 739

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Fen Revees shall neglect or refuse, within If FenReevei Ten Days after Notice to them given by the Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, of the said ^0,ePa,r Several!r, to repair the said Bank, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lessee or Lessees, fe£o£veral* Tenant or Tenants, of the said Severally or the said Commissioners of the said First District, or maydoit. any Five or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby impowered to repair the said Bank, and to levy the Costs and Charges of such Repairs by Distress and Sale of any Cattle (locked on the said Common, betwixt Lady Day old Stile, and Michaelmas Day old Stile, in the same Manner as the Fen Reeves are hereby impowered to repair the said Bank, and to levy the Costs and Charges thereof.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, of the Land# of Mr. said Severally or the said Commissioners for the said First District, shall erect any Mill or Engine, so *c*

as to drain the said Severally then the Lands belonging to William Tokelovey Arthur Anmjley, the Re- j"a^he verend Henry Greene, Robert Clough, and John Drage, or their Heirs or Assigns, lying on the North erected by the Side of Sams's Cut aforesaid, and adjoining upon the said Severally shall and may uptin Application to Leafesof the Se-the said Lessee or LelVees of the said Severals, his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, or to the Com- veril*. missioners of the said First District, or any Five or more of them, be drained by such Mill or Engine, they the Owners of the said Lands, their Heirs or Assigns, paying, or causing to be paid yearly and every Year, to the said Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, of the said Severals, One Shilling for each and every Acre of such Lands so drained, so long and for such Time as such Lands shall be so drained, and no longer.

LIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the M*. Annefl*y, said Lessee or Lessees of the said Severally his, her or their Tenant or Tenants, and for the said Ar- ot£r Jt'^ake thur Annejley, Henry Greene, Robert Clough, and William Tokelovey or any of them, to make Tunnels, Tunnel* next at their own Expence, out of th ir said Land lying next Sams's Cut Drain aforesaid, to carry the Waters Sam«'*Cut. off their said Lands into the said Drain, if they shall think proper.

LX. And whereas the present Owner or Proprietor, or Owners or Proprietors, of certain Lands in Owner*officgg the said First District called Fleg Fen, East Feny and North Feny leading; to Helgay Bridge aforesaid, Fentosupport have agreed, at his and their own Costs and Charges, in consideration of their being exempted from *_South Bank the Payment of any Rite or Tax rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, except the Rate or Tax of Stoke River. Sixpence an Acre for the Support and Maintenance of the Banks of Sams's Cut or Drain and Hunt's Sluicey as aforesaid, to maintain, support, and repair the said South Bank of Stoke River from the End of Methlucid Severals aforesaid, at a certain Dike.called King's Dike to a certain Bridge in Helgay aforesaid called Helgay Bridge, in the several Proportions following; that is to say. The Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, cal’ed Flegg Fen and East Fen, at their Costs and Charg s to support, maintain, and repair the said South Bank of Stoke Rivery from King's Dike aforesaid to the East Side of a certain Piece of Land called The Thoroughfare Piece in Helgay aforesaid, being the Property of James Gallaway of Ely, Gentleman, at the hank of the said Matthew Pepper Manly, including the said Bank and the Residue of the said South Bank 10 Helgay Bridge aforesaid, to be supported, main* tained, and repaired by me several Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands called The North Fen or IVetfide Partly in Helgay aforesaid; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passin* of this Act, the said South Bank of Stoke Rivery from the End of Methwold Severals aforesaid, at King's Dike aforesaid, to Helgay Bridge aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken as the particular Works of the said Owners, and th.y are hereby directed and required to maintain, support, and repair the said Bank of such an Height, Width, and Strength, as shall prevent the Waters running into or through the same from running over, or making any Breach or Breaches therein; and in case the said Owner or Owners of the said Lands, or any future Owner or Owners thereof, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, shall at any Time or Times, from and after the passing of this Act, neglect or refuse to keep and maintain the said South Bank of Stoke Rivery as aforesaid, of such fufHcienr Height and Strength, to prevent the Waters of the said River from running over or breaking through the said Bank; and if the Waters thereof shall i,c*kthtB*nlc*> at any Time or Times hereafter run over or break through the same, it shall and may be lawful for of Stoke River. the Commissioners of either of the said Two Districts, or any Five or more of them, and for the Lessee by Flegg Fen are or Lessees, or the Owners and Proprietors of Methwold Severals aforesaid, his, her, or their Tenant n<rgkae<hMe-or Tenants, by Writing under his and their Hands and Seals, to authorise and impower 1 Com' the Surveyor or other Officer for either of the said Two Districts or Divisions to give Notice to °n* the said Owner or Owners of the said Lands, or any future Owner or Owners thereof, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, that the Waters in the said River is running over the said Bank, or that the said Bank is in Danger of being broke thereby; and in case the said Owner or Owners of the said Lands or any future Owner or Owners thereof, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or Tenant or Tenants, shall neglect or refuse upon such Notice to employ proper Persons to prevent the Water of the said River from running over or breaking through the said Bank, or if the said Waters shall actually run over the said Bank, or any actual Breach or Breaches shall before such Notice be made' therein, and such Owner or Owners, or any future Owner or Owners of the said Lands, shall neglect or refuse to (lop and make up the same, it shall and may be ltwful for such Officer or Officers, so-authorised as aforesaid, or for the Lessee or Lessees, Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, of Alttb* wold Severals aforesaid, together with such Workmen as he or they fh ill think proper to employ, to-enter into and upon the said Lands and Grounds, and to make goxi and repair the said Bank, and also to stop such Breaches \ and in order to enable them so to do, it shall and may be lawful to and for

such

740 C. 45.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

1) ^r^fs on Nonpay sncnf.

Tenant* repairing the Bank may deduct the £*pence out of

tiicu Kent.

I^iTces of Meth-wold Sewerall to ere£l One JEngine for throwing Water into Stojtc River.

such Workmen so employed as aforesaid to dig and take Earth out of the said Fen called FIcgg Feny Ea/l Fnand North Fen, in Helgay aforesaid, for the railing and {lengthening the (V.d Bank, and Hopping such Breaches, as aforesaid; and the Expences necessarily incurred therein shall be reimbursed by the said Owner or Owners of the said Lands, of any future Owner or Owners thereof, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, Tenant or Tenants; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, it shall and may be lawful for any Five or mo;c of the said Commissioners for the said Two Dhlridls respective- ly, by Warrant under their Hand and Seals, to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, Owner or Owners, of such Lands and Grounds as aforesaid, the Charges of railing and repairing the said Bank, and of (lopping or making up such Breach or Breaches, rendering the Overplus, if any, to such Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, as aforesaid: And if the Tenant or Tenants of such Lands and Grounds shall, upon such Notice as aforesaid, raise and ilrengthen the said Bank, and (top and make up the said Breaches therein, at his, her, or their own Expences, or shall pay the Charges thereof, if done by the Order of the said Commissioners, or in case such Charges and Expences shall be levied on him, her, or them, by Distress and Sale of his, her, and their Goods and Chattels, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Tenant or Tenants to deduct the same out of his or her Rent; and the Owner or Owners of such Lands and Grounds is and are hereby required to allow such Deduction, unless an Agreement in Writing shall be made to the contrary between such Owner or Owners and his and their Tenant or Tenants, in such and the same Manner as the Taxes paid by the Tenants are by this Act 'to be deduced and allowed; and if any Dispute shall arise touching the Amount of the Expences which shall have been incurred in railing and {lengthening the said Bank, or in {lopping or making up the said Breaches, such Disputes, and all Matters relating thereto, shall be finally settled and determined in such and the same Manner as the Disputes arising between the Owners of Lands in Methwold Several and the said Commissioners are herein-before directed to be finally settled and determined, and ill tio other Manner whatsoever.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lessee or Lessees of Methwold Severals aforesaid, or any future Lessee or Lessees thereof, his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, and he and they is and are nereby authorised and impowered, at any Time or Times, as he or they shall think proper, after the passing of this Act, at his, her, and their own Costs and Charges, to ere£l One Mill or Engine for throwing of Water upon or near the South Bank of Stoke Rivet* aforesaid, in such Part of the said Sever .1$ as he or they shall think proper, and that the Waters of the said Severals shall and may be thrown, conveyed, and carried by such ILngine into the said River called Stoke River, in order that the same may be conveyed through the said River to the River Ouze, and from thence to the Sea; any Law, Statute, Power, ULge, or Culiom, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

PafTapesmay be

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners ^al(* shall, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Avfl, make a Bank in

- " the said Methwold Severals next Methwold Common aforesaid, it shall and may he lawful for the present

' Lessee or Lessees of the said Severals, or any future Lessee or Lefties thereof, his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, to make Roads or Passages across the said Bank, in such Places as he or they shall think proper, in order for their passing over the same with Horses, Carts, and Carriages, to their said Lands; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that in case the Commissioners of the said Second District, or the Officers appointed by them for that Purpose, shall, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, neglect or refuse to heighten, {Lengthen, and repair the ILnks to repair Wilton of IFUton Load and Brandon River aforesaid, being the outward Boundary of the said Distfi.% whereby I«oad and the Waters of the said Load or River shall run over the same, or any Breach or Breaches shall happen Kraru;on River, therein, or in any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said First L)if-Commissioners trj& or Division, or any Five or more of them, or for the Lessee or Lessees, Owner, Proprietor, or Tenant, Owners, Proprietors, or Tenants, of the said Lands called Methwold Severals, or any of them, or for any Person or Persons appointed by them, or citrier of them respectively, to heighten and repair such Banks, or make up such Breach or Breaches, in the heft Manner they can; and the

Person or Persons so appoint- d by them, or any of them, are hereby impowered to enter upon the

Lands and Grounds lying and adjoining to the said Banks respectively, and to employ Workmen to take adjoining Earth from such Lands for the raising and repairing Banks respectively, or the making up such Breach or Bleaches; and that the Treasurer or Receiver of the said Commissioners of the said SeconJ Distiidi shall, and he or they is and are hereby required to pay the full Charges and Expenas thereof to such Person or Persons, on his or their producing proper Yrouchers for the Money laid out and expended therein, within Twenty Days after Demand thereof made upon the said Treasurers or Receivers by such Person or Persons; and in case of Nonpayment thereof by such Treasurers or Recovers within the Time before limited for such Payment as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the said First District or Division, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to recover the same against such Treasurers or Receivers, by Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at If/ejiminster; in which no

Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, for each

Bank that may be made in Methwold Severals,

In case the

CommiHiomrs of the Second Distnrt neg!e£l

my compel.

Earth may be -taken from Commons, g'iUS,

t.

A. t), 1773^ Anno decifrfo‘tertiio Ceorgiifll.

-each of the said Distri&s, to cut, dig, gather, take* and carry sfway, or cause to be cut, dug, gathered, taken, and carried away, any Materials proper for repairing the several Hants within the said Two

45- 741

Distrifls respectively, in> upon, out of, or from, any River, Brook* Washca, Waste, or Common, in any Parish, Town, or Place, in, adjoining ^o, or lying near, the said Banks, without paying any Thing for the fajne*; and if a Quantity of Materials, sufficient for that Purpose cannot be found

in or upon any such River, Brook, W'ashes, Waste, or Commop, then, by Order of the said respect' tiv£ Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away, or cause to be digged, cut, gathered, taken, and carried away, any Quantity of Materials proper and sufficient for that Puppose, in, upon, out of, or from, any of the Lands or Gtounds of aqy Person within the Boundaries of this Act, or within any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, (except the Common’ ExcePti0d»* t ailed Northwcld Common, next to Methwold Load and Stoke River, or on the North Side of the said River), where the same may be had or found, to be used towards repairing the said Banks respectively*, such Lands and Grounds not being a Yard, walled Garden, Park, Paddock, Wood, Coppice, Nursery, planted Walk, or Avenue rto any House, they the said Surveyors or other Officers paying or rendering a reasonable Composition to the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for such Materials, and for the Damage done by carrying the same over their Grounds; and in case of any,

Difference, between the said Commissioners respectively* or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officers, and any of the said Owners or Occupiers, any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place, where the same shall happen, foot interested in the Premises), shall and may, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing to be given by any such Surveyor to such Owner or Occupier, or by such Owner or Occupier to such Surveyor or other Officer, to be left at their respective Places of Abodes with some or One of their respective Families, bear, settle, and determine the Matter of the said Damages; and that the Determination of such Justices shall be final to the said Parties, without any Appeal therefrom.

LXV. Provided nevertheless, s^nd be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to To prevertt-oon impower the Commissioners of the said Second District to dig or take Earth out of the said Lands of Sir tin? Ear,h. Simeon Stuart Baronet, called Northdoudy next Brandon River aforesaid, for repairing the Bank of the said River, except in Times of Flood, or when Earth cannot be cut out of the Floors or Washes of particular the said River, at which Time it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to take Earth Times, out of the said Lands for the Purposes aforesaid, but at no other Times whatsoever j any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Earth shall be taken by the said Commissioners No Earth to be from any of the Lands of the said Matthew Pepper Manlyt but only for the Purpose of repairing the taken from the Banks already made by the said Matthew Pepper Manby.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Commissioner* said Commissioners, who are Justices of the Peace, to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of *y aft a* this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners. Justices.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commis- proceedings to sioners, or any of them* at any Meeting to be held for the said Two Districts respectively, shall be j>e entered in entered in distinct Books, to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings Book,# so entered, shall be signed by Five or more of the said Commissioners respectively so assembled at such Tvleetings* and being To signed, shall be deemed and taken to be Originals; and all such Books, and also the Books hereby directed to be kept for registering the Securities, Alignments, and Transfers, shall and may be read as Evidence on all Trials at Law, of any Suits or Actions touching any Thing <ione in relation to, or in pursuance of, this Act.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Order which shall be made by the said Com- Orders not to missioners, or any of them respectively, at any of their Meetings for each respective District by virtue r ever fed, but of this Act, shall be altered* reversed, annulled,'or made void, at any subsequent Meeting, unless tha'^uToTe Nine or more Commissioners be present, and Seven or more of the said Commissioners be*real 1 at urpoc* Owners of Lands in the said Two Districts respectively, and con fen ting thereto, nor unless Ten ’

Days Notice in Writing be affixed on the Church or Chapel Doors of Helgay, MdhzvoldFeltwell Saint Mary, and Hockwold with I Villon aforesaid, in which said Notice the Intent and Design of such Meeting shall be declared; and that every Ordef for executing the Powers of this Act shall be made at a Meeting of the said respective Commissioners, to be held in such Manner as is herein-before authorised and appointed, and not otherwise, except only as to the granting Precepts or Warrants for levying Taxes, which shall and may be granted and signed by such respective Commissioners for the said Two Districts respectively* in Manner herein-before directed, whenever the same shall be necessary and required.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Felony on burn-wilful ly and maliciously burn, cut. break down, destroy, or advise, counsel, or hire, any Person to »«g of Mil;*, *c. burn, cut, breakdown* or otherwise destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Flood-gate, or Sluice, already erected* supported, maintained, or used, or hereafter to be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used, within the Limits aforesaid, for the Purpose of draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the same; every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of.

Felony; and the; Court by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted shall, and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Felons for Seven Ye2rc, in such Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws of this Realm.

tfenafty on* destroying-the Work!.

C. 45. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 177S'-

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any- Pfcrfbn or Persons shall wilfulfy or maliciouffy flop* dam, or break down, demolish, damage, or destroy, or cauft, procure, or hire, any Person to dam up, break down, demolish, damage, or destroy any River, Drain' or Watercourse, Door, Dam, Bridge, Heading, or other Work or Works already made, cut, orerected, or which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be making, cutting, or erecting, or made, cut, erected, supported, maintained, or used, so* answering the Purpose of draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Limits aforesaid; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County er Place where such Offence shall be committed', not' interested therein, every such Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuclv Justice or Justices, and* to be applied and disposed of in the Improvement of the Works of the District' where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, and not elsewhere; and for want of sufficient Distress., such Offender or Offenders shall be committed by such Justice or Justices to the House of Correction of the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of One Calendar Month without Bail or Mainprize, or until such Penalty shall be paid.

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, may, and they are hereby impowered, out of the Monies arising in each respective District under this Act, to make such Allowances for the catching or destroying Moles or other Vermin within the Two Districts respectively as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or More of them, shall think proper.

LXXIII. And whereas it frequently happens, by the Negligence or Carelessness of Servants, or other Persons, employed in burning Fen Lands, in order to their being converted into Tillage, that the Banks lying contiguous to such Lands are burnt and damaged by the Fire being suffered to remain too long on such Lands, and thereby extending to such Banks; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who shall be employed in burning any of the Lands and Grounds lying within the Limits aforesaid shall, by Carelessness or Negligence, set Fire to or burn, or cause to be fired or burned, any of the Banks lying near or adjoining to any of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, so as such Banks be by Means of such Fire destroyed or damaged, such Person or Persons, being thereof convicted by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by Confeffiort, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Liberty where such Offence shall be committed, not interested in the Premises, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer, and also to hear and determine the said Offence), shall give such Recompence or Satisfaction to the said Commissioners for the Damage done Ux the said Banks, as such Justice or Justices shall think reasonable; such Damage and Recompence to, be paid by such Offender or Offenders, within such Time as by such Justice or Justices shall be thought reasonable, into the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers for the Time being appointed by this Act r.>r that District where such Offence shall be committed, to be applied by him for and towards the repairing and amending such Banks in the District where the same shall happen; and in case of Non-fuayment thereof, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chanels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall, hv such Justice or Justices, be committed to the common Gaol for the County or Liberty where such Offence shall be committed, for any Time such Justice or Justices shall appoint, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until such Damage or Recompence shall be paid.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall drive any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, upon any of the Banks already made, or hereafter to be made, within the Boundaries of this 1 *g Carrufccioa Act, unless such Bank be made upon a common Road-way, and sufficient for Passage of such Wag-tue Banks. gon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not be left along the Side of such Bank, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings; to be recovered, levied, and applied, as the Penalty against the digging of Turf is by this Act directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

Penalty of to I.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall on Persons dif- C.IC&, set itufe, or work any Horse Mill, Gig, Engine, or other Device whatsoever, for draining or discharging the Water from any Lands in the said Two Distri<fts through or upon the Lands of any other Person or Persons, or in any other Manner than directly from the Lands of the respective Owner of such MiH, Gig, Engine, or other Device, other than into the said Rivers of Brandon and Stoke aforesaid, every Person so discharging the said Water, (other than as aforesaid), shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Person suing for the same, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Receiver or Collector for the Time being within the District where such Mill, Gig, Engine, or other Device, shall be erected, and to be applied for the Purpose of draining, imbanking, and improving the Laid Fen Lands and Low Ground's in the said" District: And the Owner of such Mill, Gig, Engine, or other Device, shall also make such Compensation and Satisfaction to all And every Person or Persons as shall be Injured thereby, for the Damages such Persons shall thereby sustain; and such Penalty, Compensation, and Satisfaction, shall be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at 14 eftmiyiJUr^ in which no Essoin* Protection* Privilege, Wager of Law, ox more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed;

A* tX

Mole-ciuhiflg*

finally on Person burning Banks.

ic> s. Per.iS’y c-n PerUxH drir-

c^arging the Water up«»n cthrr Per foot Lauds.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 45. 743

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty of *tit or dig any Turves, Hods, or Sefies, ini the said Fea Lands and Lqw Grounds, within the Distance °.n fcf Sixty-six Feet from any Banks which are already madQy or shall be made, by virtue of this Act, J^tlwiankifc every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Rod of such Turf,

Hods, or Sefibs, so cut and dug, and if any Person or Persons shall make, or cause to be made, or cut and DS V Pen",fy any Watering Places, or any Place of Access-for Cattle to drink, in the said Rivers of Brandon, Stikc* wat7nngU-~ or Sams's Cut or Drainy within Twenty Feet of the Seat of the said Banks, or in any MiO piacCS for CaiL JJrain, within any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds hereby intended, to be drained and tic to drink, preferred, every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds:

And if any Person or Persons who shall make, or cause bo be made, any Soak. Dike or Ditch, or Soak Gripple, in or upon any of the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Difiance of Thirty Feet from the Seat of any Bank now made, or hereafter to* be made, within the Limits aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Four-pence for every Foot in Length of such Soak Dike or Grippie, and after the same Rate for every Month such Soak Dike or Gripple shall remain unfilled, after Notice given in Writing by the Clerk or Agent to the said respective Commissioners to such Person or Persons who shall have dug, or caused to be digged the same: And the said respective , or any Five or more of them, shall have full Power at any Time, at- '

the Costs and Charges- of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of such Lands wherein such Soak Dike or Gripple shall be made, to fill up and level the same; all which-Forfeitures shall, upon Conviction, of the Offender or Offenders, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the County or Liberty where such Offences shall happen, not inberested in the Premises, on the Oath of One or more witness or Witnesses, (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is-and are hereby impowered and required to administer, and also to hear and determine the said Offence), be immediately paid inta the Hands of the Treasurer of the said District where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied for carrying on the Works thereof; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, such Forfeitures shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall be made; and for want of such fuffeient Distress, such Offenders shall, by such Justice or Justices, be committed to the House of Conedion for the County or Liberty where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for my Time such Justice or Justices shall order and direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be paid.

LXXVII. Proviucti always, and be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no No Buildings t* Houses or Buildings, or any other Obstruction whatsoever, shall be erected, or Trees or Holts plant- bu, it near ik+ cd, either within the said Two Districts respectively, or either of them, or on the Outside thereof, near or opposite to any Mill or Engine already built, erected, or employed, or hereafter to be built, erected, or employed, for dfaining the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Limits aforesaid, than Fifty Poles, (being the Pole of Eighteen Feet); and if any Person or Persons shall build or ered any penalty, House, Barn, or other Obstruction, within any less Distance than Fifty Poles, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such House, Barn, or Building, the Sum of One Hundred Pounds; to be recovered in like Manner as the Penakies herein-before mentioned for erecting Horse Mills, Gigs,r Engines, and other Devices for throwing off Water; for every Tree the Sum of One Shilling, and Five Pounds, for every Holt or other Obstruction so planted; which said Penalties of One Shilling and Five Pounds for the Offences aforesaid, are to be levied and paid in like Manner 2s the Penalties i-n&ided for cutting Hods, Turves, or Sesses, within Sixty-six Feet of the said Banks, and the said jespective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered, at any of their Meetings, by 2n Order under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of them, to direct their respective Agents or Servants to take down such Buildings so erected, and pull up and remove such Trees, Holts, and other Obstruction* so planted, contrary to this Act.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Trees or Holts ace now growing within 'Ufcresnowpow-the Distance of Fifty Poles (the Pole being of Eighteen Feet) from any Mill or Engine already bailt, inp, may b* or hereafter to be builf, within the Limits aforesaid, it shall and may he lawful for the Commissioners removed*. of the said Two Districts respectively, or any Five or more of them, b>Lke Order, under their Hands and Seah, to order the same to be cut up and pulled down as if the same hacTbe^n planted after the passing of this Act, making such Satisfaction to the Owners of such Trees and Holts as shall be agreed upon between such Owner and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them respectively; and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise between the said Commissioners and such Owner touching-such Satisfaction, and the lame cannot be settled between them, then such Recompense and Satisfaction shall be finally determined in such and the same Manner as is herein-before mentioned and prescribed for ascertaining the Recompence to be irade for Damage by making and erecting any Work in pursuance of this Act.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Dikes, &c. to Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Lands lying within the Boundaries aforesaid, through be icmrcd. which any Drove-way, Dike, Outring Dike, or Division Dike, leading to any of the Mil!

Drains within the said Two Districts respectively, do or shall pass, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to road, scour, cleanse, open, or repair any such Dike, or to make the same of the Depth of Four Feet, and the Width of Nine Feet at the least. after Fourteen Days Notice in Writing to him, her, or them given, from Time to Time, by the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the the said Two Districts respectively for that Purpose, then it shall and may be lawful,

(tom Time to Time for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to cause such Dikes to

744

Wills to be in* fwed*

Janicc3 to 3dmi4 jailer Oaths.

Borm of Conviction.

Cr>p vi,f! inns not :cinyveab!e.

If Plaintiff recover to have lull Coils. Plaintiff not to recover if Ten* der made.

How Penalties, may be levied.

Writings to be iwuhout St amfj.

2. 45. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

be roaded, scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired and deepened, in a sufficient Manner of the Width* aforesaid, at the proper Costs, Charges, and Expences of such Owners or Occupiers; and that, where-ever a Road or Way shall have beep made over or across any such Dike without a sufficient Tunnel lying the rein, to cause such Ways or Roads, to be taken up, and such Dike to be made of a proper Width and Depth, for conveying the Waters through the same to the several Mills or Engines erected, or to be erected, for draining the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and by a Warrant or Precept, under the Hands of Three or more of the said respective Commissioners, to levy alk such Charges and Expences as shall be occasioned by deepening and widening the said Dikes, or taking up the said Roads, on the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Lands through* which the said Dikes shall pass, or to which they shall be contiguous, and who shall make or cause to be made, such Road as aforesaid.

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall cause all and every the Engines and Mills which shall be erected and employed by virtue of this Act to be infored against Fire in some of the publick Insurance Offices, and, from Time to Time, to pay the Expence attending, such Lnfurances out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That in all.cases.wherein Jurisdiction is given to any Justice or Justices of the Peace by this Act* it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath to any Person for his or their more certain Information in the Matters depending; and; that any Justice of the Peace may ad as such in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding his being a Commissioner, except in Cases where he shall be personally interested*

LXXXII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction. of Offenders against this Act, be it enacted by, the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace, before, whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act shall ancFmay cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, as the Case shall, happen* or in any other Form, of Words to the same Efted:

County \J$E it remembered, That on the Day in the

of y Year of His Majestys Reign, A.B. is convicted before of His.

Mfejlys ju/lices of the Peace for by virtue of an Act of the Thirteenth Tear of'

the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, For draining and preserving certain Fen v Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, u commonly called Bedford Level, between the old Rivers or Drains called Stoke River and! Brandon River and axertain Level or District called Feltwell New District, and the Hard\ Lands of Wood hall in Helgay and Helgay, in this Counties. ^Norfolk, and.Suffolk" \-[specifying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case shall be]. Given under our Hands and Seals, [or Hand and Seal], the Day and Year aforesaid.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Ovder made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any other Proceedings, to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Pro-*, cess whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LXXXIV. Provided always, That where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action, he, she, or they, shall be paid his, her, or their full Costs of Suit, and have the like Remedies for. recovering the same as for the recovering Costs in any other Case by Law*

LXXXV. Provided also, That no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for any Irregularity, if Tender of good and sufficient Amends shall have been made by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought, nor if such Tender of Amends shall be made at any Time-after the Action brought, and between Trial thereof, together with Costs. of Suit to the Time of: such last-npentioned Tender; but on Proof made of such Tender on. any Trial to be had in fuc^ Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall suffer 'Judgement as in Cases of* Nonsuit, with Double Costs to be recovered in the same Manner as any Defendant or Defendants may recover Costs in any other Case by Law. N

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, (instead of levying the Penalties by this Act particularly imposed, and pcocecding against the Offender or Offenders in the summary Manner herein-before provided), may, at their Lledtion, prefer and prosecute with Effect, a Bill or Bills of Indictment against such Offender or Offenders, or may bring an Action or Actions in the Names of any Two or more of thfm, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Nomination, Appointment, Mortgage, Assignment, or othcF Security for borrowing Money, Contract, Agreement, Information, Conviction, Judgement, Warrant, or other Writing, under the Hand or Hands, Hand and Seal, or Hands and' Seals, of any Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, in pursuance of any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act vested in such Commissioner oc Commissioners, Justice or Justices of the Peace, nor any Transfer of any Mortgage, Security, nor any Bond taken from any Officers, ox his Sureties, in pursuance of this Act, for the dup Execution,

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 45. 745

ef his Office, nor any other Writing whatsoever, concerning the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, That no Assessment, Rate, or Tax, shall, during the First Seven Land* dag info Years after making and parting this Act, be made, collected, or levied, upon any Lands which are now e^pted fir 7 dug out into Hod or Turf Pools, and shall He unoccupied; but in case any Lands so dug as afore- Years, unless 7 foid shall be occupied, or if any Turf shall be dug therein, or other Use made thereof, during the occupied, tee. said Term of Seven Years, then the same shall be assessed, rated* and charged, for the Remainder of and then to pay the said Term, with One Half of the Rates and Taxes per Acre wherewith the other Fen Lands in °ne HaAl Rates* the said District shall be charged by virtue of this Act.

[Exemption.]

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Rate or Tax shall be charged on the Lands lying against the North Bank of Brandon Rivery in the said Second District, that now are, or hereafter shall be cut up, into-Floors or Floor-work, for repairing the said Bank within the Width of Seventy-two Feet from the Fence Dike lying under the said Bank.

XC. And whereas the Proprietors of the several Lands and: Grounds frequently cut up the same To prevent cat.

into Firing, and sell the same, whereby the Value of the said Lands so rated are fi> much lessened ting of Firing,

that the Rates and Taxes charged thereon cannot be levied and raised, whereby the Security of the said Taxes become of Jess Value to the several Person Persons advancing Money thereon be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, being Owner or Proprietor of any of the Lands or Grounds contained in the said Two Districts respectively, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, dig or cut up. any of the said Lands or Grounds, into Firing for Sale, such Owner or Owners of such Lands shall, within One Calendar Month after the same shall have been so dug or cut up into Firing as aforesaid, pay to the said Commissioners of the said Two Districts respectively after the Rate of Thirty Years Purchase of the said Rates or Taxes so charged upon the said Lands or Grounds which shall be so dug up as aforesaid; and in case the said Owners or Proprietors shall neglect or refuse to pay the same within One Calendar Month after the same shall have been so dug up for the Purposes aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Two Districts, or any Five or more of them, assembled at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose respectively, to order and direct the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, of the said Two Districts respectively to recover the same by Distress and Sale of the Firing so cut, in such and the same Manner as the said Rates and Taxes are hereby, recoverable; and the said Sum or Sums of Money, (b to be paid and recovered as aforesaid, shall be applied by the said Commissioners of» the said Two Districts respectively to the respective Purposes of the said Two Districts.

XCI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Commissioners, or Commissioner* any Five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, to set up and may ereflStil erect, and for ever repair and maintain, such Stiles* Headings,.and other proper Fences, in and upon- &c* such of the Banks as shall be made by virtue of this Act, as are necessary to fence in and inclose the separate Property of every Person whose Lands are lying contiguous to or upon the said Banks, so as the Property of one Person shall not be open to the Property of another; and if it shall happen that any of the Mill Drains, made, or to be made, by virtue of this Act, shall be made or cut through any of the whole Lands or Farms within the said Two Districts respectively, whereby the Road or Passage to such Farm Lands shall be (topped, the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required, to make and lay over such Mill Drain One Bridge, for a Road and Passage of such Owner or Proprietor with Horsea, Carts, and Carriages, to such Farm and Lands as aforesaid; and the Expence of making, setting up* erecting, and maintaining, such Bridges, Stiles, Headings and other Fences, shall be paid and defrayed out of the Monies arising in the District where such Works shall be made.

[Toprerent

XCII. And in order to prevent the Mill Drains or Banks, within the said Two Districts respectively from being broke down, filled up, or damaged, by any Person or Persons hailing of Boats ^a,hng Bo* upon the said Banks, or down the said Drains, with Men, Horses, or other Beasts; be it enacted by e

the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of the said Two Districts respectively, or for any Officer by them to be appointed by virtue of this Act, at any Time after the passing of this Act, to lay, or cause to be laid, Booms or Spars across the said Mill Drains; and to erect, or<aul*e to be erected, across the said Banks, such Works, as they the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, to prevent the Passage of such Boats through such Mill Drains or the hailing of such Boats, by Men, Horses, or other Beasts, along the said Banks: And in case any Person or Persons shall break down or take up the said Booms, Penalty,

Spars, or other Works, so laid across the said Drains and Banks^ for the Purposes aforesaid, any Person or Persons so breaking down or taking up the same, shall forfeit and pay to the Commissioners respectively of such District where the said Offence shall be committed any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings; to be recovered, levied, and applied, in such and the same Manner, as the Penahie^for destroying other Works within the Boundaries aforesaid are herein directed Lo be recovered, levied, and applied.

XCIII. And whereas it is found expedient*, and agreed, that the Bank called Cross Bank (which The Pcmmif- separates the Lands and Grounds io the Lands directed to be drained by virtue of the said Act of Gorers of F« Jr- the Thirtieth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second from the Lands and Grounds com- *cl1 to prised in the Second District in this ActJ shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter be BanV

well and .(Sufficiently, supported*. maintained, and repaired, at the Expence, Cofb, and Charges, of

~ 4 the

746 C. 45.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Piftrcfs on CHvners for the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and1 of »rrd by the Commissioners acting by»

virtue of and under the said Act.;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the.

passing of this Act, the said Rank, called. Crffi Bank, which separates and divides the said Linds from the Lands and Grounds comprised in the said Second District rn this Act mentioned, so far as the* laid B«ink goes, from the Beginning to the End thereof* shall be deemed* and taken to be the proper Bant: of the Commissioners acting by Virtue of and under the said Act 7 and the said Commissioners. are hereby directed and retired to maintain*,support, and repair, the said Bank called Cross Bank, of such Height, Width, and Strength, as shall prevent the Waters running over or making any Breach or Breaches in or about the same,: And’ in case the Lid Commissioners acting by vir-

Oi Neglect of tue of and under the said Act, or their Successors, shall, at any Time or Times, after the passing lhc l*s Act, nc&Kct refuse to keep, support, and maintain, all the said Bank called Cross Bank,

u4 an. from the Beginning thereof, so far as it goes, which- separates and divides the said Lands from, the Second District in this Act mentioned, of such sufficient Height, Width, and Strength, at all Times, after the passing of this Act, to prevent the Waters from running over or breaking through the said Bank called Cross Bank; or if the said Bank called Cross Bank shall, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, be Woke through, or neglected, and out of Repair, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of either of the said TwaDi(Li3s respectively, or a,ny Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to authofife and impower the Surveyor or other Officer or Officers of the said Two Distrifls, or either of them, appointed by this Act» to give Notice to the Commissioners a&irrg by virtue of and under the said Act, or their Successors, or their Clerk or Treasurer, that the said Bank called Cross Bank is broke, or in Danger of being broke, or is neglected and out of Repair 5 and in case the said Commissioners shall negle3 or refute, upon- such Notice given, to employ proper Persons to repair, amend, and support, the said

Sank, called Cross Bank, in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor, Officer of fficers, so aitthorised as aforesaid, together with such Workmen as he or they shall thmk proper to employ, to enter upon the adjoining Lands and Grounds on the Side of the Lands to be drained by virtue of the said Act, and upon the said Bank called Cross Bank, and also to flop such Breaches, and make good, amend, and repair, the said Bank, called Cross Bank; and, in order to enable them so to do, it shall and may be lawful for such Workmen so employed as aforesaid to dig and take Earth from the Lands and Grounds adjoining to* the said Bank called Cross Bank, on the Side of, and in the Lands to be drained by virtue of the said Act, for flopping such Breaches, ?nd for railing, (Lengthening* v supporting, and maintaining, the said Bank, called Cross Bank, and the Expences necessarily incurred. thereou shall be reimbursed by the said Commi(Hosiers a3ing by virtue of and under the said Act;

and in case of Nonpayment thereof it shall and may be lawful for any Five or more of the said Commissioners for the said Two Distri3s respectively, by Warrant under their Hands and Scab, to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Owner or O whers, Occupier or Occupiers, of Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of the said Act the Charges and Expences of railing, repairing, and supporting the said Bank, called Cross Bank, and flopping and making up such Breaches as shall happen thereon, rendering the Overplus, if any, to such Owner or Owners, Tenant of Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of such Lands; and if the Tenant or Tenants of such Lands and Grounds shall. Upon Notice as aforesaid, raise, (Lengthen, and repair the said Bank, called Cross Bank, or make good any Breaches that shall happen therein, at his, her, or their Expences, or shall pay the Charges thereof due by Order of the said Commissioners of the said Two Districts respectively, /cr in case such Charges and Expences shall be levied on him, her, or them, by Distrrfs ami Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Tenant or

'Tenants to deduct the Sum or Sums by him or then* so paid out of the Taxes due, or to grow due, to the said Commissioners acting by virtue of and under the said Act, for the Lands and Grounds where such Distress and Sale shall be so made; any Thing Bn the said Act contained to the Contrary notwithstanding: And if any Dispute shall arise touching the Amount of the Expences which shall have been incurred in raising, repairing and making up the Breaches of the said Bank, called Cross Bank, such Disputes, and all Matters relating thereto, shall be finally settled and determined by th? Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, at the Frib or Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to beheld, by Adjournment at King's Lynn, or Siv^ffhont, in the said County of Norfolk, whs are not intcrefled in the Premises, without any further or other Appeal whatsoever.

Tr.ftrff?notun-

XCIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be lawful fot want -made for any Sum or Sums of Money ro be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itftdf shall not

or Form. he deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be d ejn d a Trespasser or Tref-pafVers, on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Notice, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties dish lining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Case.

Peffons apgri'v-

XCV. And be it further enacted That all Persons who think themselves aggrieved by Order or Judge-ed may appeal to orient of any justice or Justices of the Peace, upon account of any Offence committed5or suppofod to be the next 5:ii on. committed, against this Act, or any Penalties to be levi.d by virtue thereof, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Norfolk or Suffolk, as the Case shall happen, at the next or Second General adjourned Quarter Sessions of the Peace to beheld for the said respective Counties, within Six Calendar Months alter the cause of such Appeal shall happen, the Person or Persons so appealing

Just

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 5. 747

first entering, into a Recognizance* with Two sufficient Sureties to the Satisfaction of the (lid Justice. or Justices, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and pay the Costs which shall be ascertained bp the said Justices in the said General or adjourned Quarter Sessions, in case such Order and Judgement shall be affirmed; and the said Justices, in their said General or adjourned Quarter Sessions, Justices to deter-are hereby respectively authorised an i required to hear and determine such Appeal, and give such mine Diffe-Cosh to either Party, as they shall think reasonable, and make such Order therein, as to them shall ,cnces# appear just; which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or rcraoveable by any Writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of His Majesty's Courts' of Record at Westminster, or el few here-

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order or other Proceeding to be made or had by or I'roeeeding* not-before any Justice or Justices of the Peace by virtue of the Powers by this Act granted shall be co be <1JaJhcd for quashed or vacated for want of Form only, >WIIto 0,m*

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences attending the obtaining The Expend of ?nd passing this Act shall be paid and defrayed by the Commissioners of the said Two Districts re- the Act to be (peftively out of the first Monies to arise by virtue of this Act in the said Two Districts, in propor- tIiC*

tion to the Number of Acres in each District, excluding such Lands of the said Matthew Pepper h meu Manbj in the said First District as are already embanked.

XCVIII. And whereas, in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act of Commissioners

Parliament was made for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the *j?F w,^n!£glh*

Parishes of Stoke Ferry, North-wold, JVretton, Wereham, West Dereham, and Roxham, in the County ^making5*

c of Norfolk, which Lands are fuuate on the North Side of the River IVijfey or Stoke River, and the Bank agiinftthe Owners of the said Lands have, at a great Expence, caused the North bank of the said River to l*«wU in fprd be raised and stregthened: And whereas the Commissioners appointed for draining the Lands lying ham- on the South Side of the said River in the (hid First District are impowered to raise and make the Bank on the South Side of the said River, and when such Bank shall be made, the said North Bank

will in Times of Flood be liable to be broken or washed down, unless the said River shall be widen ed, and a Bank nude on the said North Side thereof from Skipwith Tunnel to the River Ouze ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Sir Sbneon Stewart Baronet, Sir Clement Trafford Knight, Edward Pratt, Esquire, John Heaton Esquire, Gamaliel Nightingale Esquire, Ben~* jamin Adamson Esquire, Christopher Adamfm Esquire, Thomas Goddard Gentleman, the present Lord or Lady of the Manor of Fordham, in the Lid County of Norfolk, and the Lord or Lady of the said Manor' for the Time being, Richard Paul Jodrell Esquire, the present Lessee, and also the Lessees for the Time being of Methwold Severais within the said First Dtftrift under this Act, his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, Matthew Manby Esquire, Francis Dixon Esquire, Thomas Moore Gentleman, Thomas Moore ClerW, Francis Dixon the younger. Gentleman; Robert Clough the younger. Gentleman j Arthur Anntjley Esquire, Cyril Clough Clerk; shall be, and they and their Successors, to be elected in Manner feerein-after mentioned, ate hereby appointed Commissioners for the Care of the said River IViffey, or Stoke River; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised and' impowered to widen, deepen, scour, and cleanse, the said River Wijfey, or Stoke River, from Skipwith'

Tunnel to the River Ouze, and for railing and making a Bank, or repairing the present B^nk on the*

North Side of the said River, from Skipwith Tunnel aforesaid to the said River Ouzey and for keeping the said River IVijfiy or Stoke River properly widened, roded, and scoured, and the said Bank on the North Side thereof properly supported and maintained for the future,

XCIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Commissioner Who may be herein bore appointed for the Care of the said River WiJJ'cy, or Stoke River, whefy Qualification shall Commissioner*

be in Lands lying on the North Side thereof, (except the Lord or Lady of the said Manor of Ford- the of

ham), shall die, the surviving Commissioners, whose Qualifications shall lie. on the same Side of the caf^of Dcathf said River, or any Thiee or more of them, shall, at the next Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act after the Death of such Commissioner, elect and appoint a Commissioner, having Twenty Acres of Land on the same Side of the said River, }n the Room of every such Commissioner so deceased, and so in like Manner when any Commissioner herein-before appointed for the Care of the said River, whose Qualification shall be in Lands lying on the South Side thereof, shall die, the surviving Commissioners, whose Qualifications shall lie on the said South Side of the said Jliver, shall elect and appoint a Commissioner, having Twenty Acres*of Land lying on the same Side thereof, in the Room of stich Commissioner so deceased.

C. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any One or more of the said Com- Commissionfn missioners for the Care of the said River fViffey or Stoke River, shall and may, from Time to Time, if such Commissioner or Commissioners shall think proper, by any Writing or Writings under the ^cPut, es*

Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Commissioner or Commissioners, nominate and appoint an Agent or Deputy to act in the Place or Stead of such Commissioner or Commissioners, in the foU; lowing Form of Words; (that is to say),

I. being a Commissioner appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Form of A p.

Reign of King George the Third, For draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Gr ounds pjmumu.

4C lying in the Soieth Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between the old Rivers or Drains called Stoke River and Brandon River and a certain Level or District called M Fell well New Distiift, and the Hard Loads of Woodhal! in H'.d&ay and Helgay, in the Counties of

748 C. 45.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

Mo more than /One Person for the Lor4/hip of Pordham, See, to act for the Care of tb6 driver.

Tim* ini Phce. %vh.:re the Com

A.D. 1773.

Norfolk and Suffolk for the Care of the River Willey or Stoke River, do hercley nominate and appoint to Jit, vote, and aftt as a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Care of the said River Willey or Stoke River, as and for my Deputy during my JVill and PI afuru Given under may Hand and Seal the Day f

And every such Deputy or Agent, so nominated and appointed, shall, in the Absence of the Commissioner or Commissioners by whom he or they shall be appointed, have full Power and Authority to act as a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Care of the said River IVifey or Stoke River, in as full, large, and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any of the Commissioners for the Carfc of the said River JViJky or Stoke River are impowered to act, although such Deputy or Agent shall not be qualified according to the Directions of this Act; any Thing in this Act to the Contrary notwithstanding.

CI. Provided always, That no more than One Person shall at any One Time be capable of acting as a Commissioner for the Care of the said River, by virtue of being Lord or Lady of the said Manor of Fordham, and that no more than One Person shall, at any One Ti ne, be capable of acting as a Commissioner by virtue of being Lessee or Lessees of any of the Lande called The Alethwdd Severalt lying within the said First District 5 nor shall any more than One Deputy or Agent be appointed ac the same Time for the Lordship of Fordham^ nor more than One Deputy for or on account of any future JLeflee or Lessees of the said Alethwold $everals\ arty Tiling herein-before contained to the Contrary hereof notwithstanding.

CII. And be it further enacted by thfc Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for the1' Care of the said River JViffey or Stoke River, or any Five or more of them, shall meer upon the* «r>iifioneniareto Thursday Three Weeks next after the passing of this Act, at The Crown Inn in Downham Market, in the said County of Norfolk, and adjourn themselves, from Time to Time, and meet at such Place and Places as they shall think fit, as often as they shall find it necessary for the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned; and shall at their First, and at any other of their Meetings, order and direct the said River TPiJfey or Stoke River, from S!:ipwith Tunnel aforesaid to the said River Ouze, to be properly' widened, clean led, and scoured out, to as the same shall be Thirty Feet wide at the Surface of the Water in the said River, at the common Low-water Mark, and of such Depth as shall be sufficient to carry off* the Water into the find River Ouze; and shall and may at all Times hereafter caafe the said River Wiffey or Stoke River to be roded and kept free and ch.ar from Weeds between a Place called Mcthwold Load ing the said River OuZ*.

CIII. Provided always, Tfiat if at any Time hereafter the said Commissioners for the Care of the said River Wijfey or Stoke River, shall neglect to meet and to adjourn, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the said Commissioners, by Notice to be given in the Cambridge or Norwich News papers, if any such Newspaper shall then be published, to appoint the said Commissioniers, or any Five or more of them, to meet at such Time and Place as shall be expressed in such Notice* and all Meetings held by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, pursuant to such Notice, shall be deemed legal Meetings of the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act-'Commissioners

CIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Care of the said River Wiffif to causea proper or Stoke River, or any Five or more of them, shall also cause a proper and substantial Bank to be maJe Sank to be and raised on the North SiJe of the said River iVifjeyox Stoke River, from Skibwith Tunnel aforesaid to the said River Ouze, and at all Times hereafter to be repaired, heightened, and Itrengthciied. in a proper and substantial Manner, so as to protest the said Lands lying on the North Side of the said River li^ijpy or Stoke River from being overflowed; and for that Purpose the said Commissioners for the Care of the said River IVifey or Stoke River, or any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, shall, and are hereby authorised and impowered to dig, cut, and take away such Quantities of Earth from any Lands or Grounds adjoining to the said River Hrtffey or Stoke River, on the North/ Side thereof, as they shall find necessary to be used for making the said North Bank of the said River-

CV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall impower the said Commissioners, or their Successors, to take or cut Earth out of the said Lands for the Repairs of the said Bank, except in Time of Flood, or when a sufficient Quantity of Earth cannot be taken from the said River IVifey or Stoke River, for repairing the said Bank in a proper and substantial Manner; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may also cause to be crcfted and built an additional Arch or Arches of Stone, Brick, or Timber, to the present Bridge called Helgay Bridge, which Arch or Archce, together with the present Water Way under the said Bridge, shall be Thirty Feet in the Clear; and shall and may make use of such Part of the Turnpike Road running near and over the said Bridge as shall be necessary for the Purpose of erecting and building such additional Arch ur Arches; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, employ such Person and Persons in doing and performing the several Works, Matters, and Things, herein-before directed to be done and performed as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them shall think proper to be employed therein, and pay and defray all the Charges and Expences attending the same, as herein after is mentioned.

URywhomth*

CVI. And whereas it is agreed. That the Owners i» Lands on the North Side of the said River pence* of the JJ/iiJev or Stoke River should contribute towards the Expences that will attend the several Works

'Commissioners of Stoke River neglecting to meet, or to adjourn, how the next Meeting anty be called.

'*Commissioner$ to cause Hejgay - Bridge to be en-U £ed.

Works A?all b: j^i^jn-before directed to be done and performed; be it therefore drafted by the Authority aforesaid,

A.D. 177J. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 4$. 749

That the several Charges and Expences Whteh shall be incurred in doing and performing the several Works and Matters herein-before directed to be done and performed shall be borne and defrayed by the Paid Commissioners of the* First Distrivft of Lands hereby directed to be drained and improved, and by the said Commissioners for draining akid improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, by the said Add of the Eleventh \ ear of the Reign of Hfs present Majesty, and by the several Owners and Proprietors of Fen Lands*and1 Low Grounds in the said Parish of Fordham, in the several Proportions following j (that is to say), Two^shird Parts of all ftrch Charges and Ex^ences shall be borne and defrayed by the Commissioners for the said First District, and the remaining Third Part shall be borne and paid by the Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for draining the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying on the North Side of the said River, and the several Owrters of Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the said Parish of Fordham, in the Proportions following; (that is to &y)r Four-fifth Parts thereof shall be paid by the said Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, and the remaining One-fifth Part by the said Owners of Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the said Parish of Fordham, in equal Proportions, according to the Quantity of their respective Lands \ such last mentioned Proportions to be fctthd by the Commissioners for the Care of the said River tViQey or Stoke River, or any Five or more of them; and that the said Bank directed to be made on the North Side of the said River IViJfey or Stake River, frOrft Skiptvitl/s Tunnel aforesaid to the said River Ouze, shall, at alt Times afterwards, be supportfed and maintained by and at the Expence of the Owners of Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said Parish of Fordb/m, under the DirectiOR.of the Commissioners appointed for the Care of the said River.

CVII. And whereas, in order to enable the said Commissioners for the Care of the River Wijfy ChrnmHUoniewr or Stoke River to proceed in the Execution of the several Works aforesaid, it will be necessitry that a to advance 400b Sum of Money should be forthwith advanced for that Purpose; be it therefore farther enacted by 0/1

the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of Four hundred Pounds shall be advanced by the GommiU of 5. sioners for the said Kirft District, the Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for draining the said Lands on the Nortly Side the River JViJJiy or Stoke River, and by the Owner$^of> Fen Lands lying in the said Parish of Fordham^ according to the several Proportions* which they are respectively to contribute and pay towards- making and completing the several Works herein-before directed to be done by the said Commissioners for the Care of the Paid River IVifJiy.ox Stoke River \ which said Sum of Four hundred Pounds, herein-before directed to be advanced, shall, within One Calendar Mbrfth next after the First Meeting of the Commissioners for the said First District, which shall be held by virtue of this Adr be paid to such Person as thp Commissioners for the Care of the said River JVijJey or Stoke River, or any Five or more of them, shall', by Writing undeT rheir Hands, authorise and appoint to receive the same and the Receipt of such Person shall be a Discharge for such Money as He shall so-receive.

CVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fekf Commissioners an- Perfomcontr£ pointed or to be elated by or in ptxrftiarice of the said Act of the Eleventh Year- of the Reign of His butingtowaid* present Majesty, for draining and improving the Fen Lands and Low Ground* therein mentioned, d* Worksim-are hereby authorised and impowered, out of any Money to be raised and affected by virtue of the ap‘ ,

said Act, to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as foal 1 be necessary to be paid for defraying the ^'hofc ,7/ Proportion of the Charges and Expences herein-before directed to be paid by such Commissioners, ^9. towards widening, deepening, and scouring the said River Wiffiy or Stoke Rivers- and building and erecting an additional Arch or Arches to the Paid Bridge called Helgay Bridge, and making the said Bank on the North Side of the said River JViJJey or Stoke River, from Skipwith Tunnel aforesaid to the River Ouze aforesaid and also of reding and keeping the said River IViyey or Stoke River, from Time to Time; free and clear from Weeds, from Methwold Load to the said River Ouze^ as hereinbefore is directed; any Thing, in the said Act to- the Contrary hereof notwithstanding.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That itl case the said Commissioners of the Eirft.Distthd of Lands For enforces directed to be drained by this Act, or the said Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the *hc Payment of Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or the Owner or Owners of Fen Lands and the several Pre-Low Grounds in the said Parish of Fordham., shall refofe or neglect to pay and discharge their several Shares or Proportions of the said Four hundred Pounds, directed to be advanced and paid as y 0 9 aforesaid, or of any of the Charges and Expences which may be incurred in making and completing the several Works- directed to be done by the Commissioners for the Care of the said River Ivijjty or Stoke River, or of maintaining, supporting, and keeping, in proper Order and Repair, any of the several Worics herein-before directed to be done and performed as aforesaid by Direction of the said Lft-mentioned Commissioners for the Space of Ten Days after the same shall have been demanded by the said Commissioners for the Care of the said River, or any Five or more of them, of the respective Treafmers or Collectors to the Commissioners so-refuting or neglecting as aforesaid, or of any of the Owners of Fen Lands lying within the said Parish of Fordham, so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid; that then, and in all, any, or either of the Cases aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Care of the said River IViJjiy or Stoke Reiver, or arty Five or more of them, and they, are hereby authorised and impowered to sue for and recover the same from such respective Treasurers or Collectors as aforesaid, or from the Owner or Owners of Fen Lands aforesaid, by Actioa of Debt, Bill* Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster,

750 C. 45. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be be allowed, together with Full Costs of Suit.

No more then '

CX. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing

®n« Mill and in this Act contained shall extendr or be construed to extend, to authorise or impower the said

One Gig to Commissioners for the said First District, or any of them, or the Lessee or Lessees of Methwold ram intobtoko $vera/^ or any future Lessee or Lessees thereof, his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to ered or set up more than One Mill within the said Firit District, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or to mill or throw Water into the said River JVifley or Stoke River; and that no more than One Mill shall ever be erected or fee up at the fune Time within the said First for milling or throwing Water into the said River or Stoke

River \ any Thing in this Act to the Contrary hereof notwithstanding.

CXI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein-before contained shall prevent the Owner and Proprietor or Owners or Proprietors, for the Time being, of.a certain Fen called Flezg Fen, East Feny or North Fen, from erecting, at his or their own Costs and Charges, One Gig or Mill only in the said

Fen, not exceeding Fifreen Feet upon the Port, for the sole Purpose of draining the said Fen into the said River IViffey or Stoke River.

C ert

CXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorise or impower

foTdraioingfi&all the respective Commissioners for draining or improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, not interfere or any of them, by virtue of this Act, or the Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the with the Com- Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to exercise any Power or Authority over such mi IB oners for Works as are directed to be done and performed by the Commissioners for the Care of the said River widening Stoke jf'j/fiu or Stoke River, but that all such Works shall be done and performed under the Direction of the VOfr said Commissioners for the Care of the said River IViJfey or Stoke River only; any Thing in the said Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, or this Act, to the Contrary notwithstanding. SiviogClroieto

CXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any the Csrporation Thing herein contained, shall not extend to irr.power the faici Commissioners, or any of them, to have, of Bedford Lc- use, or exercise, any Power, or Authority over, or to intermeddle with any of the Sewers, Drain*, or Works, already made, or hereafter to be made, by the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Common ifty of the Company of Conservators of the said Great, Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Fifteenth Year of King Chaplet the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the draining of the Fens called Bedford Level, or by virtue of any other Act or Statute whatsoever, or to invalidate, lessen, diminish, alter, or take away, any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities, vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, or Conservators; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the faii Act, made in the said Fifteenth Year, of the said King Charles the Second, or any othpr Act or Statute whatsoever, now are vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and he, in the said Govern >r. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, ami the fa'rd Governor, Bailiffs, or Conservators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made, trrtiifatlofl of

CXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, or In-AAloof. formation, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to

be done, in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the F*d committed, and not afterwards, and shall belaid or bought in the

-particular County or Liberty where such Offence shall be supposed to have been done, but not elfs-where; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Actions or Suits, shall and may plead the General

OtoenlIifae. Iffje, and, if in Replevin, mayjuftify and avow, by virtue of this Act, a3 Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give the Special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon and that the Fad alledged to have been done was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, of if any such Action or Suit shall be b ought after the Time for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, Liberty, or Place, as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowmt or Avowants; but ii the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, nr their Suit or Suits, or if any Verdict shall pass against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer \ then, arul rti any of the said cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Double Double o u Costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have the like Remedy as where Costs by Law are awarded. Publick Act.

CXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons, are hereby requireJ 10 take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

Hiver.

Provisor

Cap.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 46. 751

A.D. 1773.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for the more effectual draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of Yaxley in the County of Huntingdon*

WHEREAS several Fen Lands and Low Grounds in certain Fens called by the several PreamUt,

Names of Horse F/n, Cow Feny Hog Ftn^ and The Lord's fen, and other Low Grounds lying together in the Parish of Yaxley in the County of Huntingdon, from their low and flat Situation,

are liable to be oveiilown with Water, so that no certain Advantage or Profit can be thereof made by the Owners and Occupiers of the same; And whereas the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds

contain in the Whole about Six hundred Acres, and are abutted and bounded as follows; that is ’ to say. On Part of the North by a certain Dike or Drain called The Yard's End Dike, (including

the/aid Yard's End Dike); and from the East End of the said Yard's End Dike on the North Side

thereof, by a straight Line across a certain River or Dike called The Load \ and from thence by the said Load to the North End thereof; and from thence by a certain River or Dike called Pig's Wa-

fer, to'and by a Dike running from the said Pig's Water by the East End of a Holt belonging to Lord Craysfort, (including the said Dike)* to the North-east Corner of the said Fen called The

Lord's Fen \ and from thence by a Dike called Twelve Foot Dike and a certain Gateway called Drake's Gateway, on the East, to the South Bank of the said Fen called The Lord's Fen; and from

thence by the said Sou:h Bank, (including the same) to the West End thereof; and from thence

by Part of the West Bank of the said Lo d*s Fen to that Point therein which is opposite in a 4 straight Line to the East End of a Dike on the South Side of a Close called Gregory's Closey in Hog Fen, including such Part of the said West Bank, and from the said West Bank by the said straight Line to the said Dike, and by the said Dike on the South to the West End thereof; and from thence by a straight Line across the aforesaid River called The Load to the present Mill or En- eine in the said Fen called Cow Feny and from the said Mill or Engine by the said Load to the

oouth-east Corner of a Close called The Mill CJofe^ and from the said Corner by the present Bank on the South Side of such Parts of the said Fens called Cow Fen and Horse Feny as are now under the Drainage of the said M.ll or Engine (including the said Bank) to the Welt End thereof, at a 4 certain Drain called Stilton Drain, and from thence by the said Stilton Drain on the South-west to the North-east Corner of a Close called Sanker's Close, in the Lordship of Stilton; and from thence by a Dike dividing the Lordships of Stilton and Yaxley (including the said Dike) to the South*

east Corner of a Close of Sir Sampson Gideon* called Mujlard Seed Close \ and from thence by the Dike os Watercourse running on die East End of Mujlard Seed Close, and on the East Side of Lands called The Great Wikes (including the said Dike) to the South End of a Place in the said Wikts called The Strings and from thence by a straight Line to and across the Road called Wikes Way, at the old Gatt.way of the said Hikes to the West End of the Hedge or Bullies on the North Side of the said Wikes Way, and by the said Hedge or Bullies on the North to the South-west Corner of a Close or Ground called Mr. Newtons Allotment \ and from thence by a Dike or Wa- tercourse called Th* Wikes Way Dike or Field Dikey running towards the East, to and by the North Side of a Close or Ground belonging to the Vicar of Yaxley, and the North End of a Close of Mr.

William Bowkery called The Brisk Closey and on the North Side of a Close of Lord Carysforty called The Holmsy through Part of the said Htlms, and down the East Side thereof into the West End of the said Dike or Drain called The Yard's End Dik£y (including the Whole of the said Dike or Watercourse called The Wikes Way Dike* to the said Yard's End Dikey the Beginning of the said Boundaries): And whereas the said Lands and Low Grounds are capable of very great Improvement, by Means of a proper Drainage; but such Drainage cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament may it therefore plea fe Your Majesty that it may be enacted;

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coxifent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several Lands herein before abutted, bounded, and described, ihallhe, and are hereby made One in tire District, and shall be ienbanked and drained in the Manner herrin-after directed.

II. And be it further enacted, That each and every Owner for the Time being respectively of Appointment «f Eight Acres or more of Lands, in their swn Right, subject to be taxed by virtue of this Act, Commissioner*. ajid lying respectively within the Limits aforesaid, shall be and is hereby appointed a Commissioner for putting this Act, and the Powers and Authorities herein after contained into'

Execution.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be pep«t*sI. jawfuj for., and every such Commissioner is hereby authorised and impowered to appoint, by W. i- appomrd re ting under his ox her Hand, to be delivered to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, kn tkcirAfc>j«&i* at (©me Meeting to be held in pursuancc of this Act> from Time to Time, and for such Time as he or she shall think proper, a Deputy, xo ail in his or her Absence as a Commissioner \ and such Deputies shall and may* in the Absence of the Persons cefpettiydy by whom they shall be so ap-poioird, aas Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, in such and xhe same Manner, and as

5 D 2 /u]ly,

75* C. 46. Anno dectmo tertio Grqiuiii IU, A.D. 1773.

sally, to all Intents and Purposes, as such Commissioners respectively might aft and do if they were personally present.

' t^when of 50

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he Acre*ro appoint lawful /or any Person, who i$ the real Ovn^r of Fifty Acres of taxable Land, lying \vjtbin the a Commifiijoor. Ljmits afo^cfaiJ, by Writing under his of her Hand, from Time to Time, and for such Time as he or she shall think proper, to appoint One Commissioner for every such Fifty Acres^of Land, over and above the Commissioners herein-before appointed for putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein contained into Execution; and that such Commissioners, so nominated and appointed by such Owner or Owners of Fifty Acres respectively as aforesaid, shall be Commissioners, to all Intents and Purposes, for carrying this Act into Execution.

If Q«vnen of50

V. Provided always* and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if Acres be a M»- any Person, who by virtue of this Act is impowered to act as a Commissioner in Person, or by De-nor, such M«- puty, shall, at the Time of passing this Act, or at any Time afterwards, be a Minor under the Age nor or his Gu*r- nf Twenty-one Years, Idiot, Lunatick, or of unfound Mind, it shall and may be lawful for the SmmXoner Sardian of such Minor, and for the Committee or Trustee of such Idiot, Lunatick, or Person of during UDfownd Mind, to act in Person as a Commissioner for putting this Act into Execution, or in his or

nority* her Absence, by Writing under his or her Hand, to appoint a Deputy for that Purpose; and also

Old! and may, by Writing under his or her Hand, nominate and appoint a Commissioner for every Fifty Acres Of Land belonging to such Minor or other Person under such legal Disability as aforesaid; and that such Commissioners so nominated and appointed, shall be to all Intenu and Purposes Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution.

Joint Owner* VJ. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Person3 who (h ill be joint Tenants, Te-ruy be Comm if- nanls in common, or Parceners of any Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, and subject to be ap^int p" T by virtue of this Act, shall, for their several and respective Shares, be intitled to act by virtue

tic*. of such respective Shares as Commissioners by themselves or Deputies, and shall have the same Powers

as if such Lands so held by therp as joint Tenants, Tenants in common, or Parceners, were actually fevered and divided provided that such respective Shares ftnli amount unto Eight Acre® or Fifty Acres respectively.

TProceaiings to

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Nomination of a Commissioner or Commidinners in

v^- entered ia pursuance of this Act shall be entered gratis determined by the Clerk to the said Commissionvers in a Book to be Fooks. jccpt for

Purpose; and that such Commissioner or Commissioners shall and may, and is and are hereby impowered to act in the Execution of this Act, until superseded by a freQi Nomination, to be entered in such Book as aforesaid.

Meetings of Viil. And* for the more cflefttnl raising and levying Money for the general draining, and pre-(Concunissioner*. seeing the Lands comprised within the Limits aforesaid, and answering the Purposes of this Act, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the (said Commissioners hsrrcbv nominated and appointed, and such other Commissioners as shall hereafter feece.d them, or any Five or more of them, ftnli meet Twice in every Year; that is to say. Upon Monday next before the AscenUo 1 of our Lord, and the Second Monday in September, (which Meetings shall be called General Meetings), beGdcs the Firdl Meeting hereby appointed, at some publick H?use in the Parish of Yaxley aforesaid, to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and at such other Times and Plices near the Limits aforesaid as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall fee cause for, or think convenient, pu^uant to Notice in Writing for that Purpose, signed by any Five or more of them, and affixed upon the Outside of the South Door of the Parish Church of Yaxley aiore-said. Ten Days at lead b?fore any such Meeting, (except those held by Adjournment), and that the FirfI Meeting shall be held at some publick H?use in Yaxley, upon the Mznliy Fortnight next after the passing of this Act; and may, from Time to Time, adjourn themselves, and meet again pursuant to may* jrura. fucfo Adjournments as often as they shall think proper.

Comminiofters

IX. And beie stirth:r enacted, That stich of the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed in or may aft asjuf- by virtu of this Act, as shall be a Justice or Justices of the Peace* may, and is an J are hereby authorised ticw* and impowered to act as a Justice or Justices of the Peace within the Lmiits of his or their proper

Jurisdiction respectively, in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities heiehy given to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, notwithstanding his or their being a Commissi >n?r or Commissioners; r».o« vided such Commissioner or Commissioners is or are otherwise qualified* and not interfiled in the Matter in Question, otherwise than as a Commissionr or Commissioners.

NoOider^toU > X- And be it further enacted, That nothing shall be done by the said Commissioners in the Execut'd* unlcft by ti »n of this Act, but at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, or in Consequence of feme Co*1"loners Order or Orders nude at such Meeting or Meetings, except granting and issuing of such Noiicrc, Lorn boa. toners. Warrants, and Precepts, by the said Commissioners, as they are hereby impowered to irnke or i ifue;

and no Order shall be vaiid unless the major Part of the Commissioners present at such Meeting consent thereto.

-CooummoMci

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, ftnli t mtkeDrains, have full Powrr and Authority, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, as they ftnli think proper, to make, crest, support, aher, and maintain stich Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Bridge?, Funnels, Headings, Trays, SI imp?, Outlets, Woi^, Engines, and Mills, in, through, and upon the fid Linds and Grounds, or any Part thereof, and to make, erect, remove, alter, repair, and maintain al such Works and Engines thereon and such Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Bridges, Tunnels Headings, Trays, Slaraps, Outlets, Works, Engines, or Mills, as are already nude or ereftedin or upon

7J3

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 46.

upon such Lands oy Grounds, to remove, alter, repair, or continue, and also to make such Orders, and to give such Directions, for the carrying on and fox their etter and more orderly Government and Using of the said Works, for the Purposes of this Act, as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them* shall at any Meeting or Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, think fit, order, direct,

or appoint; making such reason able Sari sfaft ton ro the Person or Persons who hath or have a Right rinking re>son -

to the So l through or upon which any such Cut, Drain, D»m, Bank, Bridge, Tunnel, Heading,

Tray, Stamp, Outlet, Work*or Engine, fl all.be .-trade or erected, for the Damag«> he, Ae, or they* propH«tari of shall thereby sustain, as shall be agreed upon between such Commissioners, or any Five or more of*0"’ them, and such Person or Persons-; and in case any Difference shall arise between the said Commissioners and Land-owners, in regard to the Value of such Damages, the same shall be settled, adjudged,

and determined, by the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter-sessions to be Holden for the said County of Huntingdon* not interested in the Premises, who are hereby authorised and reauired to examine-into, hear, and determine the same; and the Determination which shall be so made by the said Justices in their said Quarter-sessions as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XII. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or‘be conttrned to extend, to impower w^fara Seed the said CommHBofVers, or their Suoceflors, to stop up the Drain running at the East End of the said Close to rem*!* Close of Sir Sampfcn Gideon Baronet, called Mujlard Seed Cloft», but that the same shall always remain ^commonDrai* a common Drain for the Waters of Yaxley Fields, and the said Closej any Thing herein contained to ithe Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, Commissionan or any Five or more of them, to make Contrafts with any Person or Persons for performing any of rnty make Coa-the Works, Matters, and Things, that shall be thought necessary in the Execution of this Act, Four- trafl*. teen Days Notice bring given determined by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, upon the Out-fide of the Did Church Door of Yaxley, of the Time and Place of their receiving Proposals for such Contrafts.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful Commissioners to and for the said Commissioners, or any rive or more of them, at any Time or Times, as they shall impiweredto think convenient, to contract and agree with any Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any ?ra,'J o her Lands 01 'Grounds lying within the said Parish of Yaxley, for the draining of such Lands or Grounds, for*'*0 *’ such Time and Times, and at and for such yearly or other Sum or Sums of Money respectively, as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; which fail Sum and Sums <rf Money so to be contrafted and agreed for, shall be, from Time to Time, applied and disposed of, in, or towards executing the Purposes of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Officm to be Five or more of them, at any of the Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall have full appointed by the Power and Authority to appoint One or more Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Clerk Commissioner* or Clerks, or such other proper Officers, as they the said Commissioners shall think fit, for the taking

Care of all such Works, and forcollecting the Rate3 or Assessments which shall be made or assessed on the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Limits aforesaid, by virtue of this Act; and to allow and appoint to be paid to such Officer or Officers, out of such Rates or Assessments, such yearly or other Wages or Salaries, for their Trouble and Pains, as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, present at any such Meeting, shall think reasonable; which said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Clerk or Clerks, or other Officer or Officers, so to be appointed, may be removed at the Will and Plcufure of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, asembled at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose of which Fourteen Days Notice at least shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on the Church Door "of Yaxhy aforesaid, and another or others to appoint in his or their Stead, as Occasion shall require; and such Collectors or Receivers shall, before they aft in the Execution of their Offices respectively, give such Security for the due Execution offjch their respective Offices, and for performing the fiveral Truth to them committed, as they the said Commissioners, or nny Five or more of them, assembled at any Meeting, shall think fit.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the 'faxes to be said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, assembled at their First or other General Meeting, chared by the yearly and every Year, to a lies, rate, tax, and charge aH and every the Did Fen Lands and Low Commissionen. Grounds within the Limits aforesaid, and the respective Owner and Owners, or Occupier and Occupiers jherjepf, (except the Lands herein after exempted), by an equal and pre portionable Acre Rate or

Pax, in any Kate of Sum not exceeding Five Shillings ter Acre in any Year, nor in any Rate or Sum less than Four Shillings per Acre, (io long as any Money* to be borrowed by virtue of this Act shall remain due thereon), for carrying on and effecting the said Purposes of draining and preserving the same; and that such Rates or '1 axes shall be paid half-yearly, on the Twenty-ninth Day of

September, and the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in every Year and that the First Payment shall be,

made on the Twenty-ninth Day of September next after the passins of this Act.

XVII. And whereas the Proprietors of that Part of the said ren Lands* called Horse Fen and Cow SorT

Fen have heretofore laid out and expended considerable Sums of Money in making the present Banks po77d to v«w and Engine now used for draining the said Lands, which wHl be a great Saving in the Expence of ti* present

the Works necessary for draining the said District: In order therefore that the said Proprietors of W*iks.

Lands in He»fe Fen and Cow Fen may receive a proper Allowance or Compensation for the Benefit the

Proprietors

Additional Tixri in Hof Fen and Lord*f ten.

754 C. 46. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 177,1.

Proprietors of Hog Fen and The Lord's Pen will have by such Saving, it is hereby enacted, That the Proprietors of Lands in the said Fens, called Hog Fen and The Lords Fen> shall pay for such Benefit they will receive by the present Banks and Engine, as aforesaid, the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be laid. out by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, in the general Works for draining and preserving the said District.;

XVIII. And for the failing and levying the said Suna of Forty Pounds to be paid by the said Proprietors of Lands in Hog Fen *nd The Lords Fen% as aforesaid, it is hereby enabled x>y the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, at th.ir First or other General Meeting, yearly and every Year, assess, rate, tax, and charge, all and every the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the said Hog Fen and Lords Fen respectively; and the respective Owner and Owners, or Occupier and Occupiers thereof, (except such as herein after are -exempted), by an equal and proportionable Acre Rate or Tax, in any Rate 01 Sum not exceeding Two Shillings per Acre, over and above the Rates or Taxes herein-before directed to be raced and assessed thereon, until the whole Sum of Forty Pounds, herein-before directed to be paid by the said Proprietors of Lands in Hog Fen and The Lord's Feny be thereby or other wise fully paid and satisfied; such last mentioned Rates or Taxes to be paid to the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, at such Days and Times as the Taxes herein-before mentioned are directed to be paid.

Owner* to gite

XIX. Provided always, and it 4s hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the of Ue* Qi*ant,t*cs of Land so to be rated and taxed as aforesaid, shall, oil or befo e the Day of the First General Meeting hereby appointed, be given to the Receiver or Collectoc of the said Taxes or Rates, by the respective Proprietors or Occupiers of such Lands; and if any such Proprietors or Occupiers should r.cgltft or refuse to give to any such Receiver or Golledor a particular Account of the Number of Acres of which he, she, or they, shall be Proprietor or Occupier, or in case there shall be any Doubt touching the Fairness or Truth of such Account so delivered in, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order a Survey to be made of any of the said Lands by a Surveyor, upon Oath; (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is impowered to administer); and such Survey so by him made shall be a sufficient Warrant and Authority to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to rate and assess the Lands agreeable thereto; the Charge of such Survey to be borne by such Person or Persons as shall neglect or refuse to give in such Account, ’ or who shall deliver in a false Account; such Charge to be recovered in such Manner as the Taxes are herein directed to be recovered: And in case it shall appear upon any Survey that the Number of Acics was truly delivered in, then the Charge of such Survey to be paid by the Receiver or Collector, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XX. And forasmuch as the Money so to be rated, levied, collected, and gathered, as aforesaid, will not be fufHcierrt to defray the immediate Expences of making such Banks, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Bridges, Tunnels, and Outlets, and cresting such Engines and other Works as shall be necessary for the draining and for the speedy Improvement of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (Five of whom to be real Owners of Lands sufficient to aualify them to be Commissioners in their own Right), shall and may, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money which they shall think necessary, for the making, carrying on, repairing, and preserving, the said Works, and, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, with any Stamp or Stamps, to assign over the said yearly Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money hereby charged, or to be charged upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and evciy or any Part thereof, (the Costs and Charges of whkfh Assignments shall be borne and paid out of the said Taxes, in such Manner and Form as to the said Commissioners shall lecm meet), as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money (such Sum or Sums so to be borrowed not to exceed in the Wholethe Sum of One thousand and four hundred Pounds) to such Person’ or Persons, or their Trustees, as shall advance or lend the Lrae, tofecureche Repayment thereof, with Interest: Which Money so borrowed shall be applied, in the First Place, to pay and discharge the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act of Parliament, and In the next Place, to defray the Charges and Expences of the Persons herein after appointed for ascertaining the High Lands, and then shall be applied and disposed of in making, erecting, repairing, enlarging, and maintaining, such Engines,'banks. Drains, and other Works, for the draining, unbanking, and preserving of the said Lands, as shall be thought expedient by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Assignments of the said Taxes so to be made by the said Commissioners, as aforesaid, shall be numbered, beginning with Number One, and so proceeding in Arithmetical Progression; and that no Aflaguracm shall oe made for any greater or Jester Sum than One hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Assignments or Securities to be made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall and may be assignable or transferable by Indorsement upon such Original Grant, or Security thereof, or otherwise* without Stamps, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and the Person or Persons to whom such Argument or Transfer shall be made shall and may, from and after the Time that the same is entered -in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, be well and sufficiently intitled to such Mortgage Monies, and Interest, and all the Monies then due, and thereafter to grow due thereon; which Entries are hereby required to be made on Request, and producing such Alignment, and paying Two Shillings and Sixpence to the Cletk or Treasurer of the

Commissionert *0 borrow Mon*}.

Apfllrutlon -vf tffec Money*

flTo Assignment shall be made For more than lool.

Alignment* may be irtoT-icucd.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 46. 755

the said Commissioners for every such Entry; and such Assignee or Assignees, and every other Assignee or Assignees, shall and may, by Indorsement, or otherwise, assign and trake over such Mortgnge or Mortgagee, and Securities, To afllgned as aforesaid, and so toties quotlcs as Occasion shall icquire, every such Alignment or Transfer bring entered in such Book as aforesaid./

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Commissioner and Commissionrrt Commissioners appointed by this Act, or who shall hereafter be appointed, by any Power or Autho- m*y cnd ous*~ riry hereby given, shall and lawfully may, notwithstanding his or their being such Commissioner or Commissioners, lend any Sum or Sums of Money on Security of the Taxes or Rates to be rated* charged, or assessed, by virtue of this Act* in such Manner as any other Person or Persons may, can, or ftufl do by Means or Virtue hereof; and that such Commissioner or Commissioners, so advancing or lending such Sum or Sums of Money, shall and may lawfully take a Mortgage or Mortgages, Alignment or Alignments, of the said Taxes from the said other Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, as a Security and Securities for the said Sum and Sums of Money so by him or them advanced and lent; which Mortgage or Mortgages, Assignment or Alignments, being so executed by 4he said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall be effectual and binding to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that the Commissioner or Commissioners so advancing or lending such Sum or Sums of Money, and accepting and taking such Security, shall, by Means and Virtue thereof, have and exercise such and the like Powers and Remedies for recovering and receiving the said Sum and Sums of Money, and the Interred thereof, and for assigning or transferring the same* as any other Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the said Rales or Taxes can, may* or shall have, and take* by Means and Virtue of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates, Taxes* and Sums of Money hereby Taw* assessed, or to be asseded upon and paid by the Owners or Occupiers of the said Fen Lands and Low in Credtart. Grounds, shall be charged and elnrgeable, in the First Place, with and for the Payment of all and every the Sum and Sums of Money, and the Interest of such Money* from Time to Time, and shall vest in the respective Creditor or C»editors, upon Default of Payment of such Principal Money, and Interest, until the same shall be fully satisfied and paid, together with the Costs and Charges occasion-cd by Nonpayment thereof, as aforesaid: And the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns ret‘pe<5lively, shall have the same Powers, Rights, and Privileges of assessing, railing, and recovering of the several Taxes and Sums, of Money payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of the ft id Fen Lands and Low Grounds, for or in tefpeA of such Principal Money and Interest, in case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners or their Collector could have had, in case the said Principal and Interest had been fully paid.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall neglect PowertoML to pay to the Receiver or Collector to be appointed, as aforesaid, at the Place of Abode of such Receive r traia# or Collector, the Money assessed, rated, or charged on him, her, or them respectively, by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Twenty-one Days after the respective Times of Payment herein-before appointed, it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Receiver, or for any other Person or Persons, at any Time or Times thereafter, by virtue of a Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of Three or more of the said Commissioners, (which Warrant or Precept the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them are hereby impowered and required from Time to Time to make, and issue, as Occasion shall require], to enter into and upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Limits aforesaid for which the said Taxes shall be so in Arrear, and all Messuages, Tenements, and Buildings thereupon (landing; and to levy the Sum or Sums of Money by him, her, or them payable for such Taxes so in Arrear, by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, which shall be found on the said Premises so charged with the said Tax in Arrear; and in case no sufficient Distress tan be found on the Premises, it shall be lawful for such Colleger or Receiver, or other Person or Persons* by virtue of such Warrant or Piecept as aforesaid, to levy the said Taxes in arrear by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, of the Person and Persons so making Default in Payment, in any other Place vfcithin the Kingdom of Great Britain; and the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle so'distiaintd to impound on the Premises, or carry away, drive* and impound in any other Place not above the Distance of Three Miles from the Place from whcuice they shall be so carried aw,.y and diiven, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof, leaving Notice in Writing at the House or usual Place of Abode of the Owner of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle, so distrained, or at the Usual Place of Abode of the Owner or Occupier of the Land charged with such Arrear of Tax, of the Cause of such Distress, and the Place where the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, shall be so impounded; and if the Owner or Owners of the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle, so distrained, shall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money in arrear, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress, or replevy the said Goods and Chattels, with sufficient Security to be given to the Sheriff of the County where such Dist.efs shall be so taken, or other Officer or Officers usually taking such Securities, according to the Laws now in being for Distress in case of Nonpayment of Rents, within Five Days after such Distress made, and Notice thereof given as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so distraining may* with the Sheriff or Under Sheriff of the County, Constable, or Headborough of the Parish or Place where Distress shall be made, (who are hereby required to assist therein), cause the said Goods and Chattels so distiamed to be appraised by Two or more indifferent Persons, to be sworn by such Sheriff*

Under Sheriff, Constable, or Headborough, (who are hereby impowered to administer such Oath), to appraise the same according to their Judgement; and after such Appraisement, it shall be lawful for such Collector, Receiver* or other Person or Persons making such Distress, to fell the said Goods and

Chattel)

Penalty on-

N^npymettt of f axes*

Gamouflfourt may enter on and h*Id P re-mi fes in case of Nonpayment of Taxes within Six Mont ha.

756 C. 46. Anno decirao tertio Georgir m. A.D. 1773.

Chattels so distra}n*d for the best Price that can be got for the same, for and towards Satisfaction for the Monies for Which such Distress (ballbe foXaken, and the Charges of taking, keeping, appraisinew and felling the said, Goods and Chattels, leaving the Overplus (if any be) in the Hknds of such Sheriff, Under Sheriff,-Constable, or Headborough, for the Owner's tlf:; and the Tenant and Tenants of -all and Angular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, which shall be rated and assessed by virtue of, this Act, is and are hereby required and authored to pay such Taxes or Rates, and JeJua the same ‘out of his, her, or their Rent j. and every Tenant paying such Tax or Rate shall be acquitted and discharged for so much. Money as such Tax or Rate he shall have so paid shall amount unto, as if the same had been actualty paid to the Person or Persons intitled to the Rent of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds*, t

XXVI. And, tO'the End that the full Sum which fear shall be so rated^ taxed, or assessed, may be duly answered and paid*. be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay, or cause to be paid, to the Col led or or Receiver for the Time being, the-Sum which he, she, or they shall be respectively charged withy by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Tvyo Calendar Months, aifter a personal Demand hath been made thereof by the Lid CoPcdior or Receiver, every such Person shall pay and forfeit the Sum of Two-pence for every Shilling which shall be so in arrear and unpaid; to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, and their Goods and Chattels, in such Manner as the aforesaid Taxes, Rates, or Assessments themselves, are herein and hereby direct!-ed to be levied *, and the Money so forfeited and levied shall be applied towards carrying on the said Works of Draining, and other the Purposes of Cfhis Ad.

XXVII. And whereas it may sometimes happen, that font* of the Lands and Grounds hereby made chargeable with the several Rates and Taxes as aforesaid may be untenacted for a considerable Time, and no Goods or Chattels may be found of the Owner or Owners thereof, so that no Distress can be taken for levying the said Taxes or Rates: Therefore, for the enforcing the Payment thereof in such cases, be it further enacted, That where any of the said Rates or Taxes shall be rn.arrear and unpaid by the Space of Six Months after the same shall become due or payable, and no sufficient Distress can be found ujjon the Lands or Grounds charged, therewith, or of the Own r or Owners thereof, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or mo;eof them, or any other Pei fort or Persons to be authorised by them, to enter, into and upon, have, hold,.pofll fs, and enjoy, the said Lands ami Grounds for which the said Rate* o;r Taxes shall be so in arrear and unpaid, and receive Said take the Rents, Blues* and Profits thereof, until thereby or therewith the said Rates and Taxes due for the same, and the Penalties incurred for the Nonpayment thereof, as aforesaid and albCofts*. Charges, and Expencesv that shall be occasioned by. or attending such Entry upon, or Perception of the Rents and Profits of the same Premises respectively, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXV1LL Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this AdYconuined shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge such of toe Lands and Grounds, within the Limits aforesaid* as are High Lands, and not subject to be drowned or overflown with. Water, with any Taxes or Rates to be aliened* rated, taxed, or charged on the said Lands and Grounds by virtue of this Act; nor shall the Powers and Authorities hereby given to the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any of them, extend to such High Lands not subject to be drowned or overflown with Water, otherwise than to impower the said Commissioners to scour out, cleanse, make, and preserve the Boundary. Dikes, Ditches, and Banks, already made*, or to be made and included within the Limits- aforesaid any Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding,

XXIX. And, for the better ascertaining of such High Lands, it is hereby further eni£Icd, That Roltrt Jthnfon of WhittLfty, in the /Jle of Ely and County of Cambridge, Gentleman, John Garner of the same Place, Gentleman*., and Daniel Plummer of Fdrcet Fen, in the said County of Huntingdon, Gentleman, or their Successors, (to be nominated and appointed as is hemp-after directed), or any Two of them, shall and may, at any Time after the passing of this Act, view and survey, the said several Lands and Grounds within the Limits aforesaid, and adjudge and determine which Parts thereof are High Lands, and not subje£itn be drowned or overflown with Water*

XXX. Provided always, That if the said Robert Johnjcn, John Garner, and Daniel Plummer s or any Two of them, shall and do make their-Award in Writing touching the Premises, under their Hand* and Seals, and deliver the same within Six Calendar Months next after the patting of this A<fl, to the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act and if they the said Robert Johnson, Jfhn Garnerand Daniel Plummer, or any Two of them, do and shall verify such Award, upon Oath, before the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at such Meeting* (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer);. that therv the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after such Meeting, cause the said Award to be entcrci and inrolled with the Cleric of the Peace for the said County of Huntingdon, (for whit h Entry or Inrolment the Sum of Two pence for every Seventy-two Words is to be paid, and no more); and that from and immediately, after such Entry and Inrolment, the said Award shall be blinding and conclusive to all Parties concerned therein.

XXXI. Provided always, and. be it enacted, That John Garner, and Daniel Plummer, or any Two of th-n

veyors, others to herei n-before directed for their completing the said Award, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for batbefea* the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to nominate and appoint One or more Person or Persons, in the Place and Sxead.ofo such of the n

the

Hi a Lands exempted from Paym ul ol Taxes.

1 foes appointed to a!cerUi:s High

Award to Vt.

made in Six*. Months*

On Death of the above Sur-

t in case of the Death of the said Robert Johnfonf i:m, or Refusal or Neglect to act by the Time

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 46. 757

the said Robert Johnson^ John Gamer* and Daniel Plummer, as shall happen to die, or refuse to act, as aforesaid; and such other Person or Persons, so nominated and appointed, shall have such and the same Power and Authority as is by this Act given to the Person or Persons who shall happen to die,

or refuse to act, as aforesaid.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Robert If Persons tp-^ Johnson^ John Garner, and Daniel Plummert or such other Person or Persons who may be appointed in *ot

their Stead, as aforesaid, or any Two of them, shall not make their said Award at or before the Time a* a*/in six herein-before limited and appointed; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Months othe.* Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting to be held in pur- to be appointed#, fuance hereof, by Writing, under their HanJs and Seals, to nominate Three or more disinterested Persons for the settling and afcei raining such Matters and Things as the said Robet't Johnson* John Garner, and Daniel Plummer, are hereby impowered to settle and afeeruin, within such Time or Times as *nc said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, shall fee convenient, and shall specify in such Appointment; and that, from and immediately after the signing and fealing of such Nomination and Appointment, the said several Persons so thereby nominated and appointed, shall be inverted with the same Powers as are hereby delegated and given to the said Robert Johnson, John Gardner, and Daniel Plumtner and the Award and Decermination of such Persons, or any Two of them, so to be appointed as aforesaid, touching the several Matters and Things to them referred, after the same shall be authenticated, in the same Manner as is herein before directed respecting the Award of the said Robert Johnson, John Garner* and Daniel Plummer, and also entered with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Huntingdon^ shall be binding and conclusive to the several Parties concerned therein.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Oath to be taken by- the Lid Robert Johnfonw John The Oath foU-Garner, and Daniel Plummer, or by such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated, as aforesaid, lowlh| uU-shall be adn\piiftered in the Words, or to the Effect, following;, <. taken;

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the be/l of my Skill and Judgement, execute the Tru/l reposed in me by virtue of an Act " For the more effectual draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon without Favour or Affection to any Person whotnjoever.

So help me GOD.

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Commissioners to administer.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That a Soke Dike, not exceeding Two Feet wide and Two Soke Dike*for’ Feet deep, shall and may be cut and made by the said Commissioners through the said Lands and beuwdc* Grounds, at any Distance not exceeding Sixty Feet from the Seat of each of the said Banks, and a Soke Bank laid on that Side thereof farchcft from the said Banks, for the preserving and keeping the Soke of the said Rivers, and other Outside Waters, from the said Fen Lands, and Low Grounds.

XXXV. And be it tnacled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Five to pernor more of them, may, and they are hereby impowered to purchase such Land, as they shall think for im-

proper, for the Purpose of getting Easth for the raising and supporting the Banks to be made or re- tingMatcmU, paired in pursuance of this Act, and to pay for such Land out of the Taxes to be jaised by virtue nereof.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors, $0myot* m?y or other Officers appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of their., to cut, dig, take, and carry away, or cause to be cur, dug, taken, and carried away, any Earth, or Materials proper for repairing any of the Banks within the Limits aforesaid, in, upon, out of, or from, any. Kiver or Brook, Waste or Common, in any Parish, Town, or Place, in, adjoining to, or near, the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, without paying any Thing for the same; they the said Surveyors,: or other Officers, filling up or doping down the Pits and Holes made by digging such Earth dr Materials with all convenient Speed; and, in the mean Time, making a sufficient Fence, to prevent any Misfortune ar Accident happening in any such Pits or Holes: And if a Quantity Materials sufficient or conveniently situated for that Purpose cannot be found in or upon any such River, Brook* Waste, or Common, then it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, by virtue of a Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of srfty Five or more of the said Commissioners,

(which Warrants and Precepts the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby im* < '

powered to grant), to cut, dig, take, and carry away, or cause to be cut, dug, taken, and carricu away, any Quantity of Earth, or other^Materials. proper and sufficient for that Purpose, in, upon^.. out of, or from, any of the Lands or Grounds of any Person, where the same may be had or found, except from or out of the Lands and Grounds of the said Sir Samson Gideony Baronet, called Adventurers Lands, to be used towards repairing the said Banks, (such Lands or Grounds not being a Yard, walled Garden, Park, Paddock, Wood, Coppice, Nursery, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House), they the said Surveyors, or other Officers, paying or tendering a reafoiuble Compensation to the re- n gatil% spective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds for such Earth, or other Materials atul for fdoionio nle* the Damage done to such Lands and Grounds, by cutting, digging, and carrying away, the lame: Owrcis.

And in case of any Difference between the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or Justices to dr.* other Officer or Officers, and any of the said Owners or Occupiers, touching the Prtinifes, any Two *rn, ne er more Justices of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place, where the same shall happen, not *ercnces» interested in the Premises, shall and may, on Ten Days Notice thereof, in Writing, to be given by Vou XL 5 E any

758 c. *6, Anno decioio tcfjtio OeQROii.III. A.D. 1/7>

any such Surveyor, or other Officer, to such Owner or Occupier, or by such Owner or Occupier to such Surveyor or other Officer, to be left at their respective Places of Abode with Come or One of their respective Families, hear, settle, and determine, the Matters of the said Damages; and the Deter* mination of such Jthftices shall be final to the said Parties without any Appeal therefrom. r©mmissioner« X^XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Once in every Year, (that is toCrdeAc- to say), at either of the said General Meetings, or on any subsequent Day to which the said Com-countt. mjfRoners? or any j.'jvc or more of them, shall adjourn, Inspection shall he had by the said Commifa*

sioners, or any Fiye or more of them, of the Receipts dnd Diffiurfements of such Monies as shall have been raised and received by virtue of this Act for the Year then last past; and all Accounts

- relating thereto, (bail, at such Meeting, be made up and settled by the said Commissioners, or any

Five or more of them, at which Time the Clerk, Treasurer, Collector, and Receiver, of the said Taxes and Rates, and other Officers, are hereby required to attend with proper Books of Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements, and all Vouchers for the same; and, on considering and examining the ! said Account's, and all other Vouchers of ttoe Receipts and Disbursements of the Money raised and received by virtue of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby rnrpowered to allow and *pass, under their Hands, the said Accounts, or' such Part or Parts thereof* as they (halHhink just and reasonable; and such Account or Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be so pa(Tcd and allowed, as aforesaid, shall be fairly entered in Books to be kept for that Purpose; which said Books, as well as all other Books for the entering of any Orders or Proceedings .-of the said Commissioners, shall be kept by the Treasurer, or such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of any Five or more of them, shall appoint, fot the Inspection of the several Owners of Lands rated or taxed by virtue of this Act, or their Agents.

OUkcrttoic- 1

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Clerk. c«»nt upon }ot Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Officer. Orth. or Officers, so appointed as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath, when thereunto required by thi/‘ said Com -

mifiianers, or any Five or more of them, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One or mom of them, is and are hereby impowered to administer), give in to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, a true, exact, and perfect Account, in Writing, under their respective Hands, with proper Vouchers, of all Monies which he or they, or every or any of them, shall, to fm h Time, have received, paid, and disbursed, by virtue of this Act, or by reason of thfcir respective Office or Offices *, and in case the Monies so received, shall remain in his, their, or any of their Hands, the same shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or apy Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, autho-' ' - - rife and impower to receive the same: And in case any such Clerk, Collector,‘Receiver, Treasurer, or

' other Officer, shall not give in and make such Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse t« deliverup all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody, to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or to such other Person or Persons, as they, or any Five or more of them, shall order or diredfa; thats, irt either of the said cases, any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for ‘ ': ‘; the said County of Huntingdon shall and may make Inquiry of and concerning such Default as aforesaid. in a summary Way,* as well by ConFtffion of the Party as by the Testimony of One or more

~ ' credible Witnefa of "Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justice and Justices is and a*e hereby aotHCrVfed and required* to administer without Fee or Reward); and if any such Clerk, Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, or other Officer, (Jiall beconvided of all or any of the Offences aforesaid, such ~ Justice or Justices shall, upon such Conviction, commit the Party to the common Gaol of the said

' - County of Huntingdon, until he shall have made a perfect Account and Payment, as aforesaid, and delivered up all such Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody, or shall have compounded and agreed with the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and paid such Compulsion -money j which Composition the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to make. 4 ,

vpreewiinfsof 4

XXXIX. Provided always and be it enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners Commissioners, or any of them, at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, to be enter©! in shall be entered in Books to be kept for that Purpose; and that such Orders ami Proceedings, Boole#, &c. so entered, shall be signed by any Five or more of the said Commissioners so alVembled at such Meetings.

NoO c’eros

XL. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no Older whi(h shall be maJe by the said Commissioner * Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, it any of their Meetings by virtue of this Act, shall be to be rrvrrfed fcltcic J, reversed, annulled, or made void, at any subsequent Meeting, unit fs Notice inWti/ing, fat-without 14U3V. ting forth the Indent of such Meeting, be affixed on the Outside of the Church Door ot Yaxley *fore-4 *ol, cc* said. Fourteen Days before such subsequent*Meeting, and unless Seven or mo:e of the said Commissioners be present at such subsequent Meeting, and confant thereto.

Penalty on de-

XLL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall stroying Works, wilfully and maliciously burn, cut, break down, demolish, or destroy, or cause, procure, or hire, any. *£ ciotiy*, other Person or Persons *0 burn, cut, breakdown, demolish,-or destroy, any Bank, Mill, Engine,

‘, Flood-gate, Sluice, or Tuniul, already made, erected, or 11 fed, or which shall or may at any

, ', "Time or Times hereafter be making or erecting, or be made, eredfed, supported, maintained*

*or .11 fad, for the Purposes of draining and preserving the Lands and Ground; within the Limits. aforesaid, every Person and Persons so offending, and being convicted thereof, shall be guilty, of Felony1, and shall bg subject and liable to the fixe Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony;,

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 46. 759'

and th* Court* by or before whom such Person or Perforw shall be tried and conv*i6ted, shall, and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Felons for Seven Years* in such Manner as other Felons are ditched to be transported by the Laws of this Realm; and if my Person or Persons (hair *ndondamping wilfully and maliciously stop* dam up, breakdown, demost fh, damage^ or deft roy\ or cause, ^rocurfe;6r^ w°rks» note*, hire, any Person or Persons to-stop, dam up* break. down, demoirfti* damage* of deftrhy* tmy Rivet* cet 08 *c Drain or Watercourse, Door, Dam, Bridge, Heading, or eft her Work Or Works already foide, cut,* or erected* or which shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, be milking, cutting, of etedting, of made, cut* erected, supported* maintained, or tiled, for answering the Purposes of diaining and preserving the Lands and Grounds within the Limits aforesaid, every Person so offei dlrig, and biing thereof convicted on the Oath of One or more credible Witnfds or Witnesses1, before One of frtord Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Huntingdon, not interested therein, every PeifbiV Of persons so convidicd :rs aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay* for every ftion Offence, any Sufrt not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor lef9 than Twenty Pounds; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods *no Chattels of every such Offender or Offenders^ by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, of Minds and Seals, of such Justices, and to be applied and disposed of in the Improvement of the Works to be made by virtue of this Act, and not otherwise; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Offertdef or OF fenders shall be committed by fetch Justices to the House of Correction of the faits Courity of Huntingdon to hard Labour, for the Space of Six Calendar Months, without Bail 6f Mainprize* or until such Penalty shall be paid.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the find Corhirtiffiondrs, of arty CawtoirtWn* Five or more of them, may, and they are hereby impowered, out of the Monies afifing by the said m»y make anj Taioes,* ton make such Allowances for the catching and destroying of Moles1, and other Ve*rmin, in the l0W?"CCSwri Banks and Lands belonging to and withintbc* Limks aforesaid* as they the said Comfoiffibh£f$, or any IDg oe* Five or more of them, shall think proper.

XLith And whereas it frequently happen^by the Negligence or CstieldTnefi of Servants, of dther Howi*erfo®> Person* employed in burning Fen Lands* in ordcT to their being converted irttri Tillage, that the Banks lying contiguous to such Lands are burnt and damaged, by the Fife1 being differed to reirtaih font r"*

long on such Lands, and thereby extending to such Bariks; be it therefore coaled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, who shall ba employed ill burning arry of the Lands or Grounds within the Limits afo* esaid>,* shall carel.ssly or wilfuMy set fife' to of burn, or cause to be fired or burned, any of the Banks lying near or adjoining to any of the said Fert Lands or Low Grounds, feras such Banks be by Means of such Fire destroyed or damaged, such Person or Persons, being the ieof lawfully coilvicted by the Oath of One or more credible Witncf* or Witnesses, or by Confession, be* fore any One or more justice or Justices of the Peace for ffoe said County of Huntingdon) not iri~ tcrested within the Limits aforesaid, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer, and also to hear and deterrtvfoe the said Offence), shall give and make such Satisfaction and Recompence to the said ConYmifliorter for Damage done to the said Banks as such Justice shall think reasonable; such Satisfactiort and Rdcomperice to be paid by such Offender or Offenders* wtthinf such Time as by such Justice or Justices shall be ordered or appoihfed, into the Hands of the Receiver,; Collector, o? Treasurer, for the Time being, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, to be applied' for and towards the repairing and artiending of such Banks: And rn case of Nonpayment thereof,* the same shall be levied by Distress artJ'Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or BunJs and Seals, of the said Justice or Justices' before whom such Gonvi&ioir shall be made* and fort warft of furficient Dtftrefa such Offender or Qftfen lers shall by such Justice or Justices, be committed to the Common Goal fob thb said County* for such Time or Times as such Justice or Justices shall order and direct, not exceeding Three Months, or untit such Damage e? Recomptmce shall be pliefo' ‘

[

to forfeit 50l.]

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Personfof Person* shall Persons aif-ere^t, ffet up, use* or Work, any Horse-mill, Gig, Engine, or other Device whatsoever, for draining tlKou^h or dischareing-\V*ater from any of the Lands and Grounds within the Limits aforesaid, through or LawhuA^hec upon the Lands of any other Person or Persons, or in any other Manner than directly and immediately neifon* from the Lands of the nefpettive Owner of such Mill, Gig, Engine, or other Device, into the said Turd's End Dike or Load) or any River Dike or Drain, on the Outside of the Boundaries of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, every Person so discharging or throwing Water as aforesaid, otherwise than into such Yard's End, Dike or Lo id> or River Dike or Drain, on th? Outside of the said Boundaries, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifcy Pounds many Person who shall and will foe for the same fame; One Moiety thereof to the Person who shall foe for the same, and trie other Moiety to be paid to the Collector or Receiver of the Taxes for the Time being, to be applied for the Purposos of draining attd preserving the said Fen Lands and tow Grounds; and the Owner of such Mill, Gig, Engine, or other Device* shall also make full Compilation and Satis-faction to all and every Person and Persons who shall be injured thereby for the Damages such Person 5tud Persons shall thereby fuftaiifo and such Penalty, Compensation, and Satisfaction, shall be reedvered, together with full Costs of Suit* by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster* so which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLV. And whereas the Proprietors of the fever^l Lands and Grounds frequently cutup the same Penalry Per. into Firing, whereby the Value thereof- is so much lessencd that the Rates and Taxes charged thereon ' ^itroyng

be levied and raised, by which Means the Security of the said Taxes become of TeL Value lhc CJ,ou"rS bjr

_ 17 _ curting oi 1 ir*

StJ' u>in<.

760 C. 46. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A-.P- "773-

to the Person or Persons advancing Money thereon; be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore-

fa id. That if any Person or Person s, being Owner or Proprietor of any of the Lands and Grounds Within the Limits aforesaid, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cut or dig up, or cause or fuller to be cyt.or dug up, any of the said Lands or Grounds into Firing, such Owner or Owners of Lands shall, within One Calendar Month after the same shall be so cut or dug up into Firing as aforesaid. pay the said Collector or Receiver of the said Taxes for the Time being after the Rate of Seven Pounds and Ten Shillings an Acre for the Lands or Ground which shall be so cut or dug up as aforesaid; and in case such Owner or Proprietors shall neglect or refuse to pay the same within One Calendar Month after the same (halt be so cut or dug up for the Purpose aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, assembled at a Meeting to be called for that Purpose, by Warrant or Precept under their Hands and Seals, to order and direct the Colleger or Receiver of the said Taxes for the Time being to recover the same by Distress and Sale of the Firing so cut, in such and the same Manner as the said Rates and Taxes are hereby recoverable and the said Sum or Sums of Money, so to be paid or recovered, shall be, and hereby is and are vested in the said Commissioners, and to be placed out by them and their Successors, in their Names, or in the Names of any Five or more of them, at Interest, as a Security for the Money so borrowed on the Security of the said Taxes, and the Interest thereof, to be yearly paid and applied, in the First Place, for and towards the Interest of Money so due on the Credit of the said Taxes, and, after Payment thereof for and towards the necessary Works of the said District.

Penalty on turn-

XLVI. And whereas the Banks already made, or hereafter to be made, by virtue of this Act, may ing.Hogt oa the be greatly 4njured if any Hogs or Swine are suffered to wander thereon, be it further enacted, That if any Hogs or Swine shall, at any Time after the passing of this Act, be found upon the said Banks or any of them, the Owner or Owners of such Hog9 or Swine shall forfeit and pay, for every such Hog or Swine so found on any of the said Banks, the Sum of Five Shillings for every Day in which Hogs or Swine shall be found thereon.

Persont cutting

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall cut, dig, Djrchet, Jrc. or continue, for Six Months after passing this Act, or cause to be cut, dug, or continued, as aforesaid, within a certain any Dikes or Ditches in the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds within the Distance of Sixty Feet from clinic to forfeit ar>y Bank which shall be made or used for the Purposes of this Act, other than except such Soke-£j# <dikes, as the said Commissioners are herein-before impowered to make, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Rod of such Ditches so cut, dug, or continued, (except such prefait Division-dikes, the Owner or Occupier of which shall make, repair, and for ever maintain a good and sufficient Dam in and across the same, at the Difiance of Sixty Feet from the said Banks, to turn the Waters soaking through such Banks into the before-mentioned Soke-dikes, thereby to prevent the same from running or expanding any further upon the said Lands and Grounds than the said Soke-dikes, such Division-dikes not to be within the Distance of Twelve Feet from the said Banks); and if any Person or Persons shall make or cut, or cause to be made or cut any Watering-places, or any Place of Access for Cattle to drink, within Sixty Feet of the Seat of the said Bank*, or in any Mill-drain, within any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall make, or cause to be made, any Soke-dike or ditch, (except as before excepted) in and upon any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Distance of Sixty Feet from any Bank now made, or hereafter to be made, by virtue of this Act, within the Limits aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Four-pence for every Foot in Length of such Soke-dike, and after the same Rate for every Month such Soke-dike shall remain unfilled after Notice given by the Clerk or Agent to the said Commissioners to such Person or Persons who shall have dug, or caused to be dug, the same; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall have full Power at any Time, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Lands wherein such Soke-dike shall be made, to (ill up and levtl the same: All which Forfeitures shall, upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders before One or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Huntingdon, not interested in the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and impowered to administer, and also to hear and determine the said Offences) be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Collector, Receiver, or Treasurer of the said Taxes, to be applied for carrying on the Works of the said Drainage: And in case of the Nonpayment thereof, such Forfeitures shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall be made; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Offender shall, by such Justice or Justices, be committed to the common Gaol of the said County of Huntingdon, for such Time as such Justice or Justices shall order and direct, not exceeding Six Months.

hr.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the lo be built near Thirty-full Day of May, One thousand seven hundred ard seventy-three, no House or Buildings * whatsoever shall be crested, or Trees or Holts planted, nearer to any Mill, Engine, or Bank already

built, made, erected, or employed, or hereafter to be built, crested, made, or employed, for draming the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the L mi s aforesaid, than Forty Poles, (being the Poles of Eighrcen Feet from such Mill or Engine, and Twelve Feet liom such Bank respectively;: And if any Person shall build or crest, cr cause to bs built or erected, any House, Barn, or other Building, or shall

A.D. 1773. Anno dechno tprtio Georgi; |II. C. 46. 761

shall plant any Tree or Holt, within the Distance of Forty Poles from such or Engine, or within Twelve Feet from such Bank, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every House or Building the Sum of One hundred Pounds; to be recovered and paid in like Manner as the Penalties hereinbefore jnenrioned for erecting Horse-mills, Gigs, 'Engines, or other Devices for throwing of Water; and for every Tree the Sum of Ten Shillings, and Twenty Pounds for every Holt so planted which said Penalties of Ten Shillings and Twenty rounds are to be levied and paid in Wee Manner as the Penalties inflicted for cutting Oike9 or Ditches within Sixty Feet of the Banks; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them,^ are hereby impowered, at any of therr Meetings, by an Order under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of them, to direct their Agents, Workmen, or Servants, to take down such Buildings so erected, and to pull up such Trees or Holts so planted, contrary to this A6h '

XLIX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, *]Thae if any Trees <jr Holts are no* grow- Commi^mri ing within the Distance of Forty Pole$ from any Mill or Engine already built, or Jicrc.ifter shall be may cut do* growing or (landing within the said Distance fro»,n any Mill or Engine to be built, or within the DjCr ,frcef *row,f>s ttnee of Twelve Feet from any Bank already made, or which hereafter shall be made, for draining the Lands and Grounds within the Limits aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by like Order under their Hands and Seals, to direct the same to be pulled or cut down, as if the same had been planted since the passing of this Act; making such Satisfaction to the Owners of such Trees and Holts-as shall be agreed upon between such Owner and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them i and in case any Difference or Difpiite shall arise between the said Commissioners and such Owners touching such Satisfaction, and the same Cannot \>c "settled, between them, then such Satisfaction and Recompence shall be finafly determined in such and the same Manner as is herein-before prescribed for ascertaining the Recompence to be made for Damage by erecting and making any Works in pursuance of this Act.

L. And whereas the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds hereby intended to be drained are in their Fen Und«, *e. present Situation of ftnall Valufe, and yield little or no Profit to the Proprietors or to the Publick, and to be aflfcflcdta their improved Value entirely depends upon large Sums of Money continually to be expended in the Poor Rate* Preservation thereof, which Sufns cannot be raised without the Aid of Parliament, subjecting the Owners or Occupiers of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds to an heavy annual Acre-tax, whereby they will not receive z Profit from the faine according to their extended Rents, but according to a reduced Rent, after deducing the said Acre Rate or Tax; And whereas it is apprehended that Advantage may he taken of such:extended nominal Rents by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the said Parish of YaxUy, wherein such Lands lie, to assess the same at a higher Rate than those Lands ought in Justice to bear; for Prevention whereof, and to encourage publick Works of draining, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such Assessments the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds shall hereafter be rated and assessed to the Church and Poor Rates of the said Parish according to their Value only, after deducing the Rates or Taxes hereby imposed, and not othenyife.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases Wherein Jurisdiction is given to any Justice or Justices to *-Justices of the Peace by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer mmfterOaih*. an Oath to any Person or Persons for his or their more, certain Information in the Matters xhen depending before such Justice or Justices.

[Owner or Occupier

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Land lying within the Limits aforesaid, through which any Droveway- pier to cleanse dike, Outring-dike, or Division-dike, leading to any of the Mill-drains within the Limits aforesaid, Dikef-doth or shall pass, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to road, scour, cleanse, open, or repair any such Dike, or to make the same of the Depth of Four Feet, and the Width of lyine Feet at the least, after Ten Days Notice in Writing to him, Jicf, or them, from Time to Time, given by the Collector,

Receiver, or other Officer of the said Commissioners, pursuant to an Order in Writing under th

Hands of Five or more of the said Commissioners, then it shall be lawful for such Collector, Receiver, or other Officer, from Time to Time, to cause such Dikes to be roaded, scoured, cleansed, opened, deepened, and repaired, in a sufficient Manner, and made of the Width aforesaid, at the prope Costs,

Charges, and Expences of such Owners or Occupiers; and that where-ever a Road or Way shall have been made over or across any such Dike, without a sufficient Tunnel lying the rein, to cause such Ways or Roads to be taken up, and such Dike to be made of a proper Width and Depth for conveying the Waters through the same to the Mill or Mills, Engine or Eogines, erected, or to be erected, for draining the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds; and by a Warrant or Precept, under the Hands of Five or more of the said Commissioners, to levy all such Charges and Expences as shall be occassioned by the deepening and widening of the said Dikes, or the taking up of such Roads, upon the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the said Lands through which the said Dikes shall pass, or upon which they shall adjoin, and who shall make or continue, or cause to be made or continued, such Road or Way as aforesaid.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con- Commissioners strued to extend, to impower the said Commissioners, or their Successors, to have, use, or exercise any to have no Power or Authority whatsoever, over any of the Banks, Dams, Headings, Bridges, or other Works, Power upon The made, or to be made, by the said Sir Sampfin Gideon, his Heirs or Assigns, in or upon a certain Drain i wclve Foot called The Twelve Foot Drain, being the Division Fence between the Lands of the said Sir Sampfin Diam#

Gideon, called Adventurers Lands, and the Ealt End of the said Distiiit; but that the same shall for ever, after the passing of this Act, continue vested in the said Sir Samp fin Gideon, his Heirs and Assigns, as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

LIV

And

Mills to It in^ iuicd*

Writings, to b«

76? C. 46. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Roid to be made

LIV. And whereas the Gwnfers and Octupters of the fevctal C(oses of Grounds lying. i Hog Fen*

a Hog Fen, &D the EaU* Side bf ihte aforesaid River called The Load, have heretofore had* and used‘ to have and

, enjoy, a Driftway for Cattle to their several Closes, between such Closes and the aforesaid. River, tut

by Means of the Boats navigating and being hauled oft that Side of the said River, the Land or Ground where fudv Way was, h now in a great Measure Worn away, and' become Part of the Ciid River, whereby the said Owners and Occupiers are deprived of a Road or Way to their falJ reflective Closes. or Grounds: Therefore, fob providing a Way for the said several Owners andf Occupiers to their said respective Closes or Grounds for the* future, it is hereby enacted, That in all such Places where the said Road or Way by the said River Sidfe, within the said District, is not of the Width of Twelve Feet, the said commissioners, or any Fife or more of them, shall and1 may have fuIFFower and Authority to fee out and.take Twelve Feet in Width-of the Land, Ground, or Dikes, from the East Side r of the said River, and to level and All up the said Land, Ground, and Dikes, with Earth, effectually,.

to be tried as a Road or Way to the (Hid federal Closes ot Grounds, in as full and ^mpTe a Manner as \. the Way by the said River Side has heretofore been used or enjoyed, and to make Banks thereon, not-

withstanding such Twelve Feet in Width, to be taken for the said Way^and Banks may extend into^ the Lands, Grounds, or Dikes, of private Property, the said , or any Five or more of them, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners who have a Right to the Soil, for the Damages he, she, or they, shall fuftairt thereby, as shall be Agreed upon between fudv Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at their respective Meetings for the Time being, and such €>wn:r or Owners; and in case they cannot agree concerning the Amount of such Damages, then the same shall be affdTed and finally determined by the Justices of the Peace of the Quarter Sessions, to be holden sots the Chulrty of Huntingdon^ in the same Mainer as the Damages to be done by: the making of Banks br other Works, in purltiaiYCe of this Act, ire hfcrein-before directed to be adjudged and de-< termined; the Expences of making such aforesaid Road pr Way, and, Satisfaction to such Owners of the Soil, to be paid for out of the Monie$l to bfi raised by virtue of this Act.

LV. And br rt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ITiat the said Comnwflpners, pr any Five or more of therh, shall caufrall and every the Engines and Mills, which shall be erected and employed by by virtue of this Act, to be fufured against Fire in some of the publick Insurance Offices* and, from Time to Time*, to pay the Expence attending such ‘Infuriates put of, the Money, arising by virtue of this Act.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Nomination, Appointment, Mortgage, or other-without Sumpu Security for Money, Contract, Agreement Information, Conviction, Judgment, Warrant under the Hand or Hantte, Plarul’and Stator Hands and Seals, of any Commissioner or Commissioners, Justict or Juflrces of the Peace, or exhibited before any of them, in pursuance of any of the Powers ot Authorities byrthis Act veiled in such Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices of the Peace, nor any Transfer of any Mortgage or Security, nor any Bond taken fioaiany Officer or Officers. fur the due Execution of 'their respective Offices, in pursuance of this Act, nor any other ’ Writing whatever concerning the Execution of this Act, shall be charged, or chargeable, with any

~ /,:St!mp-duty. ';. it >v r.

forfoBt argriev- LV 1L; And btr itfftrihetenacted, That all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by the il mly apjcn Order or Judgement of any J.uPrice or- Justices of the Peace, on account of any Offence committed, or

' ' supposed to be committed, against this Act, or any Penalties to be levied by virtue thereofr rnay appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Huntingdon, at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace*to be held for the said County, after the cause of AppealThall happen, the Ferfoiv or Plrfpns so appealing fiirft entering into a Recognizance, with sufficieiu Sureties, to the Satisfaction of the Lid Justice or Justicvs, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and, to pay the Cods which shall \u ascertained by the said Justices in the said General or Quarter Sessions, in case fuc;fi Order 07-Judgcment shall be affijmed j and the said Jnftites, in their said General or Quarter Sessions^re hereby authorised anj required to hear and determine such Appeal, and give such Costs to cither Party, as they dial I think reasonable, and to make such Order therein as to them shall appear just j. which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or femoveabie by any Writ of Csrthrari% or other wise, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Hejiuunsler^ or elL-where.

rro woin

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or other Proceeding, to be made or-had before anyri

Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of the Powers by this Act granted, shall be qjaallied or made-want ot F^rm. void for want of Form only.

Di:lreft not un*

LIX. And be it further enacted, That where any, Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of

>.wtul for want Money Co be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress iticlf shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the &.* Form, Party or Parties making the same be deemed a TrespatLT or Trespass’ers, on account of any Defector

want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings rclatingi hereto > nor shall the Party or Parties efiftraining be deemed a Trespasser or T respyaffers ab ini to i on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties.distraining hut the Person or Perform aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in any Action upon the Case.

Sjvlni to

LX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, tlV u*rpora*ion nr *ny Tiling herein contained, shall not extend', or be construed to extend, tp impower the said fti ii dliidLevel, Commissionerj, or any of them, to have, use, or exercise any Authority over, or intermeddle wiim ' any of the Sewers, Drains, or Works, already made, or hereafter to be made, byt the Govrroor^ Bai

1j&,

? the Scft fiua.*

tcinvftc Dil-iuvii :cs.

Pro:e«^in(»s not

A.D. 177.3* Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 47'v 763:

Jiffs, and Commonalty^ of the Qotppaoy of QvnfcrytKri <yf ;be Great-Levd of the Fens called Bedford Levels by virtue of an Act of Parliament made i h* Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charier the Second, intituled An Atlforfettling the draining of the Fin* celled, Bedford Level, o t by Vi r tue' o An A ym other Act or Statute whatsoever, ox to invalidate, l^ll'wi, fdionniflir ah«n *r vaki *w*yV aiby af the Rights, Powers, and Authorities, vested in the said Governors,] Bailifiij and Commonalty, lor in the said Governors, Bailiffs, Conservators *, but that, all Righft. Powers, and/AotHorLtics'tirharsoever,4 which by Virtue of the said Act, made in the said Fiffl&mH Year of the/aid* King C&tr/rrtheSecond, or any other Act or Statute whatsoever, now a*e vetted in the said Governor, Bailiff*, and Commonalty, or the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter continue, remain, and be. in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs,* and Conservators, and every of the/n, fully amply*/tb aiHntcnts and Purposes^ ah ifihis Act had never been made.

LXl. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and Sectored, That this Act, or fcn*y Thing Yfeli Act lott* herein contained, shall not extend, or be, confirmed to extend, to pir event fany Person or Persons from prevent thefts navigating with their Boats and Vessels as heretofore has been iccustomed in and upon the aforesaid Dike or Drain called The. Yard's End Dyte, and the said River or Dike called The Liads or either of them, or any Part thereof, (except only for such Time and Times as shall be necessary for damming and draining the same respectively, for the Purposes of laying such Tunnels, and for doing and executing such other Works therein, as to the said Commissioners or any" Five or more of them, shall seem expedient for the draining and preserving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds).

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action. Suit, or Infor- ^bn’rtttion of mation, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to Aa,on* be done, In pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall and may, plead the General Issue, and, if in Replevin, may justify General Mu* and avow I y virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and ^ive the Special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon* and that the Fast alledged to have been done was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have bt en so done, or if any such A^son or Suk shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, then the jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant, or Avowants or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his* her, of their Suit or Sui s, or if any Verdict shall pais against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise; then, or in any of the said cases, the Defendant or Defendants, AvoWant or Avowants,’

shall recover Treble Costs, for which fie, (he, or they, shall have the like Remedies as where Costs by Law are awarded.

LXIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be Pubi;«k Act deemed a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required Co take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act co. enable the Right Honourable Sackville Earl of Thanet to make a navigable Cut or Canal from a Place called The Spring, tying near Skiplon Castle in the County of York, to join to and communicate with the navigable Canal from Leeds to Liver-poole, in a Close called Hebble End. Closey in the Township of Skiplon, in the said County of York.

WHEREAS, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Tcrsh Year of the Reign of iVanA!* Hr-s present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for making dndmaintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from Leed-s Bridge, in the County Yoik, to the North Lady’s Walk in Liverpool*, in the County Palatine 4/'Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey), a considerable Part of the said Cana), which, lies between Leeds and Skrtton, in the said County of York, has been completed, and made navigable for Boars and other Vessels: And whereas the Owners and Occupiers of Land, and

others, the Inhabitants at or oeer Leeds, Bradford, Singly. Keighley, Sifden, and other Places lying contiguous to the said Carval, have Occasion for and are frequently in great Want of large Quantities of Lime and Lime Stones, Tbr the Improvement of their Lands, and other Purposes: And whereas the Right Honourable Sackvile Earl of Thanet is seised and possessed of certain Lands and Grounds near the Cattle of Skipton aforesaid, in which are great Quantities of Limestone Rocks, and which are situate within the Distance of Five hundred and tnirfy Yard's, or thereabouts, from that Part of the bid Canal which lies nearest to the Town of Skipton aforesaid: And whereas a navigable Cut or Canal isrvety capable of being matfe, For the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels, from a certain Part of the aforesaid’ Land of the said Earl ok Thanet, called The Spring, which adjoins to of is htuate near: the said Lifne^ttorte Rock?, through the Lands, Grounds, and Waste belonging to the said £arl, and

other I^nd belonging to the Free Grammar School at Skipton aforesaid, herein after more particularly mentioned, and* to join to and comrmmirare with the Taid navigable Cut from Leeds to Liverpooli?, in a.ccrfcUn<Close in the Township of Siiptou aforesaid, called The Hcbble End Close, by Means whereof

7^4- C. 47.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

the several Towns and Place* aforesaid, and the adjacent Country, may, at all Times, be supplied ‘ with Lime and Lime Stone from the said Lime-stone Rocks, which will be of great and general Utility :-And whereas the said Close called The Hebble End Close, through which the said intended navigable Cut or Canal is to be made, and* in which it is to join* to and communicate with the Leeds and Liverpooli Canal, belongs to the Free Grammar School at Skipton aforesaid, and a great Part of the said Close will be necessary to the said Earl, his Heirs and Assigns, for the making of 4,:the said navigable Cut or Canal, and the Roads and Towing-paths on the Side thereof: And whereas the said Earl of Thanet is willing and desirous, at his own Expence, to make and mainta’n 4 such intended navigable Cut or Canal j but as the same cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by tl^e King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. The Earl of. That the said Earl of Thanet, his Heirs and Assigns, shall be, and he is and they are hereby im-h>oet \m* powered, by him and themselves, his-and their Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to make Powered to com- and complete a Cut or Canal, navigable or passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or near piete a n«vipbte a certain Place or Parcel of Land belonging to the said Earl, and situate near to Skipton Castle, in the tonCaAle* P* County of York, called The Spring, through the Gardens, Houses, Lands, Grounds, and Waste, belonging t3, and the Property of the said Lari; and also through a certain Close belonging to the Free Grammar School, called The Hebble End Close, situate in the Township of Skipton aforesaid, and the several Roads and Highways leading from or lying between the said Place, called The Spring and The Hebble End Close aforesaid, to join to, and communicate with the said Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool?, in the the said Close called The Hebble End Close, and to supply the said Cut or Canal, while the same shall be making, and when made, with Water from such Springs, Soughs, Brooks, Drains, Streams, and Watercourses, as shall be found in making the said Cut or Canal; and also to make such Reservoirs as shall be found necessary for the Purposes of the said Cut or Canal, within the Lands, Grounds, and Waste aforesaid, for the more convenient supplying the said Canal with Water, as also for the making, using completing, extending, and maintaining of such Trenches, Paffaecs, Gutters, and Watercourses, Soughs, and Drams, as shall be proper and necessary to convey Water into, out of, or under the said Cut or Canal } and to alter, divert, and change the Courses of any Brooks or Watercourses that may in any Manner hinder, damage, or obstruct, the said Cut or Canal; and to carry, divert, and convey such Brooks or Watercourses through and over the Grounds adjoining to or near the Course of the said Cut or Canal, and to make such Banks between the same, where necessary, as will be sufficient for a Road and Towing-path, and to separate such Brooks or Watercourses from the said Cut or Canal; and also to make, build, ered, and set up, in or upon the said intended Cut or Canal, or upon the Lands and Grounds now the Property of the said Earl, adjoining or near the said Canal, such and so many Bridges, Tunnels, Aqueducts, Sluices, Locks, Weirs, Pens, Reservoirs, Drains, Wharfs, Quays, Landing-places, Loading-places, Weigh-beams, Cranes, and other Works, Ways, Roads, and Conveniencies, as and where the said Earl, his Heir* and Assigns, shall think requisite and convenient for the Purposes of the said Navigation; and also to alter, repair, amend, widen, or enlarge the said Works of or belonging thereto; and also to make, maintain, repair, and alter any Fences or Passages over, under, or through the said Cut or Canal, or the Tunnels, Aqueducts, Soughs, Trenches, Passages, Gutters, Watercourses. and Sluices respectively, which shall communicate therewith; and also to make, set up, and appoint, such Roads or Towing-paths, Banks, and Ways, convenient for towing, hailing, or drawing of Boats, Barges, or other Vends, passing in, through, or upon, the said Cut or Canal j and to con ft ru 61, erect, and keep in Repair, any Piers, Arches, and other Works, in, upon, and across, any Rivers or Brooks, for the making, using, maintaining, and repairing, the said Cut or Canal, and Towing-paths on the Sides thereof j and also to constru£t, erect, make, and do, all other Matters and Things which the said Lari, his Heirs or Assigns, shall think convenient and necessary for the making, effecting, preserving, improving, completing, and using the said Navigation, in pursuance, and within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Tnifteeiof ih« U. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustee or Trustees CramnurScho>1 for tfoe 'p;mc being, of the Free Grammar School at Skipton aforesaid, to sell and convey such Part of the said Close called The Hebble End Close, as shall be necessary for making the said Navigable Cut or Canal, and the Roads and Towing-paths on the Side thereof, to the said Earl, his Heirs and Assigns, for such Price or Prices in Money, as by the several Persons herein after named as Arbitrators, or any Three or more of them, shall be settled and adjusted in Manner herein after mentioned; and that all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the Contrary notwithstanding; and the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of the said School is and are hereby indemnified for what he, they, or any of them, shall respectively do by virtue of qt in pursuance of this Act.

All Sums ifing

III. And be it further enacted, That such Part of tie f»id Close, called The fiebble End Close, as shall from the Mar- be so fold and conveyed, pursuant to the Power and Authority hereby given, shall be and remain from chase of H.’Sble thenceforth forever freed and absolutely discharged of and from all and every the Uses, Trusts, EndClcfe robe Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, in and by any Settlement, Feoffment, or other Convey-

ance or Assurance thereof, limited, fcxpressed, and decl.ired j and that all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be r ceived as and for the Purdiafe of any Part of the said Close as aforesaid, shall be laid out, as soon as conveniently may be, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and

Hereditaments,

*t Sk p on may fell Part of Hebble End Close.

laid ><ot in the Purchase of elite; Lands.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

0. 47- 765.

Hereditaments, so to be purchased, shall be conveyed unto, and vested in, the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of the Free Grammar School aforesaid, who shaft stanft seised of and be possess'ed in the same, to and for such Uses, Estates, intents, and Purposes, and under and subject to such Trusts, as the said Close, called The Hebble End Close, is limited, settled, and assured; and, in the mean Time* and until such Purchase or Purchases shall be made, the said Money (half be placed out by the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of the same School in some of the publick Funds, 6r on Government or Real Securities, in the Names of the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of the same School; and the Interest arising, or to be produced from such Funds br Securities, shall be paid and applied in such and the same Manner, and for such and the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, in calc the same were purchased and settled pursuant to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Acth

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall bd, and it is hereby referred Arbitrator* re-to Stephen Walter Tempest^ of Broughton, in the said County of York, Esqtrirfc; Johk Clayton, of Carr, p^cVs in Money in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire; John Currer% of Kildwith, in the said County of York, to be paid by Esquire; Roger Swire, of Connonley, in the same County, Esquire; Matthew Wilson, of rfftoton, in the Earl of Thanet. same County, Esquire; Thomas Lifter, of Gisborne Park, in the same County, Esquire; the Reverend William Roundel, of Mar ton, in the same County, Cleric; and WiUtarh Bagfhavu, ofi Coatcshall, in the same County, Esquire; to settle, adjust, and determine the Price’of Prices In Money which shall be paid by the said Earl of Thanet, his Heirs or Assigns, and shall be accepted by the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of the same School, for the Purchase of such Part of the same Close as he the said Earl of Thanet, his Heirs or Assigns, shall be desirous to purchase for the Purpose aforesaid; and that all and every other Questions, Matters, and Differences,«which shall or may happen to arise between the said Earl of Thanet, his Heirs and Assigns; and the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of the said Free Grammar School, of their Leffecs, Tenants* or Oqcu- t piers, of the same Close, or any Part thereof, or any other Person or Persons having any Estate,

7'erm, or Interest therein, touching or in any wise concerning such Purchase, or touching or concerning the Share of Proportion of the said Purchase Monies to be allowed to the Tenant or other Person having a particular Estate, Term, or Interest therein, or touching or concerning the Satisfaction to be made to them, or any of them, by the said Earl, his Heirs of Assigns* for ajtyODamage which the said Trustee or Trustees, or Other Persons.aforesaid, or any' of thefn, ,ihalj qrjn^y fqftain, or alledge to have sustained, by foe plaiting or maintaining the said navigable Cut on Canal, or by carrying into Execution the Powers given by this Act, of any of them, (half be, and foe feme are hereby., in like Manner, referred to the said Stephen Walter Tempest, John Clayton, John Currer, Roger. Swire, Matthau Wilson, TJjomas Lifter, William Roundel, and William Bagshaw\ and the Award, Decision, and Determination, of the said Arbitrators herein-before named, of any Thre^ or mpre of them* iq all and every the Matters and Things aforesaid, to be given and made in Writing under the Hands and Seals of the said Arbitrators, or any Three or more of them, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, as well upon the said Earl of Thanet, his Heirs and Assigns, as upon the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of the Free Grammar School aforesaid, and all and every their Lessees,

Tenants, and Occupiers for the Time being of the same Close,k or any Part thereof* and other the Persons aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the said Earl of Thanet, his Heirs and Assigns, The Earl to shall, at his and their own proper Costs and Charges, make, erect, and maintain such Stop-gate or and ran*. Stop-gates, as the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpoole, or tam $t0P£atc* their Committee, Avail think necessary; and that the said Company shall have Power to make use of the same for preserving the Water of the said Canal Navigation from Wade or Loss, in conkquence of the said Junction.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously, and to Persons da-

the Prejudice of the said intended navigable Cut or Canal* break, throw down, damage, or destroy raging the

any Banks, or other Works, to be erefled or made by virtue of this Act, or do any other wilful Hurt or Wo,*js bead-

Mischief, to obstruct, hinder, or prevent the carrying on or completing, supporting, and maintaining of the said intended Navigation, such Person or Persons shall be adjudged guilty of Felony; and every such Felon shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court, by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall and hereby have Power and Authority to transport every such Person or Persons to any of His Majesty's Plantations, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by any of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm; or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, may, if they think proper, award such Sentence as the Laws directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall throw any Ballast, Grave!, Person* thro*-

Stone, or Rubbish, into any Part of the said Cut or Canal, or any Trenches or Watercourses to be ing rniiait or made or maintained by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offcuce, forfeit the Kubhrti »nto Sum of Five Pounds; to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by xiciuhcs* to for-a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the

Peace for the said County of York; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol of the said County of York, or the House of Correction of the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the said County of York, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding One Month; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid, One Moiety to foe Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed.

766 C. 48. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

The Wotki not to be subject to the Controul of (’omm.flioncii of Sewers. Limitation of Actioas,

*€ acral Iflwe.

[Treble Costs.]

iPubliek Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Cut or Canal, or any Work* whatsoever by virtue of this Act, dfoall not be subject to the Controul, Direction, Survey, or Orders of any Commissioners of Sewers, or to any Law or Statute relating to Sewers; any Thing, or any former Law or Statute, to the Contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always^ and berit further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commer ced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this Act, every such Suit or Information shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months nextafter the Fact committed; or in case there be a Continuation of Damages, then within Six Calendar Months next after the doing thereof shall cease, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the said County of York, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act*: And if it shall appear to have beeh so done,-or that such Action, Suit, or Information, was -commenced or brought after the Time so limited for bringing the same, or was brought in any other

County than as aforesaid; then, and in such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and, upon such Verdict, or if-the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecutors, shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a DUcontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same, as when Costs by Laws are awarded.

X. And be it further enacted, That that this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Publick Act; and al] Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without Specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts made,'One in the "Eighth and the other in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the [Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes in the said Atts mentioned.

' preamble. 1 T XT WHEREAS in and by Two several A dU made. One in the "Eighth Year of the Reign of

8 ©co, III. yV His present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made An the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lancs, and other Passages, and repairing the Hi ghway$v and causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, i ri the County of Middlesex) and for making more effectualProvisions for ihofe Purposer; AO 10 Geo.

III. And the other in the Tenth of His said Majesty's Reign; intituled, An Act for the more effectually paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other PaJjqges, and for regulating 4 (freights and Measur^s, within the JParish of Saint Mary le.Bone, in the County 0^ Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; certain rowers were, for the Purpose of the due Execution of the said Two Acts, veiled in* the Vestrymen and Commissioners therein respectively named: And where as the said Vestrymen and Commissioners have made a very considerable Progress in the Execution of the several Powers by the said Acts in them respectively veiled; but find that the good Purposes intended by the said Acts cannot be effedhjally answered, unless the said Acts are further amended f may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted.; and be it enacted by the King’s most S' Geo'ni m Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and impowenthe* Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the Vestrym«ii the said Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as veils the Power of rc-

- to regulate the gulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles in the Vestrymen of the said Parish shall be repealed: And Nightly w*toh rhat from and after the passing of this Act, the Nightly Watch and Beadles of the said Parish (subject

-and Beadles re- to the RQ|es> Directions, and Powers, in the said Act prescribed, with respect to the same) Oiall be

mnd'hyWu Act under the foie Authority, Jurisdiction, and Controul, of the Commissioners acting by virtue of the said tote under the Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Jleign of His present Majesty; any Thing contained in the said Dite^ion, &c. Act of the Eighth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, for veiling the Authority, Jurisdiction, and the Commis- Controul, of the Nightly Watch and Beadles in the Vestrymen of the said Parish, to the Contrary fnnevs -thereof notwithstanding.

cfrryme H. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, other than cV Afoci^wny *be Scavenger or Scavengers contracting with the said Commissioners, or those employed under him

- not being the or them, shall carry a way any Dust, Cinders, or Allies, from any House or other Premises, in any Scaieager, dull Square, Street, Lane, or Place, within the Limits of the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign

iatut of His present Majesty, (without the Consent of the Owner); in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders; and he and they is and are hereby required so to do* by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him or them into the Custody of a, Peace OJucef, in order to be secured and conveyed

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 4?.; 67

before some Justice of the Peace of the said County of Middlesex> or City and Liberty of Westminster, as the Case shall be; and every such Person or Persons so carrying away such Dust, fcr-ifl Offence, Cinders, or Ashes, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings for the First Offence, and the Sum of Fi*e Shillings} Ten Shillings for the Second and every other subsequent Offence: And in case the said Penalties be *tdh* Voffence not forthwith paid, or Security given for the Payment thereof, to the Satisfaction of the Justice before TenbhilWa* whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, such Offender or Offenders shall be committed to &c.

the House of Correction for the County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, as the Case shall ber for any Time not exceeding Thirty Days, nor left than. Twenty Days, to be computed from the Day of Commitment,

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons who shall carry away any Duff, if Personiof-Cinders, or Allies, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, or without being properly autho* fending cannot riled by the Scavenger or Scavengers, contracting with the said Commissioners, cannot be apprehend- b« apprehended ed; then, and in every such Case, the Owner or Owners of the Cart or Carriage in which such te'auTonVh10 Dust, Cinders, or Aibes shall be placed, in order to be carried away, or of any Horse or Bead cariy- owner of the ing away the famer shall foreit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for the First Offence; and for the Cart or Curias Second or any other subsequent Offence, the Sum of Twenty Shillings: And that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever to seize* or cause to be seized, any such Cart or Carriage, together with the Horse or Horses, or any Bead, or Beads drawing the same, or any Horse or Beast carrying away the same, and drive, remove, or take, or cause the same to be driven, removed,' or taken, to the Court-house or Pound belonging to the said Parishi there to be kept* and detained until the Owner or Owners* thereof, or his, her, or their knowh Servant or Servants, shall and do pay to the Person or Persons, in whose Custody the same shall be, the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the same, and of keeping such Horse or Horses, or any other Bead (if any); and in case the same shall not be demanded, and the said Penalty and Charges paid within Five Days, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied. One Moiety to the Perfoivwho shall apprehend any such Offender, or seize, carry, or take to the said'

Pound or Court house such Cart, Carriage, or Bead, and the other Moiety to the Purposes of the said former Acts, or this Actfr returning the Overplus (if any) after deducing the said Penalty, and the Charges attending such Removal^ and of maintaining such Horse or Horses, or other Bead, and of appraising and felling foeh Cart, Carriage* Horse, or Bead* to the Owner or Owners thereof upon Demand.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of mvcKof Act

His present Majesty, as inapowers any of the Water Companies who now furnish, or shall hereafter 10G. III. im-furnish, the Inhabitants, within the Limits aforesaid, with Water, to repair the Pavement where any Water-

Pipe or Pipes belonging to any of the Water Companies within the said Limits shall happen to burst

or break, or as directs-the Paviors or Turncocks of any of the said Companies, or the Surveyors of^r^n/# the said Cemmhfionecs, to give Notice of their respective Names and Places of Abode, shall be repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Main, Pipe or Pipes, belonging to Tfi* Manner any of the Water Companies, who now furnish, or (half hereafter furnish, the Inhabitants, within md by whom the Limits aforesaid, with Water* and which now lie, or shall hereafter be laid, under Ground, in Water P‘Pe* any of the said Sauares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards* Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall happen to Pa^raatsare break, burd, or decay, so as to require Reparation, the Surveyor of Ac said Commissioners for the 10 feP^re Time being, or such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose*

shall forthwith give, or cause to be given. Notice thereof, in Writing, to the Pavior of the Water Company to whom he apprehends the said Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, to belong, who is hereby required to take up the Pavement, and> open the Ground, at or near the Place where such Reparation shall appear to be wanting: And if the said Pavior shall, upon taking up such Pavement, and opening such Ground, discover that the Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, so brokep, burd, or decayed, does not or Jo not belong to the Water Company whose Pavior he is; then, and in every such Case, he shall forthwith give, or cause to be given, Notice thereof, in Writing, to the Pavior to the Company, to* whom the said Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, shall appear to belong; in which Case, such fad-mentioned Pavior is hereby required, upon Demand, to make Satisfaction for the taking up such Pavement, and opening such Ground, to the Pavior giving Notice as aforesaid and the Pavior of such Water Company to whom the said Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, shall belong, is hereby required to cause or procure the said Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, to be repaired, and afterwards to fill up-the said Ground, and ram down the same, within Two Days next after such Notice to be given; and as soon as such Main or Pipe shall have been so repaired, and the Ground so filled up and rammed down, he shall give, or cause to be given. Notice thereof in Writing to the Pavior or Contractor for the Time being of the said Commissioners: And if the Pavior or Paviors of any of the said Water'

Companies to or for whom such Notice shall be given, or left at his or their laflr Place or Places of the*

Abode, shall, by the Space of Two Days next after the giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid, space of fw0 refuse or negledi to take up such Pavement, and open such Ground; or if upon discovering that the Days.

Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, so broken, burst, or decayed, doth not, or do not belong to the Company whose Pavior he is, shall refuse or neglect to give immediate Notice thereof, in Writing, to the Pavior of the Company to whom the said Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, doth or do belong; or if the Pavior of the Water Company to whom such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, shall belong, shall,

768 C. 48. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

by the Space of Two Days next after fuc;h Notice given to him. or left at his last Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to cause or procure such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, to be amended and repaired, or afterwards to fill up the Ground so taken up, or to give such immediate Notice of his having so done to the Pavior or Contractor of the said Commissioners for the Time being; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so respectively refusing or neglecting, shall, for every such Offence severally, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds: And if any Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, not belonging to any of the Water Companies, shall happen to break, burst, or decay, as aforesaid, in any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places; (hen, and in every such Case, the respective Owner or Owners thereof shall forthwith cause the Ground over the same ro be opened, and such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, to be repaired, and Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners, or in case of Refusal or Neglect so ta do, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds: And if any Pavement shall be broken or taken up for the Purpose of making, repairing, or altering, any Main, Pipe, Vault, or Drain, or for any other Purpose whatsoever; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons* so breaking or taking up the said Pavement, or causing the same to be so broken or taken up, shall, as soon as the Nature of the Work will permit, cause the Ground to be filled in, and Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners, or in case of Refusal or Neglect so to do, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; and the said Clerk of the said Commissioners, shall forthwith, upon every such Notice as aforesaid given to him, or left at the Office of the said Commissioners, at the Court-house of the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, transmit such Notice, or cause the same to be transmitted, to the Pavior or Contractor of the said Commissioners for the Time being: And' if the said Clerk shall refuse or neglect, by the Space of Two Days next after such Notice as aforesaid given to hilrt, or left at his last Place of Abode, to transmit such Notice, or cause such Notice to be transmitted, to the said Pavior or Contractor for the Time being of the said Commissioners; or if such Pavior or Contractor to whom any such Notice as aforesaid shall be so transmitted, shall, by the Space of Two Days next after the transmitting of such Notice to him as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to relSay and repair the Pavement so broken up; then, and in every such Case, the Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day such Pavement shall continue unrelaid or unrepaired alter the Expiration of the said Two Days.

Proviso*

VI. Provided always, That if it shall happen that at any Time there shall be no regular or fixed

Appointment of a Pavior of any of the Water Companies, in that Case such Notice as aforesaid shall be delivered to, or left at the Office of the Clerk or Secretary of such Company respectively, who shall, in every such Case, be substituted in the Room of such Pavior, to all the Intents and Purposes aforesaid.

Paviors of the

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Paviors now employed, or hereafter Wa»er Con;- to be cm ployed by the said Water Companies respectively., within the Limits aforesaid, shall, within Noticedp,|Ve- Space of Thirty Days next after the passing of this Act, or within Three Days next after they

Nam« <itc.leir respectively appointed Paviors to such Company or Companies, give Notice in Writing to the

Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners of their respective Names and Places of Abode, and of the Names of the respective Company whose Paviors they are, and of the respective District to which they are appointed; and in like Manner the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners, after having received Notice of such Appointment as aforesaid, shall, within the respective Times aforesaid, give Notice to the respective Paviors of the said several Water Companies, of the Names and Places of Abode of the Pavior or Paviors, Contractor or Contractors, for the Time being of the said Commissioners; and if any of the said Paviors, or the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time being, shall neglect to give such Notice within the respective* Times aforesaid, each of them shall, for every such Offence severally, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

Water Com-

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That the Charges and Expences of F*nies to pay relaying the Pavement which shall be broken, or taken up for the Purposes of laying down, repairing, fi&ners^b^Ex- or amending, any toch Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, shall be reimbursed and paid to the said Compence of new-" missioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, by the Clerk or Treasurer for laying the Pave-tl.e Time being of the respective Water Companies, to whom such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, ment when shall belong; or if the same shall not belong to any of the Lid Water Companies, then by the respectI'ipcsare broken, t;ve Owner or Owners thereof; and if such Clerk or Treasurer to any of the said Water Companies, or the respective Owner or Owners of such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, liable to reimburse and pay fmh Charges and Expences, shall refuse or neglect to pny the same within Ten Days next after Demand thereof in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and left at their respective Dwelling-houses, or lall Places of Abode, or at the Office of the respective Companies, together with a Dill to be annexed to such Demand, containing an Account of such Charges and Expences; then, and in every such Case, the Money so expended shall and may be recovered by the said Commissioners of, and from the Person or Persons so liable thereto, by Action or Actions of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any %f His Majesty's Courts of Recoid at Westminster, in the Names of the said Commissioners, nr any Five or more them, to be commenced within Three Calendar Months next such Demand respectively; in which Action or Actions, Suit or Suits respectively, no Eiloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

CornerfTionrr*

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall, may coMratt and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings, as for Pavi.H, a-,d Occasion shall require, to contract with any Person or Persons for paving, and keeping in Repair, the to be advemkd. Pavement

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 48. 769

A.D. 1773.

Pavement over the Water Trenches belonging to any of the said Water Companies; but that no such Contract shall be made unless, previous to the' making thereof, Fourteen Days Notice at the least shall be given in some of the publick Newspapers, expressing the Intention of such Contract, in order' that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the same, not being Commissioners, may make Pro- -pofals forr that Purpose, at the Time and Place in such Notice mentioned.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent Water Coig- any of the said Water Companies, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, from taking up pathrPave-~? and repairings by their own Workmen or Paviors, any Part of the Pavement within the Limits afore- ^Jnt

said, not exceeding the Distance of Four Feet from the Water-plugs, Drawing-plug?; and Fire-plugs, Own Workmen*

belonging to the respective Water Companies: Provided nevertheless, That in case such Pavement so within Four

taken up by the said Water Companies, their Workmen or Paviors, shall not be properly relaid to the of their

Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for, 8*

the Time being; then, upon Notice given to the said Water Companies, or their Pavior, the said Pavement

shall, within Four Days after such Notice, be again taken up ^nd relaid, at the Expence of the Water

Company that shall have so taken up the said Pavement; and in case the said Pavement so taken up

shall not be relaid for the Third Time in a proper Manner, and to* the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, then the Water Company, so neglecting to relay the said Pavement in a proper Manner, shall forfeit and

pay to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them* the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall cause such Pavement to be taken up and re-

laid by their own Workmen and Paviors, and the Expence thereof shall be borne and defrayed by the

Water Company so neglecting to relay the same in a proper Manner; any Thing herein contained to

the Contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners

Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to compound and agree with any may compound of the said Proprietors or Water Companies respectively, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or tcr

other Measure, as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable, for ompam

the Purpose of laying down or repairing such Parts of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Mewses,

Alleys, Courts, raflages, or Places, as shall be necessary to be taken up by the Workmen of the said Proprietors or Water Companies, for the Purposes of laying down, replacing, altering, or amending* any of the Mains or Pipes*

XII. And, for the more easy obtaining of Water in Cases of Fire, it is hereby further enacted, How Water That the several Water Companies who shall supply any of the Inhabitants within the Limits afore- more said with Water, shall, from Time to Time, within the Space of Fourteen Days after the passing of ijf.obrai" in this Act, or within Seven Days after the Appointment of any Turncock or Turncocks, give Notice, uneao *rc* in Writing, to the said Commissioners of the Names and Places of Abode of their respective Turncocks, distinguishing the Districts to which they reflectively belong; and if any of the said Companies shall neglect to give such Notice within the Times aforesaid, they shall, for every such Neglect,

forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, yearly, to cause to be printed, and distributed to and amongst the several Householders within the Limits aforesaid, a List of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Turncocks of the District or Districts within the said Limits.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in order to avoid the Loss that frequently happens from the Power to cotk& Tenants or Occupiers of Houses or Tenements, who frequently quit and remove from such Houses or Rates within Tenements before the Quarter Day on which the Rates and Assessments, charged by virtue of the the Quarter. -said Acts, on the said Houses or Tenements become due and payable; it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Vestrymen and Commissioners of the said Parish respectively to demand and receive, or cause to be demanded and received. Sixty Days before every such Quarter Day, or at any other subsequent

Time, the respective Rates and Assessments that would be due and payable on such Quarter Day;

and in case of Nonpayment thereof, to enforce the Payment of such Rates and Assessments, in the same Manner, and with the same Powers, as they could or mi^ht by virtue of either of the said for- <

mer Acts, or this Act, in case of Nonpayment of the said Rates and Assessments upon the Quarter;

Day on which the same became due and payable,

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Number Penalty of 1s. painted or put on any House or Tenement, within the Limits aforesaid, under the Direction of the on Persons rub-before-recited Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be defaced or ting out Num-rubbed out, the Owner or Occupier of any such House or Tenement, where the Number or Numbers b'rs onHouk£* shall have been defaced or rubbed out, shall, upon Personal Notice given to him, her, or them, or upon &c*

Notice in Writing, left at his, her, or their last or most usual Place of Abode, by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or by such other Person or Persons as any Five or more of the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint, cause the same Number to be in the same or like Manner painted, or put on such House or Tenement, within Five Days after such Notice; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to comply with such Order, every such Owner or Occupier shall forfeit and pay for every such Osseqce the Sum of Five Shillings.

XV. And be it further enacted, That so mueh of the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of Crcdrtor? tqu-l

His present Majesty as directs, that no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons in the Pay- in by 10

ment of the Principal Sum or Sums by him, her, or them advanced, or to be advanced, upon the c«>. in u-peat. Credit of the said Act, shall be repealed. cd*

XVI. And -

17°

A cmart Pro-Vortion of the Rates to be applied in Discharge of Money feorrowed*

The Money to be paid into the Ban lo.

Manner of paying off the Debt.

Method to be taken for paying off Bonds.

Conttnlfftoner* to borrow Money for paying, &c«

CortmiiTienen to borrow Money at a lower Interest to pay off Bonds.

C. 4#. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. Av 0.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in order to discharge the said Principal Money and intered, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they-are hereby authorised and impowered, yearly and every Year, to deduct, appropriate, and set apart any Sum or Sums 6f Money, not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny in the Pound,- of the Total Amount of the yearly Rent or Value of all and every the Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops* Warehouses, Coach-houses. Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments respe&ivdy within the Limits aforesaicL and the said Sum or Su-ms of Money so to be set apart and appropriated, shall bev from Time to Time, taken and deducted from and out of the Rate and Assessment levied and collected by virtue of the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for the Purpose of repairing, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Passages and Places within the Limits aforesaid: Provided always, That such Sum or Sums of Money so to be deducted, set apart* and appropriated, as aforesaid, shall not at any Time exceed the Proportion of One Penny Halfpenny in the Pound, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Lands, Grounds, Houses* Shops, Warehouses,* Coach-houses* Stables, Cellars* Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, on which such Rates or Assessments shall have been actually levied and collected, and shall only be so deduced, set apart, and appropriated, at such Time or Times as the said Rate and Assessment by the said Act allowed to be levied and collected for the Purpose of repairing, cleansing, and lighting, as* aforesaid, shall not exceed the full Sum of One Shilling in the Pound in any One Year; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum or Sum or Sums of Money fotobe set apart and appropriated,- shall and-may, from Time to Time, as the same shall be levied and collected, be paid into the Bank of England, and front thence issued and applied in such Manner, and to and for such Uses and Purposes, as are by this Act herein after directed and appointed \ and the Treasurer or Treasurers* to the said Commissioners for the Time beings shall keep the Account* relating to such Sum or Sums of Money, so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, separate and didindl from all other Accounts of the said Commissioners.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to-^nd for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, when and as often as the Surplus of the said Sixpenny Rate (if any\ shall, together with the Produce of One Penny Halfpenny in the Poundr so to be set apart and appropriated, amount to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, or upwards, to pay off and discharge the Money borrowed, and to bz borrowed, on the Credit of the said Sixpenny Rate, in such Manner as is herein after directed, and a separate Account shall be kept of the Sums of Money paid off and discharged by the Surplus of the said Sixpenny Rate didindt from those which shall be paid off and discharged by the Sums so appropriated as aforesaid, by virtue of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to cause the Numbers of all the Bonds or Securities* which shall be then due and owing to the Creditors on the said Sixpenny Rate to be put separately into a Box or Glass, and that so many Numbers of the said Bonds or Securities shall be drawn out of the said Box or Glass by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in the Presence of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, as shall make up the Sum then intended to be paid off; and that Six Calendar Months Notice, in Writing, or printed, and signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, shall be given to the Person or Persons who shall he imitled to such Bond or Bonds, Security or Securities, so drawn out, or shall be left at his, her, or their lad or most usual Place of Abode, that his, her, or their respective Bond or Bonds, Security or Securities, Principal and Lntered, will be paid off; and that at the Expiration of the said Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of such Notice given or left, as aforesaid, all intered on such Pond or Bonds, Security or Securities, shall cease and determine.

XX. And whereas ir may hereafter happen, That by a long ami condant wear of the Pavement within the Limits aforesaid, the Expence of repairing the same may be too large to be defrayed out of the annual Rates alloued to be collected for that Purpose; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Seven or more of the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, in Cases of such Necessity only, to borrow and take up at intered such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so wanted, on the Credit of the said Sixpenny Rate, in like Manner as is directed by the before-recited Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the borrowing Money on the said Sixpenny Rate: Provided always, That no greater Sum or Sums of Money shall be so borrowed than was or were actually paid off and discharged by Means of the said Sum of One Penny Halfpenny in the Pound, by this Act so set apart and appropriated, as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners can, at any Time, borrow and take up any Sum or Sums of Money, not less than the Sum of Five hundred Pounds at One Time, at a lower Rate of intered than the Bonds or Securities by them iiFued then carry, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, to pay off and discharge the Bonds or Securities bearing an higher Rate of Intered, following the Directions and Regulations as are herein*before prescribed for paying oft Bouds and Securities,

A.D. 177$.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 4.8. 77*

XXII. Provided nevertheless^ That no Bond or Security carrying a lower Rate of Interest shall ttoviso.

_at any Time be paid off and discharged^ whilst any of the Bond jor Securities carrying an higher Rate ref Interest are unpaid and undifeharced.

X'XIII. And whereas by the before-recited Act of the Tenth Year of His -present Majest.y, the Cavendish Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Premises in Cavendish Square are impowered to raise such com- 5quwc to* petent Sum as&3ll be sufficient to new-pavef beautify, and adorn the said Square, provided Three-new fourths of Gich(Owners and Occupiers shall assent thereto.: And whereas the Commissioners under the said Act have, on very reasonable Terms, agreed to new-pave, adojrn, and beautify the said Square, and have already compleated great Part of uie Work: And whereas more than Three-s/ourths of the Owners, and Occupiers of Houses, with respect to the Proportion of valuable Property, have consented thereto in due Form.; but it being doubtful whether the A (Tents of Three-fourths in Number of the Owners and Occupiers have been obtained, as some are Abroad, and others cannot be found, so that it is*imagined that One or Two may be still wanting: And whereas it would be expedient for the good Purposes of this Act to remove all such Doubts and Difficulties,. be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Owners and Occupiers, together with the said Commissioners appointed by the said before-recited Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall have full Power and Authority, notwithstanding such Deficiency in the Consents given by the Owners and Occupiers in point of Number, to execute all and very Power, Matter, and Thing, directed to be performed by the said before-recited Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, in as full and ample a Manner as if Three-fourths of such. Con feats had been obtained in due Form.

XXIV. And, ^to the Intent that it may be clearly known wh^t Houses and Premises shall Whtt«oirfiw be considered as situated in the said Square, for the Purpose of rating, the fame, Jbe it enacted, That Aail be deemed every House or Premises, the Front or Side of which shall face or form a Part of the iyine of Clvendl^ the said Square, though another Part of such House or Premises may front or face a Street, (hair5,ulrc' sievertheless be deemed and taken to be wholly situated in the said Square, for the Purpose aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings of the said Vestrymen and Commissioners, Proceeding* -either under the said former Acts, or this Act, shall be deemed valid,.until the same shall have been ft^not^e

confirmed and approved of at a Second or subsequent Meeting of the said Vestrymen or Commissioners, at *j(b£ and shall have been signed by the Chairman of such Second or subsequent Meeting;. Xe^ucot Meeu^p

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses apd Powers in the said former Acts con-chuse« of the tained, (except such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall extend, and be construed toformer Act yc-extend, to this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this pre-

*sent Act.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be ComteMfiooen lawful tohnd for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, residing in the said Parish of Saint Mary It Bone,

to act as Justices of the Peace, in the Execution of the said former Acts, or this Act, notwithstand-, J ing their being appointed Vestrymen and Commissioners under, any of the said former Acts.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, of-passing this Ch*r$n of the Act, aixl all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, shall be borne* paid, and defrayed out A^hcWtobc

of the Moaics arising by virtue of the said former Acts, or this Act. p-

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That aH the Penalties, Forfeitures, Penaltieaend ^and Fioes, by the said former Acts, or this Act, inflicted, or authorised to be imposed, (the Manner rof levying and Recovery whereof is not Otherwise hereby particularly directed), shall, upon Proof of ^VSS* 'the Offences respectively before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or

Elace wherein the Offender shall be or reside, or wherein the Offence shall be committed, either by the ^Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses,

(which Oath such Justice or Justice or Justices of the Peace is and are hereby impowered and required to adtuiaifter. without Fee or Reward;, be levied b.y.Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of <the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to grant for those Purposes), and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when -paid or levied, shall be applied to the Purposes of the said former Acts, or this Act; and in every Case where Distress is directed to be taken by the said former Acts, or this Act,' and sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such. Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and -required^ by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offen der or.Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place, thereto remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, for the First Offence, and for the Second and every other Offence of the same Kind, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Two Calendar Months, or until such Penalties,-Forfeitures, or Fines, and ail reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXX. And, for the more easy and (peady Conviction ^of Offenders against the former Acts,/n*>

or this Act, be it further enacted -by »the Authority aforesaid, That >all and every justice or cause to bc. justices of the Peace.before.^hop ^ny.Eerfgji or Perfcyw.stall.be convicted of any Offence against the^p lhl

772

F*rm of Con-lift ion.

Writings to be without Stamps

Limitation fif Actioiu.

Ctaitra} Issue.

[Publick Act.]

[Treble Costs.]

Fu an> vie.

C. 49. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

laid former Acts, or this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or any other Form of Words to the same Effect.

E it remembered, TJoat on the Day of in the Tear

of His Majesty's Reign, A.B. ts conviSled before of His Majestys

Justices of the reace for the County of by virtue of an Act of the Thirteenth

Year of the Reign of His Majesty Ring George the Thirds For amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts made, One in the Eighth and the other in the Tenth Year of His present Majestys Reign, for 46 regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cLanfing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned " (specifying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case shall be.)

Given under our Hands and Seals, or Hand and Seal, the Day and Tear aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order,

Judgement, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Assignment, Transfer, or other Security for the borrowing of Money, or other Writing whatsoever, relating to the Execution of the said former Acts, or this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any s Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of the said former Acts, or this Act, until Twenty-one t)ays Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Vestry-men and Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and all such Actions or Suits shall be laid and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not in any other County or Place; and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give the said former Acts, and this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for or on which such Action or Anions,‘Suit or Suits shall be brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said former Acts, or this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits.; or if upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants (h ill have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for Ins, her, or their Costs, in other Cases by Law.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said former Acts, and this Act, shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take.Notice thereof as such, withoXit specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for more effectually executing an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for draining and preserving the Lands in the North Level, Part of Bedford Level, so far as relates to the Fourth District of the said North Level.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of 4 -W His late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for the discharging of the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiff's, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservaiors of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford, and Earl ofhin- coin; and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said *Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Dtbts of the said Corporation; and for (jeertaining and appropriating the Taxes to le laid on the said North Level; and for the more elf eftuni draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland ;) the Commissioners therein named, or to be nominated and appointed, in Manner therein mentioned, were authorised and impowered to assess, rate, tax, and charge, all and every the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupier, of all and singular the Lands and Grounds situate and being within the said Fourth District or Division, (except as in the said Act is excepted,)

1 by and with an equal and proportionable yearly Rate, T'ax, or Sum of Money, not exceeding in any One Year, for the first Two Years after the passing of the said Act, the Sum of Two Shillings ' an Acre, or after the Expiration of the said Term of Two Years, the Sum of One Shilling an Acre, to be applied and disposed of in making Works, Banks, Drains, Mills, and Engines, within

A.D. 1773. Antic decimo tertto Georgii III. C. 49; 773

the said District, neceiTiry for draining the same, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned;

And whereas the said Rates and Taxes h ive been accordingly applied by the Commissioners siting for the said Fourth District, for and towards the erecting of proper Engines, and making Banks^ c Drains, and other Works, necessary for the draining of the said Did iwt, and in maintaining and keeping the same in Repair; And whereas the said Rates and Taxes, charged on the said Land.,

and Grounds in the said Fourth District, have no*, for several Years lall pall, been sufficient to defray the yearly Expences of the said District, or to pay the Debts which the said Commissioners have been obliged to contract, on account of the Infurficiency of the said Rates and Taxes: And whereas, in order to pay the Debts so contracted by the said Commissioners, and to carry on the said Works, a further Tax is necessary to be laid on all the Lands in the said District, (except as is before excepted): And whereas such further Rate or Acre T'ax cannot be laid, or the said Lands ‘effectually drained and preserved, without the further Aid and Authority of Parliament;’ may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the said Lands in the said Fourth Dillridl, within the said North Level, (except as before excepted) shall ,i!°per Acic, yearly and every Year, for the Term of Twelve Years next ensuing the passing of this Act, be, and ’ P r the same are hereby rated, charged, and a He fled, with a Tax or Sum of One Shilling an Acre for every Acre thereof, over and above the Rates and Taxes to be charged thereon by the said former Act; and that the said Tax or Sum of One Shilling an Acre shall be paid to the Receiver or Receivers for that Purpose appointed by the Commissioners of the said Fourth District, to be nominated and elected by virtue of the said Act of the Twenty-so veil th Year of King George the Second, on the Thirtieth Day of June and Thirtieth Day of December, in every Year, during the said Term, by equal Half-yearly Payments, the First Payment thereof to be made on the Thirtieth Day of June next after the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Lands of all and every Person and Persons hereby rated, ait rrmerirs to charged, and afllffed, shall be taken and ascertained according to the Surveys thereof made, be ascerraincS and as they are now charged in pursuance and by virtue of the Lid Act of the Twenty seventh according to for-Year of King George the Second; and that the several and respective Owners and Occupiers of mwrSwveyi. the said Lands and Grounds shall pay the said Taxes hereby assessed according to the said Surveys

and Charge.

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lid Commissioners Commissioners nominated and appointed for the said Fourth Dirtridt by the said former Act, or to be {hc0th°n^e‘T) elected or chosen in pursuance th.reof, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for carrying m{fl^ner*toth't into Execution this pretent Act, and all the Powers and Authorities hereby given; and that the said Act\,

Taxes and Sums of Money hereby charged, rated, and assessed, to be paid as aforesaid, be vdled in,

and applied and disposed of, by the said Commissioners of the said Fourth District, in the Firil Place, towards the paying and defraying the Charges of passing of this Act, and afterwards in paying and discharging such Debts as have been contracted for and on account of the raising and making of the said Works, necessary for the draining and preserving of the said Lands; and after the said Debts shall be so paid, as aforesaid, then in raising, supporting, and maintaining, such other Works as shall be necessary for the more effectual draining of the said Lands.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all anti every the said Commissioner or Commissioners, Commissionrrf before he or they shall act in the Execution of any of the rowers or Authorities hereby given, shall totaice the Oat!i take the Oath, or, being of the People called Quakers, the solemn Affirmation required and directed to' fbe^ormer^Aa be taken by the said former Act; which Oath or Affirmation any One of the said Commissioners is c °rmcr hereby impowered to administer.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it fli all and may be lawful to and Jh,c D,u,ker?f for the Devisees, in Trull, under the Will of the late John Duke of Bedford, and the Survivors and

Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, during the Minority of the for assisting the Duke of Bedford for the Time being, and afterwards to and for the Duke of Bedford, his Heirs and Commissioner* Assigns, upon Application in Writing under the Hands of the Commissioners of the said Fourth in Gaining the

DiUriel of the said North Levels or the major Part of them, afle.mbled at any Meeting to be held Fwurth DlllnC*

in pursuance of this or the said former Act, to agree, from Time to Time, with the said Commissioners for such Time, and on such Terms, as the Lid Devaies, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, or the Duke of Bedford, his Heirs or Assigns, shall think proper, and consent to, for assisting the said Commissioners in the better draining of the said Fourth District:, or any Part thereof, by ;my or either of the Mills or Engines (landing in the Lordship of Thonuy, below the Pomting-doors or Flood-gates in Thorney Dikey in such Manner, and by such Means, as they shall think proper; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to make such Agreement or Agreements, from Time to Time as aforesaid; and also, after such Agreement or Agreements, as aforesaid, shall be '

made and entered into, to make One or more Cut or Cuts, and lay Ore or more Tunnel or Tunnels, in and through the East Bank of Gold Dike, adjoining to the said District, as they, or the major Part of them, assembled at any Meeting, as aforesaid, shall think requisite and necefury, for the better draining of the said Fourth District, or any Part thereof, by any or either of the said Mills or'

Engines as shall be agreed on as aforesaid, and to pay the Expences attending the same out of the

Rates and Taxes, and the Monies to be raised on the said Fourth District, by virtue of this or th

774

Tenants to pay the additional Ta<,

and may deduct the same oat of their Rents*

Lessees to Ecclesiastical Bodies or Persons not in titled to deduct the Rates.

Ratos and Taxes may be recovered by Distrefa,

lTnnccupied Pre-ir.tfcs to remain liable.

Commissioners impowered co bviiow Money,

and may mortgage the Rates, as a Security.

f*opics of Mort-g Jf.es to be en-uic.t i.) a Book,

ao^ may be traasiciicd*

3. 49. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

said former Act; any Thing contained in this or the said former Act to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And, to the End that the said Rates and Taxes hereby charged and assessed may be, from Time to Time, the more easily collected and received, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Tenants and Occupiers of the said Lands charged or assessed by virtue of this Act shall be, and are hereby required and made liable to pay the said Rates and Taxes so charged and assessed upon the said Lands in their respective Occupations, and to deduct and retain out of his, her, or their Rent, all such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they, shall respectively pay for such Rates and Taxes as aforesaid; and the several and respective Landlords or Owners of the said Lands are hereby required to allow such Deductions or Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and that every such Tenant or Occupier, paying such Taxes, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from so much Money as the Tax by him or them so paid as aforesaid shall amount unto, in as full and ample Manner as if the same had been actually paid to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Leflfee or

Tenant of any Lands, charged with the said Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, who shall hold the same by virtue of or under any Lease from any Bishop, or Collegiate Church or College, or any Ecclesiastical Corporation, Sole or Aggregate, or other Beneficial Lease whatsoever, shall be intitled to deduct the said Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, charged by virtue of this Act, or any of them, out of the Rent referred and made payable by any such Lease or Agreement to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords; but that the said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, shall be charged upon and borne and paid by the Lessees or Tenants so holding such Lands under such Lease as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the respective Rates, Taxes, or Sums of Money, taxed, charged or assessed, upon him, her, or them, or the Lands or Grounds in his, her, or their Possession or Occupation, by virtue of or under this Act, within Twenty-one Days next after the same shall become due and payable, and Demand made thereof by the Receiver or Receivers appointed to receive the same on the Lands or Grounds charged therewith, or at the Dwelling-house of the Tenant or Occupier thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Receiver or Receivers, or any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of the said Commissioners, (which said Warrant or Precept the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered and required from Time to Time to make, as there shall be Occasion), to enter into and upon the Lands lo rated and taxed as aforesaid, in the Possession of such Person or Persons who shall so make Default in Payment thereof as aforesaid, and all Messuages and Tenements thereupon (landing, or thereunto belonging, and to levy the Sum or Sums of Money by him, her, or them, payable for such Rates or Taxes by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, in such and the like Manner as is directed by the said former Act.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That in case any of the said Lands shall at any Time hereafter be untenacted or unoccupied, so that no sufficient Distress can be found for levying the said Rates and Taxes so in Arrear as aforesaid, then the said Lands chargeable therewith shall always remain a Security for Payment thereof; and all Goods and Chattels which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, impounded, kept, appraised, and fold, in Manner aforesaid, until all Arrears of the said Rates and Taxes, and the Charges of such Distress, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

X. And forasmuch as the said Rates and Taxes so to be assessed and charged as aforesaid will not be sufficient for the immediate d feharging and paying off the said Debts contracted by the Commissioners as aforesaid; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the said Fourth District, so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, or any Three or more of them, shall and may, and are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, pursuant to an Order to be made for that Purpose, at any of their Meetings to be held by virtue of the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, Five of the said Commissioners being present, and consenting thereto, to borrow and take up at Jmcrclt such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think necessary, and, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to mortgage and assign the said Assessments, Rates, and Sums of Money, hereby charged and assessed, or any Part thereof, the Costs and Charges of such Assignment to be borne and paid out of the said Taxes, for any such Time or Number of Years, not exceeding the Term of Twelve Years from the passing of this Act, and in such Manner and Form as to the Lid Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall leem meet, as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, with Interest for the Lmc, not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that Copies of all such Mortgages and Alignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners; and that it shall and may be lawful for all and every Person and Persons, to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured, by Indorsement on his, her, or their Security or Securities, or n?hcr\vife, to assign or transfer his, her, or their Mortgage and Security, and Right to the principal Money and Interest thereby secured; and that such Assignment or Transfer shall be produced and noahed to the Clerk or Clerks within Three Calendar Months after the Date thereof; and that the

C,

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 49. 775

said Clerk or Clerks shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made, containing the Date of fich Alignment or Transfer, Names of the Parties thereto, and the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned or transferred, in the said Book or Books to be be kept for entering the said ori-

final Mortgages and Assignments, for which he or they shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and ix-pence, and no more; and that, after such Entry made, such Alignment or Transfer shall intitle the Assignee or Assignees to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and that every such Assignee or Assignees shall and may, in like Manner, from Time to Time, assign or transfer; and all and every Creditor^epmed Person and Persons to whom such Mortgage, Transfer, or Assignment, shall be made as aforesaid, equal in Degrte. shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned. Creditors on the said Assessments,

Rates, and Sums of Money, in equal Degree One with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Money; and that the said Money, when borrowed, shall be applied for and towards the paying and defraying the Charges of pairing this Act, and for and towards the p lying and discharging of all and every of the said Debts so contracted by the fai l Commissioners as aforesaid, with the Interest thereof, and to or for no ocher Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Rates tote Money, by virtue hereof assessed upon the said Lands, shall be charged and chargeable with and for Jiable th* the Payment of all and every such Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed afc aforesaid, and the Mohey 10 bot-Interest thereof, and shall vtft in the respective Creditors, upon Default of Payment of such prin- rowe cipal Money and Interest, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof; and the said Creditors respectively, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have the same Rights and Privileges of railing and recovering the Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, payable by the said Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands, for and in respect of such principal Money and Interest, if Default shall be made in Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners, or their Receiver or Receivers, could have had, in case the said principal Money and Interest had been regularly paid.

XII. Provided, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be This Act not t* construed to extend, to affect, impeach, or lessen, any Right or Priority of Claim, which any Person prejudice the or Persons, who have advanced Money on the Credit of any former Act, now have upon the said Mortgages «n Lands in respect of such Money so advanced; but that the said Lands shall, in the first Place be liable the former Att. to the Rates and Taxes charged thereon by any former Act, and the Money borrowed thereon; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Mortgage, Assignment, Writings may be Transfer, or other Security for borrowing Money, or Assignment of such Mortgage or Security, or without Stamp*, any Contraft, Warrant, Judgement, or other Writing, in pursuance of or relating $0 the Execution of this Act, shall be charged with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Commissioners Seven or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered to appoint One or more to appoint Clerk or Clerks, Receiver or Receivers of the said Assessments, Taxes, Rates, and Sums of Money, Clerks, &c. with such reasonable Salaries as they shall think proper 5 and shall and may, from Time to Time, remove any such Clerks or Receivers, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or shall die; and that every Receiver so to be appointed as aforesaid, before he shall act in the Execution of his Office, shall give such Security to the said Commissioners for the due Execution thereof as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more, shall think proper; and that all and every Receivers to tire such Receiver or Receivers shall account and produce to the said Commissioners his or their Vouchers Security, tnd to for all such Sum ot Sums of Money as he or they shall receive or pay, by virtue of his or their account i said Office or Offices, at their First Meeting next after the First Monday in July in every Year and shall pay over the Balance of such Accounts remaining in their Hands, it any such there* be, unto the said Commissioners there assembled, or as they, or the major Part of them shall direct and appoint.

Xv. Provided, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Re- onRcfufalor ceiver or Receivers shall neglect or refuse to account for any Sum or Sums of Money by him or them Nfgicatoac-received in pursuance of this Act to the said Commissioners, at their said First Meeting next after the count, may be First Monday in July in every Year and to pay over the Balance remaining in his or their Hands committed by a to the said Commissioners there assembled, or as they shall appoint; then, and in either of the said JustK*

cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for Two or more Justices of the Peace of or for the Isle of Ely, not imerested, to enquire of and concerning such Neglect or Refusal; and if any such Receiver or Receivers shall be convicted thereof, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, then the said Justices shall, upon such Conviction, commit such Receiver or Receivers to the Common Gaol of the said Iile, there to remain until he or they shall have made a full, true, and perfect Account, and Payment, as aforesaid.

XVI. And, to the End that it may appear clearly what is raised from Time to Time by virtue of Rate* to be withe said Assessments or Rates, and how the same have been applied, and that all Accounts relating to in Books, the Monies raised and disbursed by virtue of this Act may be fairly examined; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall order and cause a Book of Assessments to be made and kept, and all the Rates and Assessments made as aforesaid under this Act to be fairFy entered therein; and also a Book of Accounts to be made and kept, and an Account of all the Re- ln(l Acco, ntlof ceipts and Disbursements relating to all Monies received and disbursed by virtue of this Act, to be Receipts*0

5 G 2 fairly Di/buifancms.

776 C. 49.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

entered in Bookt.

Sating the

Rights of the Company of Cuufcrvator?.

A.D. 1773.

fairly entered in the same; and that no. Accounts shall be passed and allowed, unlcf- the same shall be kept and made up in such Books as aforesaid; and that Once in every Year, to wit, at their said Firil Meeting next after the First Monday in July, they the said Commissioners, assembled at such iMeeting, shall carefully inspect and examine the Receipts and Disbursements of all such Monies as ' shall be received and disbursed by virtue of this Act't to the Twenty-fourth Day of June next before such Meeting, and all Vouchers relating thereto; and that upon Inspection and Examination of the said Accounts, upon Oath, to be administered by any One or more of the said Commissioners, which Oath any One or more of the said Commissioners is and are hereby impowered to administer, the Did Commissioners are hereby impowered and directed to allow and pass the said Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall appear to them just and reasonable; and the said Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be lo allowed by the said Commissioners, under their Hands, shall be fairly entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the said Commissioners; which said Book or Books shall and may be inspected and perused at all seasonable Times, by any Owner or Owners of the said Lands, or any. Parts thereof.

Precrtdings to be

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, at their said several Meetings, shall- be entered in a Book or Books to be-kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered, shall he signed by the Commissioners th n prefsnt, or the major Part of them; and that such Orders so signed shall be deemed ami taken to be original Orders, as fully and effectually as if the same were under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners; and *hat such Book or Hooks shall and may be inspected and perused at-all seasonable Times by any Owner or Owners of the said Lands, without Fee or Reward, and shall and may be produced and read in Evidence of all Cases of Suits or Actions, touching any Thing done u pursuance and by the Authority of this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend to invalidate, lessen, diminish, ataf; or take away* any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities vested in the Governor, Bailiffe, or Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford, Level% or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, by virtue of an Act made io the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, (and intituled, An Act for settling the draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level), or by virtue of any other Act or Statute whatsoever; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the said Act of the Fifteenth of King Charles the Second, or of any other Act or Statute whatsoever, now are vested in the said Governor*. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purpose s, as if this Act had never been made*

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter, or take away, any of the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, given by the said former Act to the Commissioners acting by virtue and in pursuance thereof; but that every Clause, Power, and Authority, therein contained, shall remain and' be in the same Force and Effedi, as if this Act had never been.

XX. Provided also, and be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this Ayl> or in the Execution of any of the Powers and Author ties hereby given, every such Action, Suit, or Information, shall, be commenced or prosecuted within Six Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards, and shall be I; id or brought in the said Isle of Ely, or in the County of Cambridge, and not effe-where; and the Defendant of Defendants In such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General IiYtie, and i( in Replevin jaftify and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting under and by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do; and shall and may, without specDH# pleading the same, other than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act: And if the fime shall appear to have Ixren so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought or laid in any ocher County or Liberty than in the said County of Cambridge, or in toe Liberty of the said Isle of Ely* then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant, or Avow^nts; or if the Plaimift iha 11 become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions;, Suit or Suits or if any Verdict shall pass, or upon Demurrer or otherwise. Judgement shall be given against1 the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs*; then, and in any of the» said cases, the Defendant or Defendants* Aowant or Avow.uiD. shall recover Ticble Costs, and have such and the like Rem.cics for th* fame, as wneic Colts by Law are awarded

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Au'lvowtv aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, tak n. and allowed to be a Publick Act; and all judges. Justices, and other Persons, are hefeby requnxd to take Notice thereof as such, without ("pedal ly pleading the same*

Sot to alter the Powers of the roinicr Act.

l/mita*ion of Actions.

[General Issue.]

brittle CoIL*

[Publick Act.]

---

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 50, 51. 777

CAP. L.

An Act for better regulating the Poor, and repairing the Highways, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

CAP. LI.

An Act to discourage the Practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious Suits in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, in Causes of Action arising within the Dominion of Wales; and for further regulating the Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales.

---

WHEREAS, to the intolerable Vexation and Charge of His Majesty's Subjects in the Dominion of Wales, it hath been the Practice to commence trifling and frivolous Suits in the Courts at Westminster, upon causes of Action arising within the said Dominion of Wales: In order that the same may be tried in the nearest adjoining English County to that Part of the Do- minion of Wales in which the Cause of Action has arisen, to discourage the like Practices for the future may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, in case the Plaintiff in any Action upon the Case for Words, Action of Debt, Trespass on the Case, Assault and Battery, or other personal Action, where the Cause of such Act shall arise within the Dominicm of Wales, and which shall be tried at the Assizes, at the nearest English County to that Part of the said Dominion of Wales % in which the Cause of Action shall be la>d to arise, shall not recover, by Verdict, a Debt or Damages to the Amount of Ten Pounds; in such Case, if the Judge who tried the Cause on Evidence appearing before him* shall certify oa the Back of the Record of Nisi Prists % that the Defendant or Defendants was or were resident in the Dominion of Wales at the Time of the Service of the Writ, or other melnc Process served on him, her, or them, in such Action, on such Fast, being fuggelied on the Record or Judgement Roll, a Judgement of Noniui-t shall be entered against the Plaintiff!, and such Defendant or Defendants shall be intitled to, and have like Judgment and Remedy thereon, to recover such and the like Costs, against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs irv every such Action, as if a Verdict had been given by the Jury for the Defendant or Defendants, unless the Judge, before whom such Cause shall be tried, shall certify on the Back of the Record, that the Freehold or Title of the Land mentioned in the Plaintiff’s was chiefly in Question, or that such Cause was proper to be tried in such English County.

reffdent in Wales at the Time of shy Service of the Wxit, &c. in

II. And, in order to prevent transitory Actions, where the Cause of Action docs not amount to Ten Pounds, arising within the Principality of Wales, from.being brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record out of the said Principality, be it further enacted, That in all transitory Actions arising within the said Principality, which, from and after the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, shall be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record out of the said Principality-of Wales, and the Venue therein* shall be laid in any County or PI ice out of the fai l Principality, and the Debt or Damages found by the Jury shall not amount to the Sum of Ten Pounds, and it shall appeaf upon the Evidence given on the Trial of the said Cause, that the Cause of Action arose in the said Principality of Wales, and that the Defendant or Defendants were resident in the Dominion of Wales at the Time of the Service of any Writ, or other mesne Process served on him, her, or them, in such Action, and it shall be so certified, under the Hand of the Judge who tried such Cause, upon the Back of the Record of Nisi Prius, (on such Fafts being suggested on the Record or Judgement Roll), a Judgement or Nonfuic shall be entered thereon against the P Lain tiff, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall pay to the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action, his or their Costs of Suit; and the Defendant and Defendants shall have like Remedy to recover the same as in the Caie i f a Verdict given for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action \ and, in the Taxation of all Costs allowed and given to the Defendant or Defendants by and in purfinnee of this Act, the proper Officer shall allow to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, cu,t of, the Defendant’s Costs, the full Sum raven by the Verdict to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs for his or their D.bt or Damages; and, although no Judgement fti^ill be entered for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon such VerJift, yet nevertheless such Vcr-iiift, without any Judgement entered thereon* shall be an effectual Bar to any Action or Acti jns com*: nicnced by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs for the lame.

III. And whereas by an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of H»s late Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for certain Ordinances in the King's Dominion and Principality of Wales, it is (amongst other T lings) enacted, That there shall be holden rnd kept Sessions, Twice in every Year, in every of the Shires of the said Dominion and Piihcipa-liry of Wales} the which Sessions II14U determined by called Xh King's Great Sejpms in Wales and that, the Juf-

iLc

Preamble-

After Jane v 1774, in case, the Plaintiff in any personal Action, &c. where the Cause shall arise in Wales, and be tried at the ntxt-English County to that Dominion, shall recover, by ’/er* diet. Damages to the Amount of 10l. j

the Defendant shall be intitled to Judgement, and Remedy* thereon, if such Action,

In all Aflioos within Wale* which shall be brought in f Courts oi Record out of the said Principality, and the Debt Hull be found by the Jury to amount to 10 1.

Art 5*& -

H lay VI.1.

778 C. 51.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Art 18 Eli*.

Welsh Justice* not to have

tice of Chester shall hold and keep Sessions, Twice in every Year, in the Shires of Denbigh, Flint and Montgomery \ and likewise that the Justice of North Wales shall hold and keep Sessions, Twice in every Year, in the Shires of Caernarvon, Merioneth, and Anglesey; and also that One Person, learned in the Laws of this Realm, by the King's Majesty to be named and appointed, shall be Justice of the Shires of Radnor, Brecknock, and Glamorgan; and shall likewise hold and keep Sessions, Twice in every Year, in every of the same Shires j and likewise that One other Person, learned in the Laws of this Realm, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be Justice of the Shires of Caermarthen, Pembroke, and Cardigan, and shall in like wife hold and keep Sessions, Twice in every Year, in

every of the same Shires; and that the said Persons, or Justices, and every of them, then being, or

that thereafter shall be, shall have several Letters Patents and Commissions for their Offices under the King’s Great Seal of England\ to be exercised by themselves, or their sufficient Deputies, according to the Purposes and Intents in the said Ordinances specified: And whereas by One other Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the appointing of 'Justices in the Shires of Wales, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That the Queen’s Highness, Her Heirs and Successors, may and shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to constitute, name, or appoint, Two or more Persons, learned in the Laws of this Realm of England, to be Justices of and for the said Counties of Chester, Flinty Denbigh, and Montgomery \ and Two or more, learned as aforesaid, to be Justices of North Wales; (videlicet)y of and for the said Shires of Anglefy, Caernarvon, and Merioneth \ and likewise Two or more learned as aforesaid, to be Justices of and for the Circuits and Shires of Radnor, Glamorgan, and Brecknock;

and also Two or more, learned as aforesaid, to be Justices of and for the Circuits and Shires of

Cardigan, Caermarthen, Pembroke, and the Town and County of Haverford West: And whereas the exercising the Power of appointing Deputies by such Justices may be attended with Inconvenience; Power hereafter for preventing thereof, be it further enacted, That no Justice now appointed, or at any Time here-©fexercifing after to be appointed, of or for the said County of Chester, or of or for any County, Circuit, or their Office by Shire, within the fakl Principality or Dominion of Wales, shall have any Power or Authority of excep/for the exercising his Office by Deputy, save and except for the Purpose of calling and adjourning any Purpose of call- Court or Courts, and receiving any Motion or Motions appointed, or especially directed to be made ing and adjourn- at such Court, and for the further Purpose of taking and proclaiming Fines and arraigning Recoveries, ing Courts, tak* in such Court or Courts of each respective Great Session and Assizes, within the Circuit of such cUimingFines, Ju*ce» anV Law, Statute, or Usage, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Ac.

Justices In Wales IV\ Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from may nominate henceforth it shall and maybe lawful to and for the fever d and respadlive Justices of and for the Dcput.es for the several and respective Circuits and Counties for the Time being, from Time to Time, and at

«dPurposes.t 0a any Time, as Occasion may require, by Writing under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices respectively, to nominate, constitute, or appoint, any Person or Persons to be his or their Deputy or Deputies, for the Intent and Purpose of calling and adjourning any Court or Courts, and receiving any Motion or Motions, appointed or especially directed to be made at such Court, and for the further Purpose of taking and proclaiming Fines, and arraigning Recoveries in such Court or Courts of each respective Great Session and Assizes, within their several and respective Circuits and Counties aforesaid, which Person or Persons so appointed shall have full Power and Hit Majestyim- lawful Authority so to do.

4er Hi, Royal V O

Sign Manual, rosy appoint Persons to exe-©tite the Office of Justices, in pi ice of thife

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall and may, under His and their Royal Sign Manual, appoint One or more Person or Persons, learned as aforesaid, to execute the said Office of Justice in the said County Palatine of Chester, or in any of the said Counties of Wales, for the then next ensuing Great Sessions, in the Place and Stead of any of the said Justices, who shall, by Illness, be prevented attending upon such Great Sessions, and so as often as the Necessity of the Case shall require j any Law, Usage or Custom, to the Contrary who, by ninefi, thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

be prevented from attending.

Suits to be tried by Special Junes j and such Juries miy. be itruck as in th

VI. And whereas it is conceived that the Suitors in the Court of the King’s Great Sessions in the Dominion and Principality of Wales will, in many cases, experience greit Benefit and Advantage by having their Suits tried by Special Juries; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

mutu id That the Indices of His Majesty's Great Sessions in Wales, upon Motion made on Behalf of His Co^rVaYweft- Majesty, Hs Heirs or Successors, or on Motion of any Prosecutor or Defendant in any Indictment iBmfter. or Information of any Misdemeanour, or on the Motion of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any Action, Cause or Suit whatsoever, depending, or to be brought and carried on, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Great Sessions in Walcs, shall and may, in case such Justices in their Discretion shall think fit, order and appoint a Jury to be struck before the proper Officer of such Courts, for the Trial of any Issue joined in any of the said cases, in such Manner as Special Juries have been usually struck in the Courts of Law at Westminster, upon Trials at Bar had in the said Courts; which Jury so struck as aforesaid shall be the Jury returned for the Trial of such Issue as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Party who shall, by virtue of rhis Act, apply for such Special Jury, shall not only bear and pay the

T*irfv apyVing for 'p 0*1

J l»y ft» ‘11 pjy

rhe Fo s t jr Aitk n^such J’;

v, and all Expences occifioaed by the TiiaJ of the Cause*

779

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 51.

Fees for (hiking such Jury* but shall also bear, pay, and discharge all the Expences occasioned by the Trial of the Cause by such Special Jury, and shall not have any further or other Allowance for the same, upon Taxation of Costs, than such Person or Party would be intitled unto in case the Cause had been tried by a common Jury, unless the Justices or Justice before whom the Cause is tried shall, immediately after the Trial, certify in open Court, under his or their Hand or Hands, upon the Back of the Record, that the same was a Cause proper to be tried by a Special Jury.

[

VIII. "And to prevent the Demand or Payment of extravagant Fees of Jurymen returned under the Authority of this Act," be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall serve upon any Jury, appointed or returned by Authority of this Act, shall be allowed, or take, for serving on any such Jury, More than the Sum of Money which the Justices or Justice who tries the Issue or Issues shall think just and reasonable, not exceeding the Sum of one Pound one Shilling, except in Causes where a View hath been or shall be directed.

IX. And, for the greater Ease and Benefit of all Persons whomsoever in the taking of Affidavits to Justices may be made use of and read in the Courts of His Majesty's Great Sessions in Wales, in all Matters and pT[oa*

causes whatsoever depending, or to be depending, in all or any of the Courts aforesaid, or in any- *°tiU^n£ing wife concerning the Proceedings of or in the same, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the proceedings in Justices of the respective Courts of Great Sessions in Wales for the Time being shall and may, by their Ciicuiu; One or more Comm i fti on or Commissions, under the Seal of the said respective Courts, from Time to Time, as Need shall require, impower such and so many Persons as they shall think fit and necessary, in all and every the several Shires and Counties within their respective Circuits in the said Dominion of Wales, to take and receive all and every such Affidavit and Affidavits as any Person or Persons shall be willing and deftrous to make before any of the Persons so impowered in, or concerning any Cause,

Matter, or Thing depending, or hereafter to be depending, or in anywise concerning any of the Proceedings to be in their respective Circuits of Great Sessions, as tlje Justices of His Majesty's Court of Ring’s Bench, or Common Pleas, or the Lord Treasurer, Chancellor, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, do use to do; which said Affidavits/ taken as aforesaid, a?d the shall be filed in the several and respective Offices of the said several and respective Courts of Great *1 be ft Jed in, Sessions, and the same shall and may be read and made use of in the said respective Courts to all In- the Office of tents and Purposes, as other Affidavits taken in the said respective Courts now are; and that all and therespectivr every Affidavit and Affidavits, taken as aforesaid, shall be of the same Force as Affidavits taken in Courts, the said respective Courts now are; and all and every Person and Persons forswearing him, her, or themselves, in such Affidavit or Affidavits, shall incur and be liable unto the same Penalties, as if such Affidavit or Affidavits had been made and taken in open Court; which said several Commissions shall be made out by the Prothonotary, upon a Fiat or Warrant from the said Justices for the Time being of the said respective Courts of Great Sessions in Wales; and the said Prothonotary shall cause an Entry to be made in a Book to be kept for that Purpose of the Names of the Persons to whom such Commissions are, from Time to Time, granted, and the respective Times when issued; and the following Fees shall be paid for each Commission, and no more; (to witJ, The Sum of Two Shillings for the Fiat or Warrant; the Sum of Four Shillings for making out the said Commission, besides the King’s Duty, and Value of the Parchment; and the Sum of Four Shillings for sealing the same; and every Commissioner, or Person so impowered, shall take and receive, for the swearing of every Affidavit before him, the Sum or Fee of One Shilling, and no more.

X. Provided nevertheless, That no Person appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid shall take or receive No Commission-any Affidavit during the Time of holding the Great Sessions, or Assizes, for the County or Place in shall take a* which such Cause, Matter, or Thing, shall be depending. o/*

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That such Officers of the said several and respective Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, as have heretofore taken or sworn Affidavits, shall and may continue so to do, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

holding A fine*. Officer who have berett fore taken Affidavits, may continue so to do.

XII. And, to give greater Ease and Benefit to all Persons within the said Dominion of Wales, in taking Justic«of the the Recognizances ol Special^ Bails upon all Actions and Suits depending, or to be depending in any of the Courts of His Majdiy’s Great Sessions in Wales; be it it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, pt wer Ter font t» That the Justices of the respective Courts of Great Sessions in Wales for the Time being shall and nkcRrcofm-may, by One or more Commission or Commissions, under the Seal of the said rTpeftive Courts, Mnm of Bail $ from Time to Time, as Need shall require, impower such and so many Persons (other than common Attorneys or Solicitors) as they shall think fit and necessary in all and every the several Shires and Counties within their respective Circuits in the said Dominion of Wales, to take and receive all and every such Recognizance or Recognizances of Bail or Bails, as any Person or Persons shall be willing or deftrous to acknowledge or make before any of the Persons so impowered in any Action or Suifi depending, or hereafter to be depending, in the said respective Courts, or any of them, in such Manner and Form, and by such Recognizance or Bail Piece, as the Justices of the said Courts of Great Sessions respectively have used to take the same; which said Recognizance or Recognizances, which shall be Bail Piece or Bail Pieces, so taken as aforesaid, together with an Affi lavit made of the due taking of JJ, VVTothefno° ‘ the Recognizances of such Bail or Bail Piece, by some credible Person present at the taking thereof, tary's Office shall be transmited to the Prothonotary^ Office, there to be filed of Record, paying such Fees as beftua

780 -C. 51. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

have ufunlly been'received for the taking of Special Bails by the Justices Clerks, and other Officers of the said respective Courts, which Recognizance of Bail or Bail Piece, so taken and transmitted, shall he of the like Effect, as if the same were taken before any of the said Justices; for the taking of every which Recognizance or Recognizances of Bail or Bail Piece, the Person or Persons so impowered shall receive only the Sum of or Fee of Two Shillings, and no more.

Justice? tonuki

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices of Great Sessions, Kuies r.r ja(h* in rpcjr respe^ftive Courts, shall and may make such Rules and Orders, for the justifying of such ' "Bails, and ing the same absolute, as to them shall seem meet, so as the Cognizor or Cognizors of

my such Bail or Bails be not compelled to appear in Person in any of the said Courts, to justify him or themselves $ but the same may be, and is hereby directed to be determined by Atli-’ davit or Affidavits, duly taken before the said Commissioners, touching the Value of their respective Estates.

Nr.icetobc

XIV. Provided always, That the Attorney for the Defendant or Defendants shall give Notice to gi/enofjhe the plaintiff’s Attorney of the taking of such Bail within Eight Days after the Caption thereof, and taking of such that the Plaintiff shall be at Liberty, within Eight Days after such Notice, to take Exception to fendiiit’s Attor- Bail, 811 enter the same *n the Prothonorai y’s Office; and such Exception having been taken, r*y to Attorney the Bail shall be justified before the Justices, before the Rising of the Second Court at the ensuing 43r the Plaintiff*. Sessions; and the Bail Bond taken by the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or other Officer, for the Defendant’s Appearance, shall remain in Force until such Special Bail shall have been finally justified as aforesaid; but the Plaintiff, nevertheless, shall be at Liberty to file his Declaration conditionally in the Prothonotary’s Office; and the Defendant, in case such Declaration shall have been delivered Seven Days before the First Day of the Session next ensuing the Return of such Writs, shall plead thereto, before the rising of the Second Court of such Great Sessions, unless further Time shall be given him by the Court for that Purpose.

Original Wr»*s,

XV. And whereas all Writs relating to Actions depending in the Courts of Great Sessions, in Bill*,&c.shall be the several Counties in North and South Wales, are returnable at the Great Session held respectively Mbr/the'kirf for t^e f^d Counties, and at no other Time, by which Means no Action that is commenced, (ex-ticrVof Nordi ccpt where the Defendant or Defendants voluntarily appear), can be brought to issue, and tried brand South fore the Second Session after such Action is commenced at the soonest, which is usually near a Year and a great Delay to the Suitors of the said Courts: For Remedy whereof, and for the greater Ease and Benefit of the said Suitors, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That fro n and after the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, all original Writs, Bills, and all mefr.e Process whatsoever, by which any Action shall he commenced or sued in the Lid Courts of Great Sessions for the said Counties of North and South Wales, shall and may be made returnable before His Majesty's Justices respectively of the several Counties of North and South Wales, on the First Wednesday in any Month, in each of the Two Vacations, annually, betwixt the Two Sessions, or on the First Day of the next Sessions, at the Election of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, his, her, or their Attorney, who shall fuc out the same: And that all such Writs or Process which shall issue out of the said Courts, returnable in the Vacations as aforesaid, and whereon or wherewith the Defendarttor Defendants shall be arrested or served with a Copy or Copies, such Defendant or Defendants shall appear and file Special Bail, or enter a Common Appearance, as the Case shall require, on the Day of such Return, or within Fourteen Days next after; and in case of Neglect in bailable Actions, the, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or other Officer, shall, at the Request and Colts of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Actions, his, her, or their Attorney, assign to such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs the Bail Bond taken /or the Defendant’s Appearance upon the Arrest, by Indorsement and Attestation under his Hancf, in the Picfence of Two or more credible Witnesses; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, after such Alignment made, may bring an Action or Suit upon such Bail Bond in his, her, or their own Name or Names; and the said Courts may, by Rule or Rules thereof respectively, give such Relief to the Plaintiff and Plaintiffs, Defendant and Defendants, in the original Action, and to the Bail so sued upon the Bail Bond, as is agreeable to Justice and Reason; and in case on Service of ‘ihe Copy of any Writ or Process, (having Notice thereunder written, purporting the Intent of such Service), returnable in the Vacation Time as aforesaid, the Defendant or Defendants so served therewith, shall not appear at the Return, or within Fourteen Diys next after the Return thereof, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in Inch Action, upon Affidavit being made, and filed with the Prothonotary of the said respective Courts, or his Deputy, of the personal Service of such Writ or Process as aforesaid, to enter a common Appearance or Appearances for the Defendant or Defendants, and to proceed thereon as if such Defendant or De-r fmdants had entered his, her, or their Appearance; and Special Bail having been filed, or a common Appearance entered, as the Case shall require, the Plaintiff'in such Action may proceed to ills his Declaration; and the Defendant or Defendants, in case such Declaration shall have been der livered Se\en Days before the First Day of the Session next ensuing the Return of such Writ, shall bound to plead thereto, before the rising of the Second Court of such Great Session, to b<? holden for the the County or Place in which such Action shall have been brought, unless the Court shall thir.k proper to allow further Time for that Purpose. u ^vto^c ii>*ed

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of by The°CUr«. 7in:i^ry-> Gnu thousami seven hundred and seventy-four. every Officer or Cler*k belonging to the fe-verai Courts of Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales, who shall sign any Original Writ or Bill,

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 51. 781

relating to Actions depending in the said Courts of Great Sessions, shallt at the signing thereof, set down vupon such Original Writ or Bill the Day and Year of his signing the same, which shall be entered upon the Remembrance, or in the Book where the Abstracts of such Original Writ or Bill shall he entered, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for every Offence or Neglect of such Officer or Clerk aforesaid; to be recovered by any Person who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Wager of Law, Protection, or Essoin, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XVII. And whereas by sundry Statutes, Penalties are given for Offences thereby provided Penalties givea against, and such Penalties are directed to be sued for and recovered in His Majesty's Courts ^s^,w^re of Westminster only, and the enabling the respective Courts of Great Session to hold Pleas, or ,°c0vered.40 <o have Cognizance in all such Cases arising or happening within their respective Jurisdictions, would be. for the Ease and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the Dominion of Wales \ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the pifft Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, in all Cases where any Penalty or Penalties is or are given by any Statute, and the same is, are, or shall be directed to be recovered in the Courts of Westminster, or either of them, excepting such as may by the Laws now in being be sued for only rh His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and the Offence for which any such Penalty or Penalties hath or shall be given shall be done or committed in any of the Counties of Wales, and the Defendant or Defendants liable to the same shall be resident within the Jurisdiction of the Great Session held for any County of Wales, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecutors, or other Person to whom any such Penalty is given, or who shall be in titled to sue for the same, in every such Case, to sue for and recover the same in the Courts of Great Session re-fpcftvely in Wales, within which such Penalties have or shall be incurred, in such Manner and Form as he, she, or they, might have done in the Courts at Westminster; and that the said respective Courts of Great Session shall have Jurisdiction as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Courts had been respectively named in all and every of the said Acts, and the Powers thereby giver* extended to the said respective Courts.

CAP. LII.

An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay-masters for assaying Wrought Plate in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham.

WHEREAS the Silversmiths and Plate-workers in and about the Town of Birmingham, PremnMe.

in the County of Warwick, and in and about the Town of Sheffield, in the County of/ari,

are u ider great Difficulties and Hardships in the Exercise of their Trades, for want of Aflayers in convenient Places to aflav and touch their Wrought Plate For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Towns of Birmingham and Sheffield aforesaid shall be, and are hereby appointed for the assaying and marking of Wrought Silver Plate, and for executing the Powers, Authorities, and Directions given by this Act.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Earl of Dartmouth, the I^ight Ho- The GutHitw Tiotirable Lord Archer, the Right Honourable Heneage Finch, commonly called Lord Guernsey \ the of the Standard Right Honourable George Greville, commonly called Lord Greville; the Right Honourable Francis of Wro9i^. Gonway, commonly called Lord Beauchamp; Sir John Wrottesly Baronet, Sir Henry Bridgerfian Baronet, the Honourable John Ward, Richard Geaft, John llfyrlcy, isaac Spooner, Henry Gough, ' Charles Cole-more 1 John Taylor, Samuel Garbitt, Henty Carver (enior, Joseph Wilkinson, Sampson Loyd junior,

Thomas Ingram, Edward Palmer^John Kettle, Joshua Glover, Matthew Boulton, John Francis, Thomas Mynde, Samuel Pemberton, John Turner senior, John Lee, William Sayer, John Lane of Mosely, James Alfton, MatthiW Barker, Joseph Adams of Waif all, James Wright, Samuel Gallon, and James Jackson,

shall be, and are hereby incorporated a Company of or belonging to the said Town of Birmingham \ and that the most Honourable Charles Marquis of Rockingham, the Earl of Stafford, the Earl of Effingham, Godfrey Bagnall Clark, Anthony Saint Leger, Samuel Shore the younger, Samuel Tooker, Henry Howard, Walter Oborne, the Reverend James Wilkinson Clerk, Benjamin Roebuck, Thomas Broadbent+

John Shore, George Greaves, John Turner, Thomas Bland, George brittain, Samuel Staniforth, Simon Andrews Young, Joseph Matthewman, John Hoyland, Henry Tudor, John Winter, Albion Cox, John Rowbotham, Joseph Hancock, Matthew Fenton, William Marfden, Thomas Law, and Joseph Wilson, shall be, and are hereby incorporated a Company of or belonging to the said Town of Sheffield, and shall be called and known by the Name of The Guardians of the Standard of Wrought Plate, within such Towns respectively, and shall continue of such Company so long as they live and reside in such Towns respectively, or within Twenty Miles thereof; which Companies respectively shall be enabled, and are hereby authorised, on or before the Fifth Day of July next, to meet at some convenient Place within each Town respectively, and chuse Four Persons by Majority of Voices out of each Company respectively, to be the Wardens of the said Company in each of the said Towns respectively; which said Wardens shall continue for the Space of One Year and no longer, unless reelected by the Company in Manner aforesaid,

782 C. 52. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. ' A.D. 1773.

Other Persons

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each of the said Companies re-to be chosen in spectively shall be enabled, and are hereby authorised and directed, annually, on the Firil Monday in July in every Year, out of 'fit and proper Persons resident in such Towns respectively, or within a^dVour War- Twenty Miles thereof, to chufc, by a Majority of Members present at any Meeting to be held for that tiens to be elc£t- Purpose, One or more Person or Persons into the said Companies respectively, in the Place and Stead cd. of such of the said Company who shall have died or removed to a greater Distance than Twenty Miles from such Towns respectively, so as by reason of such Choice there shall not be, when the Company is compleat, more than Nine or less than Six Phtc-workers Members of each Company respectively; and that immediately after such Companies shall be so filled up in Manner aforesaid, they shall be enabled, and are hereby authorised and directed, to proceed to the Election of the Four Wardens for the Year ensuing, in Manner aforesaid; and if any of the said Wardens so chosen as aforesaid shall happen to die, or remove to a greater Distance than Twenty Mflles out of such Town, then the said Companies respectively shall, within One Month after such Death or Removal, chuse another Pci fort of each respective Company, in Manner aforesaid, to be Warden in his Room; and such Person shall and is hereby authorised and required to ad accordingly for the Remainder of that Year.

Ko Silver Plate

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Silversmith or Plate-worker in to be foU, un- either of the said Towns, or within Twenty Miles thereof, shall knowingly put to Sale, exchange, or til th- fame ft»all fell any Silver Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Silver, made or wrought rn either of the said Towns, or be marked with thin Twenty Miles thereof, after the Twenty-ninth Day of September next, or export the same out of the Worker’s *s Kindom, until such Time as such Silver Vessel, Plate, or manufactured Silver, (being of the Standard

Name, &c. of Eleven Ounces Two Penny Weight of fine Silver per Pound Troy,) shall be marked as followeth;

that is to say, with the Mark of the Worker or Maker thereof, which shall be the First Letters of his Christian and Surname; and also with the Lion Passant, and with the Mark of the Company within whose Assay Office such Plate shall be assayed and marked, to denote the Goodness thereof, and the Place where the same was assayed and marked; and also with a distinct variable Mark or Letter; which Letter or Mark shall be annually changed upon the Election of new Wardens for each Company, to denote the Year in which such Plate is marked, or Plate being of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten Penny Weight of fine Silver per Pound Weight Troy, with the Mark of the Worker or Maker thereof, which shall be the First Letters of his Christian and Surname, as aforesaid, the Figure of a Woman commonly called Britannia, the said Mark or Letter to denote the Year as aforesaid, and with the Mark of the Company within whose Office such Plate shall be assayed and marked, upon Pain rhat all such Silver Vessels, Plate, or other manufactured Silver, (except such Things as by reason of their Smallness or Thinness are not capable of receiving a Touch), which shall be made, exposed to Sale, exchanged, or exported, contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited, or the Value thereof, One Moiety thereof to the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as will sue for the same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any Court of Record in any County or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed, and wherein no Eflbin, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

peculiar Marks V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the peculiar Marks of the said Com-ftfthe firming- panies, directed to be used as aforesaid, shall be as follows; that is to say. For the Birmingham Com* hun and shet- parry, an Anchor: and for the Sheffield Company, a Crown.

fiud Companies. 9

AfiTayen to be VI.^ And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each of the said Companies shall, elected by both from Time to Time, elect and chule, in Manner aforesaid. One or more able and skilful Person or

Companies. Persons, experienced in the assaying of Silver, to be the Assayer or Assayers; and that such Person or Persons so chosen shall continue in the said Office during his or their Life or Lives, unless he or they shall neglect to attend the said Business, or shall die, or be rendered incapable of executing the said Office of Assayer 5 for which said Assayer or Assayers it shall and may be lawful to detain Eight Grains only from every Pound Troy of Silver he or they shall assay, Four Grains whereof shall be put into the Box or Diet, and the other Four Grains shall be allowed him towards his Waste and Spillings in making the said Allays; and every Allayer and Assayers, chosen in pursuance of this Act, immediately after his or their Election or Elections, and before he or they take upon himfdf or themselves the Execution

of the said Office, shall enter into One Bond or Obligation to the Matter of His Majesty's Mint for the Time being, with Two (efficient Sureties, to be approved of by the said Matter, in the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, for the Execution of the said Office, and for the due Payment of all such Fines and Sums of Money as are and flic.ll be charged and imposed on him or them by this Act, (or Neglect or Fraud in the Execution of the said Office; and shall also take and subscribe the Oath following; videlicet,

Airayer’i Oa»h. T A.B. do swear, 7rat I will be f Pitiful and true to our Sovereign Lord King George, and will, so long y as 1 continue an /fJFycr, well ami faithfully behave myself in the said Office; and no undue Profit to niyfilf take, to the Hint or Hinder mice f any Person that is Owner or Bringer of any Silver in Plate to be assayed, except of Wrought Plate only, Four Crains of every Pound Weight to be taken and put into the Box of Diet, and other Four Crams to be taken hL wise of every Pound Weight of Plate wrought, (and not otherwise), towards tny Weft and Spillings in making the Jo id Jfiiys; and that I will touch no Silver but what shall be of the Goodness of and according to the Standard of this Kingdom, which. for the Time being, is or shall be appointed by La w for Wrought Piate, or better; and all such Silver as shall be brought to me to be touched, / will carefully examine y to fee if it be of all One Sort of Silver, and forward enough in the Workmanshipj and whether all the

Pieces

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52.

Pieces be fixed together that ore intended to be affixed together, and whether it be not charged with unnecessary Saider; and if I find the same Halle to either of the Objections aforeJ'aid, I will not asshy the same; and that I will truly set down in Writing all such Silver cfs shall be brought to me- to be touched, and the same, at all Times, as I shall be required, will duly and truly deliver again, (except Eight Grains as aforesaid); and' will true Accounts make thereof when required by the Wardens of the Company wherein I am chosen Assay er; and that I will no A [fays make of things new ivr ought, before that they be marked with the Mark of the Maker or Owner thereof \ and that I will> according to the left of my Skill and Judgement, make every AJJ'ay so, and in such Sort and Manner, as may bcjl af-crrtain the true intrinsick Standard of such Plate so to be a fayed \ and that I will not put> or witting/v fufer to be put, into the aforesaid Box, any Silver but that Silver which has been scraped and taken in my Presence from the Plafe which I shall a say and pass for Standard; and that / will not, by myself or in Partnership with any other Perf on, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the buying or selling of Silver Bullion, or in the manufacturing of Wrought Plate.

So help me GOD.

Which Oath the Matter of His Majesty's Mint in the Tower of London for the Time being, or in his Absence his Deputy in the said Office, is hereby required and impowered to administer to such Aflayer.

VII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person °n Death of chosen Assayer in pursuance of this Act, shall neglect to attend the said Business, or shall die, or be rendered incapable of executing the said Office; that then, and in either of the said cases, it shall and cicala*nother, may be lawful to and for that Company to whom such Aflayer did belong to elect and chuse, in Manner aforesaid, One other fit and proper Person to be the Aflayer, in the Place and Stead of the Allayer

falline under either of the Descriptions aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each of the said Companies shall Each Company find and provide, within their respective Towns, a proper Place for an Office for receiving in, allay- ^office*1 ing, and delivering out all Wrought Plate that shall be brought to be allayed in pursuance of this Act; and Yhe Wrought and that all Wrought Plate that shall be there brought for the Purpose aforesaid shall be examined by Plate to be ex*. Two of the Wardens and Aflayer of the said Company, to fee if it be all of One Sort of Silver, and mined by Two forward enough in the Workmanship, and whether all the Pieces be affixed together that are intended ^rde0i and to be affixed together, and whether it be marked with the Maker or Owner’s Mark, or be not charged A a>er* with unnecessary Solder; and that if they shall find any of such Plate liable to either of the Objections aforesaid, that then they shall return the same without making any Assay thereof; but if they shall find such Plate free from all the Objections aforesaid, that then there shall be drawn, scraped, or cut off, in the Presence of Two of the Wardens and Aflayer, so much from each Piece, in proportion to the Weight thereof, as will not exceed in the Whole the Rate of Eight Grains for every Pound Weight; and the Drawings, Scrapings, or Cuttings off, from each Piece, shall immediately after be divided into Moieties in the Presence of the said Wardens and Aflayer; and a Moiety of the Drawings, Scrapings, or*Cuttings off, from each Piece, be delivered to the Aflayer, for him to make his Assays, and the other Moiety shall be locked up with Three different Locks in a Box to be provided for that Purpose, (which shall be called The Assayer's Box), and the respective Keys thereof shall he kept by Two of the Wardens and Aflayer of such respective Company by whom such Assayers shall be elected and chosen.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if on View of any of the said Plate If bise Metal bt so brought to be a flayed, and after Weighing the same in Water, and trying the Eftest of Magnetism, f°un* any the Wardens and Aflayer, or either of them, shall have Suspicion of Iron, or other base Metal, being ^7jme*(hal?be introduced or concealed in any Piece of Plate so brought to be a flayed; that then it shall and may be broken^ d the lawful to and for the said Wardens and Aflayer to cut the same, or cause the same, in their Presence, Valueforfeiud, to be cut; and if upon Cutting thereof any unnecessary Iron, or other base Metal, shall be found

therein, the said Piece of Plate shall be broken and defaced, and they are hereby authorised and directed to break and deface the same; and the said Plate, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited to the said Wardens and Aflayer, a *d the Produce thereof be by them applied towards the Expences of the Assay Office.

X. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if on cutting if* no base Metal such Plate, by Authority aforesaid, no unnecessary Iron, or other base Metal, shall be found therein; be found on cut-that then, and in such Case, the said Wardens and Aflayer shall forthwith make a Recompence and ^son^penc/to Satisfaction, in Money, to the Owner of such Plate, to the full Amount of the Damage done to the bemadel* ° fame, and charge the lame to the Account of the Expences of the Assay Office.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Moiety of the Drawings, Drawings, Scrap-Scrapings, or Cuttings off, of each Piece so to be brought to the Assay Office as aforesaid, and the &c lt

Moiety thereof, to be locked up in the Aflayer*s Box as aforesaid, shall be put in separate Papers, and ipoe 0 marked with corresponding Numbers, and the Aflayer shall make his Report to the Wardens upon each Piece; and such of the said Numbers, as the Aflayer shall Report to be worse than Standard, the Pieces of Plate corresponding with such Numbers shall be broke to Pieces in the Presence of the said Wardens and Aflayer, and returned to the Owner, he paying Sixpence per Ounce to the Aflayer for allaying the same 5 and such Numbers as the said Aflayer shall report to be Standard or better, the Pieces of Tlate corresponding with such Numbers shall be forthwith marked, in the Presence of the Wardens and Aflayer, with the Company’s Mark, and delivered to the Owner or Bringer of such Plate, (he paying for making the Assay thereof such Sums of Money as are herein after directed to be

784- C. 52.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Cumfanics )

paid for the same); and the Scrapings belonging to such corresponding Numbers which shall be so reported Standard, or better, shall be taken out of the Assayer^ Box and be folded up, and the Name of the Maker of the Plate indorsed thereon, and immediately deposited in a Box to be provided for that Purpose, (which shall be called The Diet Box), and which Box shall be locked with Three dist'e- ' rent Locks, and the respective Keys thereof shall be kept by Two of the said Wardens and Aflayer

and which said Box shall never after be opened but in the Presence of the said Wardens and Aflayer, or any of the Diet taken thereout, bat for the Purpose of Trial thereof annually, as hereafter is mentioned; and the Moiety of the Scrapings, Drawing^, and Cuttings off, which shall be delivered, to the Aflayer for the Purpose of Assaying, or so much thereof as shall remain after such Process, shall, in the Presence of the Wardens, be put by the Aflayer together in the Aflayer’s Box, in a Part thereof to be appropriated for that Purpose, to be disposed of as by this Act is hereafter directed.

[Proviso.]

XII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Plate

so brought to be afTiyed shall be reported to be of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten penny Weight*, or better, that then the Moiety of the Drawings, Scrapings, or Cuttings off from such Plate, shall be put in the Diet Box, in a Part thereof to be appropriated for that Purpose, and not blended with the other Diet, to the Intent that the Diet of Plate of each of the aforesaid Standards may be separatety-tried on the annual Trial of the Diet herein after directed.

Silversmith or

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the Twenty-ninth p;a wotker Day of September next, every Silversmith or Plate-worker inhabiting in either of the Towns aforesaid, not e. tenpg hn or within Twenty Miles of either of them, and also every Person who, at any Time after the said vyJrdcm'of that Twenty-ninth Day of September, shall follow the Trade of a a Silversmith or Plate-worker, before he Company takes upon him to exercise either of the said Trades shall enter his Name and his Mark, and Place of nearrft wh ch Abode, with the Wa dens of that Company neared which he shall reside, which shall be done by hc^aJ i e fide, the said Wardens upon Demand, without Fee or Reward; and if any such Silversmith or Plate-worker shall not enter his Name and Mark, and Place of Abode, as aforesaid, or shall reside and carry on his said Trade in any other Place than what he has so entered as the Place of his Abode, and shall not have entered his Removal, or shall strike any other Mark on Plate than what is so entered, such Silver-fcali forfeit 100l. fy’kh or Plate-worker so offending shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid.

p^ron* coun-

XIV. And be it further enacted by Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever shall cast, terfeiting of forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be cast, forged, or counterfeited, any Mark or Stamp

Mark* oritampt used, or to be used for marking Plate, in pursuance of this Act, or by any Maker or Worker of Sil-med bythsiaiA vcr pjatc> or any or either of them; or shall cast, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be calf, forged, or counterfeited, any Mark, Stamp, or Impression, in Imitation of, or to resemble any. Mark, Stamp, or Impression made, or to be made, with any Mark or Stamp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said Companies respectively, or by any Maker or Worker of Silver Plate, or any or either of thpm; or shall mark or (lamp, or cause or procure to be marked or damped, any Silver Wrought Plate with any Mark or Stamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited in Imitation of, or torefemble any Mark or Stamp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said Companies respectively, or by any Maker or Worker of Silver Plate, or any or either of them; or shall transpose or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed or removed, from One Piece of Wrought Plate to ano-onc Piece to ano- ther, or to any plated Vessel, or to any Vessel of base Metal, any Mark, Stamp, or Impression, made, the, and expof- or to ma(je> by or with any Mark or Stamp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said Companies respectively, or by any Maker or Worker of Silver Plate, or arty or either of them; or shall fell, exchange, or expose to Sale, or export out of this Kingdom, any Silver Wrought Plate, or any Vessel of base Metal, with any such forged or counterfeit Mark, Stamp, or Impression thereon, or any Maik, Stamp, or Impression, which hath been or shall be transposed or removed from any orher Piece of Plate, knowing such Mark, Stamp, or Impression, to be forged, counterfeited, or transposed, or removed, as aforesaid; or shall wilfully or knowingly have or be possessed of any Mark or Stamp which hath been, or shall be, forged or counterfeited, in Imitation of, or to resemble any Mark or Stamp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said Companies respectively, or by any Maker or Worker of

Silver Plate, or any or either of them; every such Person offending in any, each, or either of the

Kion, be tria* Cases aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, by Order of the Court before whom such sported to Ame- Offender shall be convicted, be transported to some of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America ricafor 14Ytu*. for the Term of Fourteen Years.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any working Silversmith or Dealer in Wrought Plate, or any Worker or Dealer in any other Metal plated or covered with Silver, shall strike, or cause to be struck, any Letter or Letters upon any Vessel, or other Thing made of Metal plated or covered with Silver, or upon any Metal Vessel, or other Thing made to look like Silver; such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; to be recovered and dispoied of as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Silversmith and Plate-worker shall first fix his or their Mark upon his or their Plate which shall be made from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September next, (except, such Things which by reason of their Smallness or Thinness are not capable or receiving the Touch), and shall then bring or fend the same to the Office where they shall have entered their Mark, and Place of Abode, and the same shall be there allayed according to this Act; and if by the Aflayer k shall be found to be of the Fineness of Standard, which

for

or trtnfpofing Stamps from

ip| such Sale;

shall, on Con*

Dealers in plated Meta) causing Lt iters to be (truck thereon, to forfeit 100 1.

A flayers to take

n* t exceeding is. for rvery lb, Troy of Wrought Plate allayed.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52. 785

for the Time being is or shall be appointed by I*aw for Wrought Plate, or better, then the same shall be marked with the Company’s Marks, in the Presence of the Wardens and Allayer; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Assayer, or such other Person as the Wardens for the Time being of each respective Company shall appoint, to a(k, demand, take, and receive, of and from all and every such Person and Persons as shall, from Time to Time, bring to the Allay Office belonging to the said Company any Piece or Parcel of Wrought Plate to be assayed, tried, and marked, such Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards, as they shall think fit, so as such Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards, do not exceed the Sum of One Shilling for every Pound Troy, and so proportionably for every greater or less Quantity of Plate so assayed and marked.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That if any Parcel or single Piece of Wrought Plate shall be brought u.miyte

or sent to the said Office to be allayed, which, according to the Rate or Price herein-before limited, taken, though shall not amount to the Sum of One Shilling, then there shall be paid for allaying and marking such *hc assayed Parcel or single Piece of Wrought Plate a Sum of Money or Reward not exceeding One Shilling; any the limited Thing herein contained to the Contrary in anywise notwithstanding. r* €.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Assayers so to be chosen by Affrayer* not to virtue of this Act as aforesaid shall not discover, by Description, in Words, or otherwise, to any Per- <hfco*er any Deson or Persons whatsoever, any Pattern, Design, or Invention, of any Piece of Silver Plate brought,

or to be brought, to the Office to be assayed as aforesaid, or permit the same to be viewed or seen by be any Person whomsoever, but the Wardens and other Persons necessarily employed, or to be employed, assayed; in the said Office; and also shall keep a Book or Books, wherein shall be entered the Names of every and dull enter Owner of Plate brought to be assayed, and the Assortment of Plate assayed, and an AccountNameiof of the Money received for the allaying thereof, and likewise an Account of the Monies arising from the «,

Scrapings and Cuttingsoff of the said Plate so brought to be assayed, when the same shall be fold in Account *f Ser— Manner herein after directed, and also an Account of the Officers and Servants Salaries and Wages, runts S*larie*,\ and other incidental Expences attending the carrying this Act into Execution; and that every *c.

Member of each respective Company shall have free Access to the said Books, and the Inspection thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Maries belonging to each of Mark*to VI the said respective Companies shall be locked up in a Box with Three different Locks, and the respect locked up in tive Keys thereof shall be kept by Two of the Wardens and Assayer of such respective Company, and shall never be taken thereout but in the Presence of Two of the said Wardens and Assayer, for the wh*fll ue £9 Purpose of marking the Plate which shall have been assayed and reported Standard, and which Plate kept by Two shall be marked in the Presence of Two of the said Wardens and Assayer, and the Marks immediately Warden* and an after locked up in Manner aforesaid: And that if by Connivance of the said Wardens the Assayer shall ^flayer* and all mark, or suffer to be marked, any Plate with the Company’s Mark, any otherwise than in the Presence 111

of the Two Wardens 5 or if he shall mark any Plate that has not been duly assayed and found Standard; fence# or if he shall discover, by Description, in Words, or otherwise, to any Person or Persons whatsoever. On Connivanot any Pattern*. Design, or Invention, of any Piece of Silver Plate brought to the Office to be assayed as of the Warden* aforesaid j or wittingly or willingly permit or suffer the same to be viewed or seen by any Person whomsoever, but the Wardens and other Persons necessarily employed in the said Office; he shall forfeit and *erni £c.*ht pay the Sum of Two.hundred Pounds; to be recovered and disposed of in Manner aforesaid, and shall shall fortes be turned out of his Office, and be rendered ever after incapable of exercising the Office of an Af- *oo!« sayer.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Assayer of each respectScraping*tod

tive Company shall. Four Times in every Year, duly weigh, in the Presence of the Wardens of the Cu.lti"5lJE° be said Company, all the Scrapings and Cuttings-off of Silver deposited in the Assayer’s Box, *fter Time* incvetf Report thereof made as aforesaid, and enter the true Weight thereof in a Book to be kept for

that Purpose; and that when the same is so weighed and entered, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Wardens to sell and dispose thereof, apd, after entering an Account of the Produce thereof in the Book belonging to such Company, containing their Receipts and Payments for and on the Account of the Assay Office, pay and apply the same for and towards such Payments.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Diet Box belonging to each Diet Box tofcc« of the said Companies shall. Once in every Year, be opened in the Presence of the Assayer and the Oncem every Four Wardens belonging to each Company, and the Diet therein be taken out and carefully packed ^"pr^d0fa up iiv Two Separate Parcels, if of different Standards, without opening the Paperj containing the the Aflayw'ind fame, and carefully Secured and feaied with the respective Seals of the said Wardens and Assayer* and the Four W*r-by them, in each other’s Presence, delivered to a Mefftnger, to be by him conveyed, to His Majesty's dens;

Mint in the Toyvcr of London, and delivered to the Matter of the Mint, or his Deputy, Jtaking a Re- «onrer®*19 ceipt from him who shall so receive it for the same, which Receipt the fail Matter, or his Deputy, are *"* Mint# hereby directed to give; and that the Messenger conveying the same shall, at the Time of the delivering thereof to the said Matter, or his Deputy, make Oath before the said Matter, or his Deputy,

I which Oath the said Matter, or his Deputy, are hereby authorised and directed to administer), that-e received the Box or Parcel (as the Case may be) from the Wardens and Assayer of the Company,.. so feaied as on the Delivery thereof, and that the same had not been opened after, he h^d so received) the.

(ante. f iiitiltf of tkc

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter of fais Majesty's Mint to prefer Mint for the Time being, or his Deputy, shall, within Fourteen Days next after the said Diet shall Memorial to

doreAfi*/-matter,

jS6 C. 52.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

A.D.

layer, to be pi carat.

If the Piet is not found sufficient in Finenefi, the AfTayef dull forfeit 2001*

Overplus of Money arising to be applied in prosecuting Offenders*

1773.

fore tho Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or whom he or they appoint; and that the said Matter of the Mint, or his Deputy,* piving Notice by shall, by Letter, to be sent by the General Pott, give such Aflayer, whose Diet is to be tried, Notice Pod to the Af- of the Time and Place appointed for such Trial, that he may be present, if he thinks fit; and shall, on that Day whereon the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, shall appoint, and in the Presence of him or them, or of such Persons to be appointed by him or them, as aforesaid, deliver the said Diet, so received by him as aforesaid, unopened to His Majesty's Assay-master of the Mint aforesaid, who, in the Presence of the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or of such Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall duly act'ay and try the same by the indented Pieces herein after directed to made, in such Manner as by the Persons then present shall be thought necessary, and make a true Report thereof; and if upon such Trial the same shall be found agreeable in Fineness to the said respective indent Trial Pieces, ot better, that then His said Majesty's Aii'ay-master shall return the said Diet to, or to the Order of she Wardens and Assay-master of the Company aforesaid, who are hereby authorised to sell and dispose thereof; and having entered the Produce thereof in the Book of Accounts of the Receipts and Payments relative to the Assay Office from whence such Diet shall be sent, to pay and apply such Produce for and towards the necessary Expence of such Office.

XXIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, on the said Trial, tht said Diet shall be found not agreeable in Fineness with the said Trial Pieces, according to the respective Standards thereof, but worse; that then, and in such Case, the Assayer belonging to that Company, whose Diet shall be so tried, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid, and shall ever after, be rendered incapable of acting as an Aflayer.

XXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That in case the said Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards, hereby given, granted, or allowed, to each Company, in each of the said Towns respectively, for the allaying and marking Wrought Plate, shall raise more Money than shall be sufficient to defray the necessary Expences of the said respective Assay Offices, then the Overplus-Money (if any) shall be respectively applied by each Company, from Time to Time, in the prosecuting Offenders against this Act; and if such Prosecutions shall not require the Whole of such Overplus, that then the said Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards, shall afterv/ards be lessened in proportion by the respective Companies aforesaid; and they are hereby required to take so much less for the afiaying, trying, and marking. Wrought Plate for the future, as will answer the Purposes aforesaid only, without bringing any Profit to any of the said respective Companies; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Wardens and Aflayer of each of the said respective Companies shall, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, make, or cause to be made, Twq indented Trial Pieces, whereof One shall be of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Twb Pehhyw^jght of fine Silver, and Eighteen Pennyweight of Alloy in the Pound Weight Troy, and the other of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten Penny Weight of fine Silver, and Ten Penny

lint by the Weight of Alloy in the Pound Weight Troy; and after the said Two Trial Pieces shall be made as Assay-master. aforesaid, they shall he brought to His Majesty's Mint in the Tower of London^ and there be affiayed and tried by His Majesty's Assay-master; and when the same shall have been so assayed and tried, and found to be of the respective Standards aforesaid. One Moiety of each Piece shall be delivered back to the Aflayer whp brought the same, and such Moieties shall be deposited by him in his Office as Guides for trying such rlate as shall be brought to his Office to be allayed, and the other Moieties shall remain in His Majesty's Mint, in the Custody of the Master and Worker for the Time being, thereby to try the Diet directed to be assayed by His Majesty's Assay-master as aforesaid.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each of the said respective Companies shall, before the Allay of their Diet, yearly and every Year, pay to the Master of His Majesty's Mint. Majesty's Mint, or his Deputy, for the Use of his Deputy, and to the King’s Assay-master, the several Sums.following; (that is to say,) To the Master of His Majesty's Mint, or his Deputy, the Sum of Three Pounds Three Shillings, and to the King’s Aflav-master the Sum of Ten Pounds Ten Shillings by way of Recon pence for the Trouble and Expence they will respectively have and incur by mean* of the Trial of the said Diet, in Manner aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further masted'by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Companies, Or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorised and im-' powered, fiCm Time to Time, to make Bye-laws, Rules, and Orders, for the Well-government and

Management of their respective Offices, and for fixing the Salaries and Rewards of their respective Officers, and for fixing the Time and Manner for receiving in and delivering out Plate brought to be assayed, and for every other Purpose relative to the Conduct cr Management of such Office, so as such Bye-laws, Rules, and Orders, do not in any Respect contradict this Act, or the Laws of the Re dm.

Wardens to sub-

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each of the Wardens of the fcnbe the foi- said Companies shall, after ‘ his Election, and before he takes upon him the Execution of the said owing Office, take and fubictibe Xhe followingf Oath j videlicet,

I A.B.

Two indented

Trial Pieces to be asade by the

" hkb TWO PetlflyWeight

shall be triwlat the Mint

Sums payable yearly to the flatter of His

Companies to nuke B;c4iws.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

C. 53. 54- 787

JA.B. do swear, That I will, so long as I continue a Warden, well and faithfully behave tnyself in the said Office \ and that I will not discover, by Description, in Words, or otherwise, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, any Pattern, Design, or Invention^ of any Piece of Silver Plate, brought, or to be brought, to the Office to be assayed, or wittingly or willingly permit the same to be viewed or seen by any Person whomsoever, but the Persons necessiarily employed, or to be employed, in the Affiay Office; and that I will in all Things conform to the Rules laid down for my Conduct in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign King George the Third, (intituled, An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay-masters for assaying Wrought Plate in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham.)

So help mt GOD.

Which Oath any Justice of Peace residing in the County where such Office is established is hereby reauired and impowered to administer to such Wardens.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Personj recover-at any Time hereafer recover Judgement in any Court of Record against any Assay-master of either of ing Judgement the Companies aforesaid, for any Penalty imposed on him by this Act, for Neglect or Fraud in the against an Afoy-Execution of his Office, and such Penalty, together with the Costs adjudged, shall not be paid *nUt, and net within the Time prescribed by that Court, wherein such Judgement shall be obtained; that then,

and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Master of His Majesty's Mint for the ^harethe Time being, and he is hereby authorised and directed to assign over to such Person or Persons so re* Array.master'* covering such Judgement the said Bond or Obligation so directed to be entered into by the said Aflayer Bond assigneA and his Sureties to the Master of His Majesty's Mint, as aforesaid, in order to enable such Person or tohinu Persons to bring One or more Action or Actions thereon against such* Aflayer and his Sureties, or either of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of them, or either of them, for the Recovery of such Penalty so recovered against the Aflayer, together with the Costs adjudged; in which last mentioned Action or Actions it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to prove the Execution of the said Bond, and of the Assignment thereof, and the former Judgement recovered against the Aflayer, in order to intitle such Plaintiff to Judgement and Execution.

XXX. Provided always, nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if *nfny

in any Action to be brought on the same Bond, as last aforesaid, a Verdict should be given for the ^dVcrdia Defendant, or the Plaintiff be nonsuited, that then the Costs of such Verdict or Nonsuit shall be paid be given foriha

by the Assignee of such Bond, and the Master of His Majesty's Mint be wholly exonerated and dif- Defendant,

charged therefrom; any Law, Usage or Statute to the Contrary in anywise notwithstanding. Costifliali be

‘ paid by the Af-

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and Act

taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all judges, Justices,

4nd other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. Lin.

An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal-Green, in the County of Middlesex, to pay Debts already contracted in finishing and furnishing their Workhouse, and.on 1

account of the Poor of the said Parish > and for their further Relief.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland \ and for repealing and amending several of the Laws now in being relative thereto.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Laws already made for the Preservation of Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland are found by Experience to be insufficient for that Purpose, without being altered and amended ;’ may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who shall wilfully take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his or J>er Pof—: Person# taking, session, or use any Muir Fowl or Tarmargan, between the Tenth Day of December and the Twelfth killing, felling/ Day of August in any Year; or any Heath Fowl, between the Tenth Day of December and the or buying Mmc Twentieth Day of August in any Year; or any Partridge, between the First Day of February and the Fowl, &c. be* First Day of September in any Year 5 or any Pheasant, between the First Day of Fcburary and the First Day of October in any Year; shall, for every Bird so taken, killed, destroyed, carried, fold, rhaUfon'eir. bought, found, or used, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling: And in case of not paying for every Bird so the Sum decreed within the Space of Ten Days after Conviction by a final Sentence, shall suffer Im- destroyed 51. prisonment for Two Months for each Five Pounds Sterling thereof.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend to any Pheasant or Partridge Not toeitend to which shall be takeu in the Seasons allowed by this Act, and kept in any Mew or breeding ^en^o^the0’

Seufons allowed, and kept in

III. And breeding Place*,

?88 C. 54.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

every other vOfteace, 40 u

Any Person not III; And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person whatsoever, not qualified to kill qualified to kill Game in Scotland, who shall have in his or her Custody, or carry, at any Time clmc’inhU6 ^Year, upon any Pretence whatsoever, any Hares, Partridges, Pheasants, Muir Fowl, Tar-Cufl^yWwitho«t marSans> Heath Fowl, Snipes, or Quails, without the Leave or Order of a Person qualified to kill Leave of Perfem Game in Scotland, for carrying such Hares or other Game, or for having the same in his or her qualified, to for-Custody, shall, for the First Offences forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling and feu ao *. for the for the Second, and every other subsequent Offence, the Sum of Forty Shillings Sterling: And in case tuft, and for of not paying the Sum decreed within the Space of Ten Days after Conviction by a final Judgement, shall suffer Imprisonment for Six Weeks for the First Offence, and for Three Months for the Second, and every other subsequent Offence.

Penal ties for

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall make Muirburn,

;Fuft and subse- or set fire to any Heath or Muic, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the Eleventh Day quest Offences of rfpril to the First Day of November in any Year, fb?ll forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings Sterling for the First Offence, Five Pounds Sterling for the Second Offence, and Ten Pounds Ster- from April 1? l*ng for the Third and every other subsequent Offence: And in case of not paying the Sum decreed to Nov. i, 9 within the Space of Ten Days after Conviction by a final Judgement, shall suffer Imprisonment for Six Weeks for the First Offence, Two Months for the Second, and Three Months for the Third and every other subsequent Offence.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Tenant, Possessor, or Occupier of the Ground upon which such Muirburn shall be made or discovered within the forbidden ve^ within Ae Time aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to guilty of the Offence, and shall be liable to the Tiow for Wden, several Penalties aforesaid, unless such Tenant, Possessor* or Occupier, shall prove, to the Satisfaction Groundb li^ of the Court before which he or she shall be prosecuted, that such Fire was communicated from some able, unless " *"

shall prove OQtrarjr.

Proprietor* of "VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Proprietor of high wet Lands in and wet Muir Lands, the Heath upon which frequently cannot be burnt so early as the Eleventh Day throwncca- of Aprils may, when such Lands are in his own Occupation, burn the Heath upon the same at any bttr" *me between the Eleventh and Twenty-fifth Day of April in any Year, wkhoitt incurring any of thrjichsTa^th Penalties before mentioned; and when such Lands are let, the Proprietor, or his Commissioner April 5 or Factor, may, by a Writing under his or their Hands, authorise his Tenant or Tenants in such

v mty authorise Lands to burn the Heath thereon, at any Time between the Eleventh and Twenty-fifth Day of Aprils theit Tenants ib in any Year, without incurring any of the Penalties before mentioned.

' If toy Muir* burn be difeft*

jj. ui kiit vuuu uoiuic w1iiv.11 lit ui uic IU4I1 (ut piuikwuiku, tuak tuv.11 x nt kvmiiiiuiiiv.xicv uuin iumc

1 they neighbouring Ground, or was raised upon, his oi her Ground by some other Person not in his or her the Service or Family*

Writings tifing Tenants to Warn Heath, os iforefrid, to be recorded hr the Sheriff Court Books*

»Offencet vnay he enacted into. and determined -by the Joftkss,

As*

Persons convicted to pay the Penalties-within Ten Days, or the 'feme may be i«-fhd by Distrest.

tXfl‘Case the Penalty cannot be recovered by D»-fircfi. Offenders to b: rpsimisted

VII. Provided also, That the Writing authoring such burning, when the Lands are in the Occupation of a Tenant, shall previous to such burning, be recorded in the Sheriff or Stewart Court Books of the County or Stewartry within which the Lands are, and which the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk of such County, or Stewartry is hereby ordered and directed to do, upon receiving Payment of the Fees usually paid for recording Writings.

’VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Offences against this Act (haTl and may be enquired into and determined, either by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession or Oaths of the Parties accused, before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or before the Sheriff, or Stewart-depute, or Substitute, of the County where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender shall be found $ and that all Prosecutions few Offences against this Act shall be carried on, either at the Instance rtf the Fiscal of the Court in which the rrofecution is brought, or of any other Person who will inform or ^complain.

IX. And it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person convicted of any of the Offences against this Act shall not pay the Penalty or Forfeiture decreed against him or her, within the Space of Ten Days from and after a final Judgement of Conviction, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, or Stewart-depute or Substitute, before whom the Information, Complaint, or Ailion may have been brought, upon the Application of the Prosecutor, to grant Warrant for levying the Penalties or Forfeitures, by immediate Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Moveables, together with the Costs and Charges attending the levying thereof, returning the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner; or to grant Warrant for committing the Offender ^to the common Gaol of the County, for the Time specified in this Act, as Satisfaction for the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, or until Payment: And in case a Warrant for levying the Penalty by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Moveables (h 'll be first applied for and obtained, and that the Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be recovered in Consequence thereof, it shall and may he lawful for the Justices of Peace, Sheriff, or Stewart-depute, or Substitute, who granted the Warrant for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Moveables, upon its being certified to him or them by the Officer employed in executing the Warrant, either that he has been able to recover no Part of the Penalty or Forfeiture, or that a certain Part, to be certified by him, still remains unrecovered, to grant Warrant for committing the Offender to the common Gaol of the County foe the Time specified in this Act, as Satisfaction for the Penalty or Forfeiture

incurred.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 54: 789

incurred, or until complete Payment shall be made of the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred and decreed.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That One Moiety of the Penalties or Pena!tic« and Forfeitures, to be incurred for any Offence against this Act, shall, when recovered, be paid to the Pro- Forfeitures how fecutor, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, or to the repairing 10 bc *PPllc<3' of the High Roads within the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, as the Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff or Steward-depute, or Substitute, shall direct, before whom the Offender shall be convicted.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law- Pe'son*thinking ful to or for any Person conceiving himself or herself aggrieved by any Decree of the Justices of the J VmaJVp. Peace, or Sheriff, or Stewart-depute, or Substitute, in such rrofecutions, to complain and seek to the neic Relief by Appeal to the next Circuit Court of Judiciary of the Circuit wherein the County is where court of Justi-the Decree is pronounced; or where there are no Circuit Courts, to the Court of Judiciary at Edin- c»r7iwh*rc burgh, by taking and entering an Appeal in open Court, at the Time of pronouncing such Decree, there a«e no error at any Time thereafter within Ten Days, by lodging the same in the Hands of the Clerk of the ^court of ° Court, and serving the adverse Party with a Duplicate thereof personally, or at his Dwelling-house, ruftiCiary*t or his Procurator or Agent in the (Jause; and such Service shall be sufficient Summons to oblige to Edinburgh, Prosecutor to attend and answer at the next Circuit Court which shall happen to be held, at least Fifteen Days after Service, or at the first Court of Judiciary which shall beheld at Edinburgh^ in the Case where there are no Circuit Courts, at least Fifteen Days after such Service; and thereupon the Judge or Judges at such Circuit Court, or in the Court of Judiciary at Edinburgh, shall and may pro- Sentence of fata ceed to cognofee, hear, and determine: And in case they shall find the Reasons of any such Appeal Court 10befioaJ* not relevant, or not instructed, or shall determine against the Party appealing, the Judge or Judges shall condemn the Appellant in such Costs of Suit as shall appear to be just and reasonable, and the Decree so pronounced shall be final and conclusive to the Parties,

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when an Appeal is taken, Persons appeal-

the Appellant, at the Time of entering his or her Appeal, shall lodge with the Clerk of the Court?*'0

from which the Appeal is taken a Bond, with a sufficient Cautioner, for paying the Sum or Sums con- clerk of Oouct,

tained in the Decree appealed against, so far as affirmed and approved of by the Judgement upon the for paying ihe

Appeal, and for paying the Costs of Suit, if any shall be awarded j and the Clerk of Court shall be Sumtappealed

answerable for the Sufficiency of such Cautioner. against, and for

Costs, See,

XIII. Provided likewise, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Circuit

Court shall, on hearing any such Appeal, find any such Difficulty to arise, that by Means thereof such JJJrcuit °* Circuit Court cannot proceed to the Determination of the same, confidently with Justice and the court, *c. the Nature of the Case; in any such Case, and not otherwise, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Proceedings Circuit Court to certify such Appeal, together with the Reasons of such Difficulty, and the Pro- thereuponimay ccedings thereupon had before such Circuit Court, to the Court of Judiciary at Edinburgh^ which is hereby authoriurd and required to proceed in and determine the same. itEdinbwgh,

and be there fi-BAiJy detetnaoed.

XIV. Provided alway, That no Penalty or Forfeiture in this Act shall be recovered, unless the Limitation of Prosecution for recovering thereof shall be commenced within Six Months after the Offence Actions. committed,

XV. Provided also, That no Person shall be liable tb any of the Penalties or Forfeitures hereby No PersonKtMa enacted, except for such Offence as shall be committed after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One f°,

thousand seven hundred and seventy-three. mlrfterjune h*

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Aa14Oco.II*

prefect Act. an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His late Majesty King George the second, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; |j#

and an Act passed the Third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Prfervation i

if the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland j and for repealing Part of an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of His late Majesty, For the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland 5 and so much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Ma> UL muled* jesty, intituled, An Act to extend an Act> made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First%

intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of

other Felonies; and for the Wool$ and for declaring the

Law, upon some Points, relative to Pirates, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as the Act relates to the more effectual Tran fportat ion of Felons; and for amending and rendering more effectual the Laws for restraining Muirburn in forbidden Time, in that Part of the United Kingdom as limits the Time for making Muirburn $ shall be, and are hereby declared to be repealed.

90 C. 55.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

After 14 June 1773, no Period wilful If to kill, &c. Black

Dec. 10. and Aug. 20. nor Red Game between Dec. lO.^nd Aug 12,

CAP. LV.

An Act to explain and amend the several Laws now in being, so far as the same relate to the Preservation of the Moor or Hill Game.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in being, relative to the Preservation of the Moor or Hill Game.

have been found very inefficient to answer the Purpose for which they were intended: Artd whereas some further Regulations are become absolutely necessary to prevent the total Destruction of ( that Species of Game:’ May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Dw?Vo. and CCn That, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and

Seventy-three, no Person or Persons shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, wilfully take, kill, destroy* carry, fell, buy, or have, in his, her, or their Possession or Use, any Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Gamey between the Tenth Day of December and the Twentieth Day of August, in any Year j nor R any Grouse, commonly called Red Game, between the Tenth Day of December and the Twelfth Day between MarcV of August, in any Year i nor any Bustard, between the First Day of March and the First Day of Sep-1. and Sept. 1. tender, in any Year.

Penalty on Per- 11. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourtlr ions offending Day of Juner if any Person or Persons shall, in any of the Cases aforesaid, offend, contrary to the true contrary to chit Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall, upon due Conviction, for the First Offence,.

forfeit and pay any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds k and for the Second and every subsequent Offence, any Sum or Sums of Mbtiey nqfr-exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds 3 to be levied and recovered in Manifer as herein is alter mentioned. -

Forfeitures and

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Forfeitures and Penalties, so to be incurred as afore-Penalties may b« said9 shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Ma-Cour^of JRecord Courts of Record at Westminster* or Great Sessions in Wales, wherein no Essoin, Protection, nor

at Westminsterj Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed: Provided such Action be brought ’ within Six Calendar Months after the Matter or Thing done, for which the same shall be commenced or exhibited.

Ac4 byw0r*

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person whatsoever, (except ^Muftioes of ttie Person liable to pay any such Forfeitures or Penalties) to proceed to recover any of the aforesaid any County, &c. Forfeitures and Penalties, by Information and Conviction, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace * of any County, City, Corporation, Division, Riding, Precin&, or Liberty, wherein the Offence shall happen; and such Justice or Justices are hereby authorised and impowered, upon due Proof made upon Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party accused, who may grant to cause the said Forfeiture to be forthwith paid; and, in case of Neglect or Refusal, to levy the same h*r<w kLltvy Di ft refs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, together with all Costs and Charges attending the same, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owners and every such Forfeiture, when paid or recovered, shall be applied, One Moiety tathe Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall have been committed; and it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to order such Offender to be detained in fa ft Custody until Return may be conveniently had and made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Party so convf&ed shall give sufficient Security., to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for his Appearance before him or them, on the Day appointed for the Return of the Warrant of Distress, such Day not exceeding Five Days from the Time of taking such Securityj which Security the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to take by way of Recognizance, or otherwise: And in case no sufficient Distress can be had, such justice or Justices shall commit such Offender to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Six, nor less than Three, Calendar Months, unless the Money forfeited, and all Coffo and Charges attending the Prosecution, shall be sooner paid and discharged-.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Offender against the Provisions of this Act shall be prosecuted for the same Offence both by Action of Law and by Information before a Justice of the Peace 3 but, in case of any Second Prosecution, the Person so douoly prosecuted may plead, in his Defence, the former Prosecution pending, or the Conviction or Judgement thereupon had.

VI. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That the Form of the Conviction mail be drawn up in the following, or like Form of Words;

the fame fry IhArei*.

No Person to be doubly prosecuted.

Form of Conviction.

J^E it remembered, That on the Day of

A.B. having appeared before me, or us,

in the Year of our Lord One or more of his Ala} fly's Justices of the Peace (as the Case may be) for the County of and due Proof having been madey upon

Outb, by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by Confcjfim of the Party (as the Case may be)* is convicted of (specifying the Offence, with the Time and Place where the same was committed, and also specitying, if known, that it is the First, Second, 01 any subsequent Offence against this Act, as-the Case shall be). Given wider my Hand and Seal, or our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year of&vefaiS.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 55. 791

Which Conviction the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be wrote fairly upon Parchment, and returned to the next General Quarter Session of the Peace for the County where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and remain and be kept among the Records of the County,

Riding, Division, or Place.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Clerk of the Peace for any County, Riding, or Place, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him coniriAion to by any Person or Persons for that Purpose, to cause a Copy or Copied of any Conviction or Convic- t* delivered <m tions, filed by him under the Directions of this Act, to be forthwith delivered to such Person or Per- Payment of i*. Tons, upon Payment of One Shilling for every such Copy.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice or Justices of justicet may ad-the Peace, as aforesaid, to administer an Oath to any Witness or Witnesses, or other Person or Persons, nunifteraii for the better Discovery and Execution of the several Matters and Things herein-before directed to be °atk* examined into, or performed by such Justice or Justices respectively.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be proceeded against for any NoPcrfento of the Offences aforesaid, by Information before a Justice of the Peace, unless such Information shall be made upon Oath before some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Offence "

shall be committed, within Three Calendar Months after such Offence shall have been committed. information is

nude.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall think himself or persons* KrieV-herself aggrieved, by any Thine done in pursuance of this Act, by any Justice or Justices of the h may appeal Peace, as aforesaid, every such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General to the Quarter-Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, City, Corporation, Precinct, session*;

or Liberty, wherein the Cause of such Complaint shall ariie, and within Four Calendar Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant giving, or causing to be given. Fourteen Days Notice at the least, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Justice; and every other Person or Persons, against whom such Complaint shall be made, and within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before Tome Justice of the Peace for the said County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, rrecinft, or Liberty, with One sufficient Surety, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter-sessions; and every such Justice, and other Person, having received Notice of such Appeal, shall return all Proceedings had before them, touching the Matter of such Appeal, to the said Justices, at such Quarter-sessions, on Pain of forfeiting hive Pounds for every such Neglect; and the said Justices, upon due Proof of the Notice eiven, whose Deter-and of the entering into such Recognizance, as aforesaid, shall hear, and finally determine, the causes minationfluil and Matters of such Appeal, in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or ap- bc pealed against, as they shall think proper; to be levied and recovered as herein-before directed for the Recovery of Forfeitures and Penalties under this Act, and the Determination of such Quarter-sessions shall be final and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, except as herein-before mentioned, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that Part of Great Not to extend

Britain called Scotland. to Scotland.

XI). And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or limitation of prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing which shall be done in purfance of this Act, Action*, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, every such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and shall be laid or brought in the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where the Matter shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action, Suit, or Information, shall and may, at his or their Election, plead Specially, or the General Issue, and General Wue. give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence; And if a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Cofl», Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act passed in the Second partaf Act Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that \ Geo. uii Part of Great Britain called England, as relates to Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game> or repealed. Groule, commonly called Red Game, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

5 I 2

CAP.

79* C. 56

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for the more effectualljr restraining the retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors; and for prerenting the forging or counterfeiting any Stamp or Seal used for marking Silks, Callicoes, Linens and Stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain,

RkmoU*.

After July 1773, if »ny Person shall retail Spiritu-oat Liquor*, Strong Waters, &c. without a Licence, they shall forfeit, forefery Offence, 501.

If the Offender shall be once prosecuted for the Penalty, he shall not be

WHEREAS the Laws heretofore made to prevent the immoderate drinking of Spirituous Liquors, have, by reason of the Smallness of the Penalties by those Acts imposed, been rendered in a great Measure ineffectual, and ill-disposed Persons are thereby encouraged to retail such Liquors, without being first authorised and licensed thereto, whereby His Majesty is not only de-( frauded of His Duties, but Victuallers and others, who duly takeout and pay for such Licences, are greatly injured:’ For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and witly the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if at any Time from and after the Fifth Day of JulV, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, any Person or Persons shall presume by him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Benefit, to retail any distilled Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, in Manner as by the several Statutes in that Case made and provided, and now in Force is prescribed and directed, he, she, or they, so offending, shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each Offence.

II. Provided always, That such Offender who shall be prosecuted for the Penalty by this Act given, shall not be again prosecuted for the same Offence by any former Act, and that such Offender as shall be prosecuted for the Penalty given by any former Act, shall not be prosecuted again for the same Offence, by virtue of this present Act, or any Thing herein contained.

again prosecuted fop ’he fame Offence.

Penalties to be

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalty by this Act imposed, sued, prosecuted, shall and may be sued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated, by any Law of Excite now in Force, or and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at West-Exc^novTin mft*r\ and that One Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Hcirf

force; ami Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, as shall sue for the same*

One Moiety to go to his Majesty, and the other to the Person who shall foe for the (amt.

The Penahy of

IV. Provided always, That the said Penalty of Fifty Pounds, by this Act imposed, shall not in any

mrtVateV^iow ci*her by the Commissioners of Excite or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Offender

-1, against this present Act shall be convicted, be mitigated or reduced below the Sum of Five Pounds.

Aa 10 Ann*. And whereas by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,

(intituled, An At1 for laying several Duties upon all Sope and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same j and upon chequered and striped Linens imported j and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or Jlained *, and upon several Kinds of Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper \ and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Advertiscounts, for raising the Sum of One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty's Suppy \ and/or licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing Her Majesty's Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties by Licencts for Marriages and otherwise 5 and for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottety Tickets in due Time, or have lojl Exchequer Bills, or Lottery Tic Let 1, and for borrowing Money upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company) for the life of the Publick 5) it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, of what Kind soever, which at any Time or Times within or during the Term of Thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the Twentieth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and twelve, should be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, (such Callicoes, Linens, and Fustians, as should be dyed throughout of one Colour only, and Stuffs made of Woollen, or whereof the created Part in Value should be Woollen, always excepted), the several and respectAO 3 Geo. I. tive Rates and Duties therein expressed: And whereas, by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, (intituled, An Act for redeeming the Duties and Revenues, which were settled to pay off Principal and Inttrejl on the Orders made forth on Four Lottery Alls, passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her late Majesty's Reign; and for redeeming certain Annuities payable on Orders out of the Hereditary Excise, according to a former Alt in that Behalf; and for establishing a general yearly Fund, not only for the future Payment of Annuities at several Rates, to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament, but also to raise Monies for such Proprietors of the said Orders as shall chuse to be paid their Principal and Arrears of Inter eft in ready Money; and for making good such other Deficiencies and Payments as in this Act are mentioned \ and for taking off the Duties on Linfted imported, and firitish Linen exported); the said several Rates and Duties, and the Powers, Authorities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for securing the same, are made perpetual; And whereas by an Act of

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 55. 793

Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Aline, (intituled An aAiiAbos.

At7 for laying additional Duties on Sope and Paper, and upon certain Linens* Stlksy Callicoes,; and

upon Starch and exported Coals \ and upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, Paper, for railing One million jour hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery y for Her Majesty's Supply and for Allowances on exporting made Wares of Leathery obeeprjkinsy and Lamb-skins \ and for Distribution of Four thousand Pounds due to the Officers and Seamen for Gun Money$ and to daitift the Property of Tickets in former Lotteries; and touching certain Shares of Stock in the Capital of the South Sea Company; and for appropriating the Monies

ato her Majesty)\ it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That there should be raised, levied, col-, and paid, to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Silks,

Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, of what Kind soever, which at any Time or Times within or during the Term of Thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the Second Day of Augustj. One thousand seven hundred and fourteen, should be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain (such Callicoes,

Linens, and Fustians, as shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only, and Stuffs made of Woollen,

or whereof the greatest Part in Value shall be Woollen, always excepted), the several and respective

Rates and Duties therein expressed: And whereas, by an Act of Parliament made in the Sixth Year of act 6 Geo. L

the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First, (intituled, An Act for enabling the South Sea

Company to increase their present Capital Stock and FundL by redeeming such publick Debts and Incumbrances

cs art therein mentioned; and for raising Money to be applied for lessentng several of the publick Debts and In- '

cumbrances; and for calling in the present Exchequer Bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new

Bills in lieu thereof \ to be circulated and exchanged^ upon Demand^ at or near the Exchequer); the said several

Rates and Duties, and the Powers, Authorities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for securing the same, are

made perpetual: And whereas, for the better securing the said Rates and Duties, it was by the said Act of the Tenth of Queen Anne enacted, That the Commissioners to be appointed for managing the said

Duties should, at a Time therein mentioned, provide proper Seals or Stamps for marking such of the said Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain,

during the Continuance of the said Act; which said Stamps, or any of them, should or might be

altered or renewed from Time to Time, as Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, should think fit:

And it was thereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever should, at any Time or Times thereafter, counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Seal, to resemble any Stamp or Seal which should be provided or made in pursuance of that Act, or should counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any of the said Commodities chargeable by that Act, thereby to defraud Her Majesty, Her Heirs or SttcceiTors, of any of the Duties thereby granted; then every such Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, should be adjudged a Felon, and should suffer Death as m Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy: And whereas iome Doubts have arisen. whether Persons counterfeiting or forging any Stamp or Seal, to resemble any Stamp or Seal renewed or altered by the Commissioners of Excise, in pursuance of the Authority of the said Act of the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne. or counterfeiting or resembling the Impression of such renewed or altered Sump or Seal, are subject to the Penalties and Pains of Death in the said Acts enacted and declared; and evil-minded Persons have thereby been encouraged to counterfeit such renewed and altered Stamps and Seals: Now, for obviating all such Doubts, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Fifth Day of July. After July 5,

One thousand seven hundred and seventy three, if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, at any >773*

Time or Times hereafter, counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Seal already provided by the said Commissioners, or which shall hereafter be by them provided, renewed, or altered, or shall counterfeit or m

fcmble the Impression of the same, upon any of the said Commodities chargeable by the said Acts, Felon^without thereby to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties thereby granted; Bewfitof then every such Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Clergy. Felon, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit hereafter to be issued in any of ffis Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal Tender in Payments of Money y and to prevent the legal Tender of such Bills as art now fub/ijiing from being prolonged fey oni the Periods limited for calling in and sinking the same.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intituled. Preamble An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be issued in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal Tender in Payments of Money. and to prevent the legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and sinking the same). it is enacted, That from and after the First Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, no Ad, Order, Resolution, or Vote of Assembly, in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, shall be made for creating or issuing any Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit, of any Kind or Denomination whatsoever, declaring such Paper Bills or Bills of Credit to be legal Tender in Payments of any Bargains, Contracts, Debts, Dues, or Demands whatsoever;

and that every Clause and Provision which should thereafter be inserted in any Ad, Order, Resolution,

ob

794

After Sept it I77J, Certificate!, Notci, Bills, 4cc« which may be accrpted by Creditors of the PobliikinAme* rica as a Security, may be it enacted to be a legal Tender.

Not to extend to alter Act *4 Geo.

r*?injbic.

justice* to a {certain how mwy Clergymen are to be employed in Gaols, and what Salary shall be piid them*

Treasuren of Counties to piy the Sums out the Rates.

Justices to nominate lergy-jnen for the above Purposes; and, in case of D?ath, &c. to nomuifte other;.

C. 57. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 177^.

or Vote of Assembly, contrary to the said A &, shall be null and void: And whereas the Want of Gold and Silver Currency in several of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America may make it necessary, as well for the publick Advantage as in Justice to those Persons who may have Demands upon the publick Treasuries in the said Colonies for Services performed, that such publick Creditor*

should be fecuied in the Payment of their just Debts and Demands, by Certificates, Notes, Bills, or Debentures, to be created and issued by the Authority of the General Assemblies within the said Co- ionics, on the Securities of any Taxes or Duties given and granted to his Majesty by the said General Assemblies, for and towards defraying Expences incurred for publick Services 5 and that such Certificates, Notes, Bills, or Debentures, should be made Charegable on the publick Treasurers of the said Colonies, and received and taken by them as a legal Tender in Discharge of any such Duties or Taxes, or of any Debts whatsoever, due to the publick Treasuries of the said Colonies, in virtue of Laws passed in the said Colonies: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether* under the said re- cited Statute, such Provision as aforesaid can lawfully be made;’ may it therefore pljeafe your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and it fenacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of Septem* ber% One thousand seven hundred and seventy*three, any Certificates, Notes, Bills, or Debentures, which shall or may be voluntarily accepted by the Creditors of the Publick within any of the Colonies in America, as a Security for the Payment of what is due and owing to the said publick Creditors, may be made and enacted by the several, General Assemblies of the said Colonies respectively to be a legal Tender to the publick Treasurers in the said Colonies, for the Discharge of any Duties, Taxes, or other Debts whatsoever, due to, and payable at, or in the said publick Treasuries of the said Colonies, in virtue of Laws passed within the same, and in no other Case whatsoever; any Thing in the aforesaid recited Statute in the Fourth Year, of his present Majesty to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding

‘II. Provided always, That nothin? -in this Act shall extend to alter or repeal an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act fa regulate and refrain Paper Bills of Credit in His Majestys Colonies or Plantations of R bode Hland and Providence Plantations, Connecticut, The Massachusets Bay, and New Hatnpihirc, in America, and fa prevent the same being legal Tender5 inpayments of Money)*

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for providing Clergymen to officiate in Gaols within that Part of Great Britain called England.

« TT WHEREAS there is no Provision made by Law for the Appointment of proper Ministers to’

officiate in the several County Gaols within that Part of Great Britain called Eng la W, and the Principality of Wales: And whereas the Appointment of Ministers to such Gaols, with a proper Salary, for the due Execution of their Duty as Clergymen, would alleviate the Distress of the Persons under Confinement, and would greatly contribute to the Purposes of Morality and Rcli-4 ^ion ;* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them assembled at the Quarter Sessions held for any County, Riding, or Division, within that Part -of Great Britain called England, and the Principality of Tl'ales, and they a.c hereby authorised and impowered to settle and ascertain how many Clergymen shall, by them, be deemed necessary to be employed in performing religious Duties, according to the Rites of the Church of England^ in the several Gaols within their respective Jurisdictions, and to settle and ascertain what Duty shall be performed, and what Salary shall be paid to every such Clergyman, not exceeding Fifty Pounds, yearly, and every Year.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurers of such Counties, Ridings, or Divisions, receiving a.Certificate, signed by the Chairman of such Quarter Sessions, of the Number of such Clergymen, and the Salary to be respectively paid to them, shall pay out of the Rates of such County, Riding, or Division, the several Sums in the said Certificate mentioned; and the said several Sums so paid in pursuance of this Act, shall be allowed <0 the said Treasurers by the Justices before vyhom their Accounts shall be patted.

III. And be it further enacted, That when thefaumber of such Clergymen, and the Salary to be respectively paid to them, shall have been settled and ascertained by such Justices, it shall and maybe lawful to and for Justices of the Peace, at the Quarter Sessions, and they are hereby authorised and iqipowered, to nominate and appoint, in every County, Riding, or Division, where the Justices shall have so settled and ascertained the Number of the Clergymen, and the Salary to be paid to them, as before.mentioned, so many Clergmen to officiate and perform Divine Service, according to the Rites of the Church of England, in the several Gaols within such County, Riding, or Division, as shall have been so settled and ascertained by such justices; and in case any such Clergyman or Clergymen shall die, or shall be thought unworthy, by such Justices, at the Quarter Seffiorr#; to be continued In such Office, then it shall und may be lawful for such Justices, at the Quarter Sessions, to nominate and appoint^ from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, any other Clergy man to officiate in the

Room

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 59. 795

Room of such Clergyman so dying, or so deemed to be unworthy to continue any longer in such Office.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirty-first of His late Majesty, as inflicts Capital Punishment for Frauds and Abuses in the marking or (tamping of Gold and and Silver Plate; and for inflicting another Punishment for the said Offence,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for repealing the Duty AO 31 Geo. Bv 4 granted by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, on Silver Platey made, wrought* c touched\ assayedy or marked, in Great Britain; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all

Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate; and for discontinuing all Drawbacks upon Silver Plate exported \

and for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the marking or stamping of Gold or Silver Plate) y ‘ it is enacted, That if any Person whatsoever shall cast, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or orocure to be cast, forged, or counterfeited, any Mark or Stamp uled, or to be used for marking Gold or Silver Plate by the Company of Goldsmiths in London, or by the Wardens, or Aflayer or Aflayers,

at York, Exeter, Bristol\ Chester, Norwich, or Newcastle upon Tyne, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any Mark, Stamp, or Impression, in Imitation of, or to resemble any Marie,

Stamp, or Impression, made, or to be made, with any such Stamp used as aforesaid; or shall marie or (lamp, or cause or procure to be marked or damped, any Wrought Plate of Gold or Silver, or any Wares of Brass or other base Metal, silvered or gilt over, and resembling Plate of Gold or Sil-

ver, with any Mark or Stamp which hath been, or shall be forged or counterfeited; or shall trans- pose or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed or removed, from one Piece of Wrought Plate to another, or to any Vessel of such base Metal as aforesaid, any such Mark, Stamp, or Impression;

or shall fell, exchange, or expose to Sale, or export out of this Kingdom, any Wrought Plate of Gold 4* or Silver, or any Vessel of such base Metal, with any such counterfeit Mark, Stamp, or Im- pression thereon, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or transposed $ or shall wilfully r or knowingly have or be possessed of any such forged Mark ox Stamp; every speh Person, being lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon Without Benefit of Clergy j* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That the said Clause shall, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day A Clause theft!* of September next, be, and the same is hereby declared to be, repealed. repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever, from and Perfoascounter-after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September next, shall cad, forge, or counterfeit* or cause or pro- feiting of MaTkt cure to be cad, forged, or counterfeited, any Mark or Stamp used, or to be used for the marking or or Stamp* used damping Gold or Silver Plate, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force by the b?r\ Company of Goldsmiths in London, or by the Wardens, or Aflayer or Aflayers, at York, Exeter, Briflaly Londoot&c. Chester^ Norwich, or Newcastle upon Tyne% or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them; or shall cad, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be cad, forged, or counterfeited, any Mark, Stamp, or Impression, in Imitation of, or to resemble any Mark, Stamp, or Impression made, or to be made, with any Mark or Stamp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London, or by the said Wardens, or Aflayer or Aflayers, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them j, or (hc.ll mark or damp, or cause or procure to be marked or damped, any Wrought Plate of Gold or Silver, or any Wares of Brafe or other base Metal silvered or gilt over, and resembling Plate of Gold or Silver, with any Mark or Stamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited at any Time, either before, on, or after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September next, in Imitation of, or to resemble any Mark or Stamp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, Dy the said Company of Goldsmiths in London, or by the fold Wardens, or Allayer or Aflayers, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them; or shall transpose or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed or removed, from one or transpofinf Piece of Wrought Plate* to another, or to any Vessel of such base Metal as aforesaid, any Mark, Stamp*trom one Stamp, or Impression, made or to be made, by or with any Mark or Stamp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London, or by the said Wardens, or Aflayer or such l0 s»ie Aflayers, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them; or shall fell, exchange, or expose to Sale, or export out of this Kingdom, any Wrought Plate of Gold or Silver, or any Vessel of such base Metal, as aforesaid, with any such forged or counterfeit Mark, Stamp, or Impression thereon, or any Mark, Stamp, or Impression which hath been, or shall be transposed or removed from any other Piece of Plate, at any Time either before, on, or after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September next, knowing such Mark, Stamp, or Impression to be forged, or counterfeited, or transpofedor removed as aforesaid; or shall wilfully or knowingly have or be possessed of any Mark or Stamp which hath been, or shall be forged or counterfeited at any Time, either before, on, or after, the said Twenty-ninth Day of September next, in Imitation of, or to resemble any Mark or Stamp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London, or by the said War-

dens,

79^ C. 60. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

a!o*bCon"f- °'ens> or Aflayeror A flayers, orby any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of Ported to Ame- them 5 every Person offending in any, each or either of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof law- ca for x+Yctvu fully coitvidled, shall, by Order of the Court before whom such Offender shall be convicted, be trans-norttd to some of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, for the Term of Fourteen Years.

CAP. LX.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishea of Tid. Saint Giles and Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge j and in ‘Tid Saint Mary’s, in the County of Lincoln.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the several Lands and Grounds lying in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles and Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Miry s Fen, in the County of Lincoln, containing Five thousand three hundred Acres, or thereabouts, and abutted and bounded as follows; that is to say. By Shire Drain Bank and Eaudike, on the North and West; Lands

in the Parish of Levering ton, and Lands of Lord Web Symour, lying in Tid Saint Mary's aforesaid,

South; and by a certain Bank called The Roman, or Old Sea Bank, East; are much annoyed with

Waters for want of a proper Drainage 5 and if the same were effectually drained, ereat Benefit would accrue, as well to the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, as to the Publick 5 but x there are no Powers or Provisions now in Force, by virtue of or under any Commission of Sewers,

or Law in being, for the effecting of the same; and the said Lands and Grounds cannot be drained without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

- Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

itomminigners an(j Authority of the same, That’Sir Clement Trafford Knight, Robert Colvile Esquire, Richard Colvile Esquire, Charles Bagge Doctor in Divinity. Everard Buckworth Doctor of Laws, Marmaduke Dayrell Esquire, Richard Iveby Esquire, William Irelby Esquire, Thomas Jenkinson Woodward Efauire, Charles Weston Esquire, Daniel Swaine Esquire, William Greaves Clerk, John Lumpkin Clerk, Eawati Cross, George Hepburn, Jacob Dixon, Nicholas Lumpkin, George Fitzwilliam Hodgson, George Burgee, John Pitchford, Thomas Sharpe, John Oldham, John Morris, Edward Jackson, Thomas Hankmfon, John Harber, John Ream, William Coe, Jacob Scribo, William Kirton, and Edward Dickenson; (half be, and they and their Successors^ to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, floilfficttlon of

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the Commiifonexi. said Persons shall be capable of acting as Commissioners under this Act, but for such Time only as they shall respectively be the Owners of Twenty Acres at the least of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained; and upon any One of the said Persons being or becoming unqualified as aforesaid, another Person duly qualified shall be elected in his Room, in Manner herein after preferred for electing Commissioners, and shall have the same Powers for executing this Act as any other Commissioner has.

Time and Place

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall

of Commission- mcct Once at lead in every Year; to wit. On the Second Tuesday in Abril, at The Rose and xn MeetiDfr Crown Inn, in Wisbech Saint Peter's, in the said IJU of Ely, and County of Cambridge, or at such other Time or Times, Place or Places, as they shall see Cause, or think convenient; and shall and may, from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings, adjourn themselves to such other Time or Times, Place or Places, as they shall think proper; and that Three of the said Commissioners, and tu> less a Number, shall be deemed, at all Times, to make and constitute a Meeting within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, for doing the Business, and carrying the Purposes thereof into Execution, (except only as it is in some Cases herein after enacted, and that the First Meeting to be held in purfcance of this Act, shall be at the Rose and Crown Inn in Wisbech Saint Peter's aforesaid, on the Tuesday Three Weeks next after the Day of the passing thereof; and that Ten Days Notice of every other Meeting, in every Year, shall be given under the Hand of Two or mote of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, and affixed in some publick Place in Wisbech Saint Peter's aforesaid, and on the Church Doors of Newton Tid Saint Giles, and Tid Saint Man’s.

What Sow! dull

IV. Provided always, That no greater or larger Sum of Money than Three Pounds in the Whole, be allowed at at any One of the said General Meetings, or more than Two Pounds in the Whole at any of the said Meeting*, an* other Meetings, shall ever be paid and allowed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, for the Charges or Expences of the said Commissioners; and that all Orders and Determinations of be at pobikk Commissioners in the Execution of this Act shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance

Mettzs only, thereof, by a Majority of the Commissioners present at such Meetings; and that no such Order or De-

termination of the said Commissioners shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Five Commissioners at lead shall be present, and concur in the revoking or altering thereof, (except

such Orders and Determinations as shall be made at any of the said Meetings, touching the opening

and (hutting down of any of the Tunnels and Sluices already set down, or to be set down, and made use of in the Execution of this Act, which shall and may be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting of the said Commissioners*

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 60; 707

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often a? any of the commissioner* said Commissioners shall happen to die, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or other ho* to be Commissioners, at any of their Meetings, to cleft and appoint One or more Person or Persons in the

Place and Stead of such other Commissioner or Commissioners as shall be then dead, out of the Owners of Twenty Acres of the said Lands and Grounds; and that no Person so elected shall be equals ned to act as a Commissioner under this Act for any other or longer Time than he shall continue such Owner of the said Lands and Grounds; and that upon his ceasing to be Owner as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, at their next, or some other Meeting, shall and may elect and appoint another Person qualified as aforesaid, in the Place and Stead of each such disqualified Commissioner, in like Manner as if such disqualified Commissioner was actually dead; and all such new-elected Commissioners shall be veiled with the same Powers and Authorities as the Commissioners in whose Names and Steads they were respectively appointed were veiled with, until their Deaths, or becoming disqualified as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every of the said Commis- commissioner*

Honors, hereby named and appointed, or to be named appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and may, havepowerto from Time ro Time, by any Writing under his Hand, to be certified at the next Meeting after the appointDcputies,

signing thereof, nominate and appoint One other Person to vote and aft as a Commissioner in his Place

and Stead at such next Meeting only; and that such Person so nominated and appointed, shall, at such Meeting, he, and is hereby veiled with the same Powers and Authorities as the Commissioner so appointing him was veiled with by virtue of this Act; and that all and every such Order and Orders as shall be made by such Person, or in which he shall concur at such Meeting, shall be as valid and binding, as if the same were made by the said Commissioner 5 any Thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof in any-wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons not being qualified pen, ityon

as aforesaid, (other than and except such Person or Persons as shall or may be appointed, by virtue of ing if not quali-

the Power aforesaid, to vote and aft at any of the said Meetings for the said Commissioners, or any tied,

of them), shall presume to act. as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, or he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by any Person or Persons who shall inform or fuc for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection,

Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more thin One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and in which Action or Suit it shall be only necessary for the Plaintiff or Informer to prove that the Defendant acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, and a Verdict shall be found against the Defendant, unless Tie shall prove in his Defence, that he was, at the Time of his so acting, qualified according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Commissionerf and for the said Commissioners, trf hnake, or cause to be made, raised, cut, built, and let up. Powers, within the Lands and Grounds so described and abutted as aforesaid, and also within the Lands and Grounds lying between the East Boundary thereof, and the New Sea or River Bank, from West

JValton Tunnel on the South, to any Place or Places within the Distance of One hundred Feet of the the South Bank of the Reservoir on the North, all such Banks, Bridges, Cuts, Drains, Dams,

Headings,' Outlets, Mills,1 Engines, Sluices, or other Works, as they shall think necessary for the better draining of the said Lands and Grounds, so described and abutted as aforesaid; and that the Lid Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority over all and singular the Works so to be made, and over all and Angular the Banks, Bridges, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Headings, Outlets, Mills, Engines,

Sluices, or other Works of draining, already made or set up within the Limits of the Lands a d Grounds, so described and abutted as aforesaid, and over a certain Drain called Buckworth's Drain, and the Banks, Sluices, and other Works thereto belonging, and to widen, deepen, alter, repair, rebuild, and enlarge the same, for the better draining of the said Lands and Grounds so described and abutted as aforesaid; and that it also shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to make any Sluice or Sluices in of through any Part of the said New Sea or River Bank, between West Walton Tunnel on the South, and to within Seventy Feet Northward from the Plac£ where Buckworth's Sluice now (lands on the North, and also to make any Cut or Cuts, Sluice or Sluices, in or through the Portland or Salt Marfties lying on the East or North-east of the Lid New Sect or River Ba?iky as the said Commissioners shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, think necessary and Convenient, for the better conveying the Waters from the Lands and Grounds so intended to be drained, into the Waters of Wijlcch River, as the same shall then run: Provided that such Cut or Cuts shall not be made more than Seventy Feet Northward of the said Place where Buck-north's Sluice now Hands; and that they the said Commissioners shall have full Power, and are hereby authorised, from Time to Time, and at all Times, at their Wills and Pleasures, to dig up and take Earth from the said Lands and Grounds, bounded and intended to be drained as aforesaid, or from the said Lands and Grounds Wades, Roads, or Ways, lying between the East Bound try thereof and the New Sea or River'Bank on the North Side of West Walton Tunnel, so as such Earth be not taken within the Distance ef One hundred Feet of the So jth Bank of the Reservoir, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, except only for the Purposes of rebuilding, widening, altering, and tnlarging of Buck-north's Sluice and Drain, as aforesaid paying to such Person or Persons, Body Corporate or £0 lies Corporate, as shall or may have a Right to the Lands and Grounds, or any of the m, from which any Earth Hull be dug^up or taken, or through or upon which any such Bank, Bridge, Cut, Drain, Dam, Outler,

798 C. 6q.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Exemptions from taking Earth.

Mill, Engine, Sluice, or other Work, shall be made or set up, such Satisfaction for the Damage* which he, she, or they, shall thereby sustain, as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners and the Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate, having such Right as aforesaid; and if such Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate, having such Right, aforesaid, cannot agree upon the Value and Amount of the said Damages, jhen paying such S axis fa£) ion as shall be afllfieJ by the Justice of the Peace for the Isle or County where such Damages shall be done, or the major Part of them, not interested, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to be ho!den for the said Isle or Counties, within Twelve Months next after such Damages shall be done; and such Justices are hereby authorised and required respectively to examine into, hear, and determine the Value and Amount of such Damages, upon the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, and their Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Parties: Provided that if before any such Application to the said Justices respectively, the Satisfaction agreed to be paid by the said Commissioners to such Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate, as shall or may have a Right to the said Lands or Grounds out of which such Earth shall be so dug up and taken, or in, through or upon which any such Work shall be made or let up as aforesaid, shall be by the said Justices adjudged a sufficient Recompence for the Damages which such Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate, shall or may sustain thereby; then, and in such Case, the Costs and Charges of such Application to the said Justices respectively shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate, making such Application; such Costs and Charges to be ascertained and taxed by the said Justices to whom such Application shall be made.

IX. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or he construed to extend, to give any Power or Authority to the said Commissioners to dig up, or take any Earth from the Banks of Shire Drain, lying between Clow's Cross and Hill's Sluice, or within the Distance of Three hundred Feet from the same, in the Parish of Tid Saint Marys, or One hundred and fifty Feet in the Parish of TidSaint Giles, or from the Banks of the Reservoir, between Hill's Sluice and New Gunthorpe Sluice, or within the Distance of One hundred Feet From the same, (except as before excepted); or to make, raise, cut, build, or set up, any Bridge, Cut, Drain, Dam, Mill, Engine, or Sluice, upon the said Banks,.or any of them, or within the respective Distances aforesaid from the same, (except as aforesaid), or to make or raise any other Works near to the same, that may in any wise weaken or hurt the said Banks, or any Part thereof; or to make, or cause to be made, any Works or Work whatsoever, which may in anywise prevent, hinder, or obstruct, the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, or the Commissioners appointed or clewed, or to be hereafter appointed or elected, for the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, from making any Work or Works that they shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, judge necessary for conveying the Waters of the said Great Level, or any Waters that do, shall, or may annoy the said Great Level, or any Part thereof, by convenient Outfalls to the Sea; or to make or cause to l?e made, any other Works which may in any Manner obstruct, hinder, or prejudice the draining of the said Great Level of the Fc?ns, called Bedford Levels or any Part thereof, or any of the Works made, or to be made, for that Purpose.

Commissioners

X. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to give any T?, M«;i!-urethC P°wcr or Authority to the said Commissioners to take down or lessen the Turnpike House or Houses, now (landing, or which at any Time may be set up or (landing, upon or near to the Road leading from Wisbech to TidGote, or in anywise to hurt or damage the same, without making good such Damage, or to take any Earth from the said Road, or to make any Cut, or set down any Bridge or Tunnel therein, or to widen or in anywise alter any Bridge^, Tunnels,) or.Cuts, in the said Road, without making, maintaining, and keeping up the Breaches occasioned thereby, and leaving the said Road in a good Condition, and of sufficient Breadth for Horses, Carts, and Carriages, pr to make or widen any Cut or Cuts, in or through the Bank of Wisbech River, without making good, supporting, and maintaining such Part or Parts of the said Bank, where the said Cut or Cpts shall be so made and widened.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall have

full Power, and are hereby authorised, to destroy all such Moles, and other Vermin, as shall be found in and about the Lands and Grounds intended to be drained by virtue of this Act, or in and about the Lands and Banks adjoinining or lying near thereto, and for that Purpose to employ such Person or Persons, at such Wages as they shall think proper; and that they^and such Person or Persons as they shall so employ, shall, and lawfully may, enter into or upon the said Lands and Banks, or.any of them, for that Purpose. ' - 1

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, at their said General Meeting in every Year, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to appoint One or more Officer or Officers, for the Purpose of opening and (hutting down the Tunnels and Sluices already set down, or to be fer down, and j made use, of in the Execution of this Act; and that no such Tunnel or Tunnels, Sluice or Sluices, shall at any Time or 7 in.es be opened or (hut down but by the said Officer or Officers, or by his or their. Direction; and that Tit shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at thje laid General or any other Meeting, to make such Order or Orders touching the opening or ftiutting down of the said Tunnels and Sluices, as they shall think proper: And taat the said Officer or Officers, and all and every other Person and Persons who shall open and shut down the said Tunnels and Sluices, or any of them, contrary to such Order or Orders of the said Commissioners, being ^hereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of

Turnpike

Houses.

Mole* may be aistroyed.

Commissioners to appoint Officers to o^en and (hut Sluices.

Penalty of 1© I. on Officers ^pen-in* cr (hutting Sluices contrary to Orders.

A.D. 1773.

A n no :ded racy Ccr tio^G £ dR o 1 r' 111.

C. 60.

of the Peace for the Ifltf of'C6tinty;'\vhere the Paid Offence shall be committed, who are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the same on the Oath of One or more Witness or Wiincfles, or Conkllion of the Party or Parttes'so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Taid Commissioners for the Purpbfts for which ihc Paid Afldfments, Rates* and Faxes, are hereby directed to be applied, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods,

Chattel*, and Cattle, of ail ffnd^Very such Offender'^or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the ftlid justices before’ vrhorri PuCh GdnVi&ibn shall be made; and in Default of such Distress or Payment, the Person or Persons fb blinding* shall be by the said‘ Justices committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour, fof such Time as the1 laid Justices shall respectively orcler and direeft, not exceeding Three Calendar Mdriths, at the Discretion of the said Justices, by whom such Commitment fh^R b<Mnade. r

Xi II. Provided, That when and so often as the Waters in the old deserted Drain, formerly belonging to Regulation# for the Land Owners in Lcverington and Lcverington Parfcn Drove, and now intended to be scoured out the old Drain* ard made use of by the Commissioners under this Act, shall run less than Eighteen Inches from the Top of the lowtft Part of the Banks of (he* Paid Dram, then and so often the Tunnels and Sluices ft t ’down- in Black Diks, for the conveying of the Waters from the Lands on the Welt Side of Black Dikey through the same, into the said Drain, shall be (hut down by the said Officer or Officers, to be appointed as aforesaid, for the opening and fheitting down of the Tunnels and Sluices made, or to be made, and used under and in the Execution of this Act, and shall continue to shut down until the said Waters in the said Drain shall have fubfiJed, and shall run within Eighteen Inches of the Top of the lowest Part of the Banks of the said Drain.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby Commissioner* impowered to make such Orders,: and give such DirevStions, for the said several Works of draining to make Order* herein-before mentioned, and also for the Management of the same, and Maintenance thereof, as they fofT th* Naming shall think fit; and shall and may appoint One or more Clerk or Clerks, Receiver or Receivers, Col- ®nda oint Of-le&or or Collectors, and such other Officers, with reasonable Salaries, for the making and taking Care ficersPwho art of such Works, and for the collecting of the Rates and Assessments which shall be made and aiTelied for

to account.

the making and maintaining thereof, or for any other of the Purposes of this Act, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper; and may, from Time to Time, remove any such Collectors,

Clerks, Receivers, or other Officers, and appoint others in the‘Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or fh;.ll die 5 and that every Collector and Receiver, so 'to be appointed as aforesaid, b.f re he or they shall act in the Execution of therr sevenrl Offices,' ih.fll give such Security to the said Commissioners for the due Exet utic n of the fcurie, as the said Cohruriissioners' shall think proper; and lh all account and produce his or ihHr Vouchers for all such Si m and Sun s of Money as he or they shall receive or pay, by virtue of their said Office, at the said Generall Meeting in every Year and p y over the Balance of such Accounts rermining in his or their Hands, if any such there be, unto the said Commissioners there allbmbled, or as they, or the major Part of them, shall direct and appoint.

XV. Provided, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Col- officer* not *c-Ic&or or Collectors, ‘Receiver or Receivers, shall n£gle<ft or refuse to account for any Sum or Sums of ccunljngro tc Money, by him or them collected br received in pursuanie of this Atft, at the said General Meeting in committed to every Year, or to pay ovfcr the Balance remaining in* his or their Hands to the said Commissioners there Gaol, assembled; then, or in either of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Isle of County where such"Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, shall reside, to enquire of and concerning such Neglect or Refusal; and if any such Collector or Receiver shall he convicted thereof upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witmfles, then the faivl Justices shall respectively, upon such Conviction, commit the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to the common Gaol of the Lid Ilk or County where Inch Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers shall reside, t*. ere to remain until he or they shall have made a full, true, and perfect Account and1 Payment, as aforesaid.

XVI. Ard I e it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Commissioncn for the said Commissiiini rs, at their First Meeting after the passing of this Act, and from Time to mjy afiw* Time, at their General Meeting in every succeeding Year, to aIftjs, rate, tax, and charge all and Owner* as they e*ery of the Owners Occupiers of all and Angular the said Lands and Grounds in the said Parishes of stal J_Ulgc Tii Saint Giles and Newton, which lie on the West Si le of Black Dike; and also of ail and Angular the prope'’ said Lands and Grounds in Til Saint fif.try's Fe \ which lie on the West Siie of Shoffendike B.wk% by an equal and proj>ortionable Acre-tax, in such Rate or Sun of Money as they shall think proper, and that the same shall be paid as fioon after the assessing and charging thereof as conveniently may be.

XVII. Provided, That no such Assessment, Rat'*, or Tax, shall at any Time exceed the Sum of Four Rate* not to ex* Shillings an Acre, or be less than Three Shillings an Acre, in each Year, so long as any Sum or Sums c«d 4*. aa

of Money shall be due and owing thereupon; and also, that it shall and may be lawful to and ft>r the Airt* said Commissioners, at their said First Meeting, and from Time to Time, at their laid General Meeting, in every succeeding Year, to aflefr, rate, tax, and charge, all and every of the Owners and Occupiers of ail and Angular the said Lands and Grounds, in the said Parishes of TiJ Saint Giles and Newton, which lie on the East Side of Black Dike, by an equal and proportionable Acre-tax, in such Rate or Sum of Money its they shall think proper; and that the same shall be paid as soon after the afftffine and charging thereof as conveniently may be.

XVIII. Provided,* That the said Acre-tax, for each and every Acre of the said Lands and Grounds Certain Lanh t# on the East Side of Black Dike, shall not exceed in any Year the Fourth Part of the Acrp-tax to be pay tnlyth*

..., K, vn.’stsz?

Bqo C. 6o.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

binds to be surveyed.

Tenants to pay Taxes, and de* du<ft the lame <3*1 r of their Rents,

XefTees not to be allowed to deduct Taxes.

Manner of re-.oTrering Ratet.

A.D. 1773.

rated, assessed, and charged, on the Owners and Occupiers of each and every Acre of the said Lands and Grounds on the West Side of Black Dike, and of Shoffendike Bank\ and that no Acre-tax shall be laid for or in respect of the said Lands and Grounds on the East Side of Black Dike\ in any Year, when an Assessment shall not be made for or in respect of the said other Lands and Grounds comprised in this Acth,

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the First Day of Mayr in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, or as soon after as conveniently may be, all and singular the said Lands and Grounds, so abutted and described as aforesaid, shall be truly and distinctly surveyed and measured by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, at any of their said Meetings, shall nominate and appoint for that Purpose; and that such Survey shall be put into Writing, and mall contain the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, in Statute Measure, belonging to each of the Proprietors or Owners of such Lands and Grounds; and that Three Maps thereof shall be made and deposited in the several Parish Chests of Newton, lid Saint Giles% and Tid Saint Mary's aforesaid; and that the said S'urvey shall, as soon, as may be, after the same shall be completed, be verified at any of the Meetings of the said Commissioners, by the Oath of such Person or Persons as ftiaf] so make the same; which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, is and are hereby impowered to administer; and that the said Map shall be a sufficient Warrant and Authority to the said Commissioners to ascertain and determine the Quantity of the said Lands and Grounds belonging to each of the Owners and Proprietors thereof.

XX. And to the End that the said Rates and Taxes may be more easily and eflxflually collected and received, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Tenants and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, which shall be assessed or rated by virtue of this Act, shall, and are hereby authorised and required to pay all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so aftelled or rated on the respective Lands and Grounds in their Occupations, and to deduct and retain out of his, her, or their Rent, all such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall so respectively pay as aforesaid; and the several and respective Landlords or Owners of such Lands and Grounds are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment, upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and that every such Tenant or Occupier, paying such Assessment or Rate, shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Moneyas the Laid AdelTmenc and Rate so paid by them shall amount unto, as fully and effectually as if the same had been afludly paid to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords.

XXL Provided, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Lessee or Tenant of any Lands or Grounds charged with the said Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, who shall hold the same by virtue of* or under any Lease from any Bishop, or Collegiate Church or College, or any Ecclesiastical Corporation, Sole or Aggregate, or by virtue of or under any other Lease or Agreement, of which said other Lease or Agreement, at the Time of the passing this Act, there shall be more than Seven Years to come and unexpired, shall be intitled to dedu& the said Rates, Taxes, or Act'eflments, chargeable by this Act, or any of them, out of the Rent reserved or payable by any such Lease or Agreement; but that the said Rates, Taxes, and AiVessments, shall be charged upon and paid by the Lessees or Tenants so holding such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid; and that all and etfery Leftec or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, of any Lands or Grounds charged with the said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments* by virtue of or under any other Lease of Agreement whatsoever, of whichvthere shall be Seven Years or less to come and unexpired, shall pay such an Advance of Rent as the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings shall order, as a Consideration for the Benefit which such Tenant or Tenants shall or may receive by Means of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case Default shall be made by any Person or Persons, aftifled, rated, taxed, and charged as aforesaid, in his, her, or’ their respe&ivC' Payments, by the Space of Twenty Days next after the Time hereby appointed for the Payment thereof, and Demand made by the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, by Notice in Writing of such Demand left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who is, are, or ought to pay the same; or if such Person or Persons shall not have any Place of Abode within the Parish in which the said Lands or Grounds, for or in respect of which, he, she, or they, shall he affilfed and rated as aforesaid, shall lie, then after Demand made by the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receiv< rs, by Notice in Writing of such Demand* affixed upon the Church Door of the Parish where such Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, shall lie, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of any Two or moie of the said Commissioners; which said Warrant or Precept the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them* are hrchy impowered and required to make and give* as there shall be Occdllon, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds so rated and taxed as aforesaid, in Possession of such Person or Persons as shall make Default in Payment as aforesaid, and all M-(Ridges or Tenements thereupon (landing, and to levy the Sum or Sums of Money by him, her, or them, payable for such Rate or Tax, by Distress of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, which shall be there found, and in case no sufficient Distress can be there found, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors, Re. eiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons, by virtue of such

Warrant -or Precept as aforesaid, to levy all Arrears of the said Rate$ or Taxes by Distress of the

Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, of the Person or Persons fix making Default ir*; Payment 5as aforesaid, wmch shall be found in any other Place in the Kingdom of Great Britain^ fmJ thciGoods, Chattels, and Cattle, to impound, on the Messuages. or Lands where the same shall be tpufid, or take, lead,

' drive, or carry away, and the lame to keep.for the Space of Five Days* at the Costs and Charges of the

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 60. 801

tj)e Owner or Owners thereof, leaving Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress at the Messuage or Tenement, if any there be, belonging to the Lands or Grounds upon which such Distress shall be taken; and for wafit of such Messuage or Tenement, at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who is, or are, or ought to pay the said Rates or Taxes; but if such Person or Persons shall not at that Time have any Place of Abode within the Parish in which the said Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereof, for or in respect of which, he, she, or they shall be so assessed and rated as aforesaid,

shall lie, then affixing such Notice upon the Church Door of the Parish where such Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, shall be so taken in Distress; and if the said Owner or Owners of the said Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, shall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money, so assessed, rated, or distrained for, as aforesaid, together with the Charges of making such Warrant, and taking such Distress, and keeping and maintaining the same, or replevy the Goods, Chattels, and Qattle, so distrained, according to the Laws now in Force for the Nonpayment of Rent, within the said Five Days, that then the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, so distrained, shall be appraised by Two or more indifferent Persons, to be sworn by the Constable or Head borough of the Parish where such Distress shall be made, (who is hereby authorised and required to administer an Oath for that Purpose), to appraise the same according to the best of their Judgement; and that after such Appraisement as aforesaid, the said Goods, Chattels, and Cattle,

shall be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons, for Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money so assessed, rated, and distrained, for and of the said Charges, and also of the Charges of appraising and felling such Distress, and that the Overplus arising from such Sale, if any be, after Payment of the said Sum or Sums so assessed, rated, and distrained, and the said Charges, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.'

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in case any of the said i^n«js untenanN Lands or'Grounds, abutted and described as aforesaid, shall at any Time hereafter be untenacted or ed to remain a unoccupied, so that no sufficient Distress can be made for levying the said Rates and Taxes, then the Security for Lands and Grounds chargeable therewith shall always remain a Security for Payment thereof; and all Taxes*

Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, impounded, kept, and fold, in Manner aforesaid, til) all Arrears of the said Rates and Taxes, and the Charges incident to such Distress, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXIV. And, forasmuch as the said Assessments, Rates, and Taxes, so to be charged and collected Money may be as aforesaid, will not be sufficient to defray the immediate Expence of making the several Works ne- borrowed by ceflary for the speedy Improvement of the said Lands and Grounds; be it further enacted by the Au- Mortgage of thoriry aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall and may, and they ^ing ioVocU are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, pursuant to an Order for that Purpose to be made at any 8 '

of the said General or other Meetings to be held as aforesaid, at which Five Commissioners shall be present and concur, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, which they shall think necessary for the making, carrying on, and maintaining the said Works, and, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to mortgage or assign the said Assessments, Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, (the Costs and Charges of such Mortgage or Assignment to be paid out of the said Taxes), for any such Term or Number of Years, and in such Manner and Form, as to the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall seem meet, as a Security for any such or Surtis of Money so borrowed, to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, with Interest for the same, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds per Centum per /fnnum; and that Copies of all such Mortgages and Assignments shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners; and that it shall and may be lawful for all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made, as aforesaid, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured, by Indorsement on his, her, or their Security or Securities, or otherwise, to assign or transfer his, her, or their Mortgage or Security, and Right to the principal Money snd Interest thereby secured; and that such Assignment or Transfer shall be notified to the Clerk or Clerks within Three Calendar Months after the Date thereof; and that the said Clerk or Clerks shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made, containing the Date of such Assignment or Transfer, N^mes of the Parties thereto, and the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned or transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the original Mortgages or Assignment?, for which be or they shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and that after such Entries shall be made, such Assignment or Transfer shall intitle such Assignees to the Benefit and Payment thereon; and that every such Assignee shall and may, in like Manner, from Time to Time, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right and Interest therein, and thereto; and all and every Person and Persons, to whom any such Mortgage, Transfer, or Assign-Fnent, shall be made, as aforesaid, shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned.

Creditors on the said Assessments, Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Morey, in equal Degree One with another, and shall have no Prefeience in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Money; and that the said Money, so borrowed, shall be applied, in the First Place, towards paying and discharging the Costs, Charges, and Expences, of obtaining and passing this Act, and then in making, effecting* and maintaining, the said Works of draining and improving the said Lands and Grounds, so abutted and described as aforesaid, and to and for no other Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money,

by virtue hereof to be aliefied upon and paid by the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and creditoa. Grounds, shall be charged and chargeable, in the first Place, with and for the Payment of all and every such Sum and Sums of Money, so to be borrowed as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, from Time

802

C. 60. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Time to Time, and shall vest in the ref;)e:tive Creditors, upon Default of Payment of such Principal Money, and Interest, un'.s! the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof; and the said Creditors respectively, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Alligis shall have the same Powers, Rights, and Privileges, of raif-ing and recovering the Rate-., Taxes., and Sums of Money, payable by the Owners or Occupiers of the Rid Lands and Grounds, for or in rtdpeft of such Principal Money, and Interest, if Default shall be made in Payment thereof, ns said Commissioners, or their Collector or Collectors, would have had in case the said Principal Money, and Interest, had been regularly paid and satished.

Wr'tinpyobc

XXVI. And it is hereby fuuC r enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Mortgage, Transfer, wit out tamps. of ot^er Security, for the borrowing of Money, or Alignment of such Mortgage or Security, Information, Contract, Warrant, Judgement, Appointment, or other Writing, in pursuance of, or relating to, the Execution of the Act, shall be chargeable >virh nnv Stamp-duty, whatsoever.

Persons destroy-

XXVII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Per-iww^be* *C# ^ons w at an^ Time or I"»mes hereafter wilfully and maliciously cut, throw down, burn, or nf/hed? rU" otherwfife deftrey, any Bank, Mill, Engine, Flood-gate, or Sluice, already made1 and erected, or which shall at any Time hereafter be making and erecting, or made and erected, for the draining and improving of the said Lands and Grounds, or any of them, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and liable to be transported as a Felon for Seven Years; and if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, permit or suffer any of his, her, or their Hogs or Swine to stray upon any of the Rid Banks, or shall set down any Nets or Engines, for the catching of Fish in any of the said Drains, or wilfully or maliciously throw any Earth, or other Obstructions, into any of the said Drains made for answering the Purposes aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall dig or throw nut any Pond or Watering in any of th^said Lands or Grounds, intended to be drained by virtue of this Act, within Forty Feet of any Drain already made, or at any Time he reafter to be made and used for the draining and improving of the said Lands and Grounds, as afore-fnid; or shall at any Time hereafter maliciously destroy, (fop, dam up, spoil, or damage any Drain, Watercourse, Sluice, Tunnel. Door, Dam, Heading, Bridge, or other Woikor Works, to be made, or set up or used for the said Purposes, or shall cut through any Lane or Drove, to the Intent that ttc Waters of One Field, within the Limits of the said Lands and Grounds, so to be drained as aforesaid, shall and may run into any other Field within the said Limits, or shall at any Lime hereafter cut or dig, or cause to be cut ordug, any Turves, Hods, or Stffes, within the Distance of Two hundred Feet of any of the Banks made and thrown up by virtue of this Act, or of any of the Soke Dikes within the Limits of the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue hereof; all and every Person and Persons so offending, being thereof convicted be fore: Two or more of His M;»jt fly’s Justices of the Peace of the said Iste or County in which the said Offence shall be committed, who are hereby authe-rifed and required to hc?r ?r,d determine the same, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on the Confiflion of the Party e r Partit s lo offending, shall, for every such Offeree, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, as the said Justices shall respectively order and direct, to the said Commissioners for the Purposes for which the said AiTeflrr.cnts, Rates, and Taxes, are hereby directed to be applied, and to be levied by Distrrfs and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, of all ar d every such Offender or Offender.-, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices; and that, in Default of such Distn fs or Payment, the Person or Persons so offending shall be committed by such Justices to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as the said Justices shall respectively order and direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices.

Books of AC-

XXVIII. And, to the Intent that it may appear clearly what is raised from Time to Time by feiTmentj to be virtue of the said Assessments or Rate?, and how the same have been from Time to Time applied, and that all Accounts of the Monies raised and disbursed by virtue of this Act may be fairly examined, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall order and cause a Book of A fle Aments to be made and kept, and all the Rates and Assessments made as aforesaid under this Act to be fairly entered therein; and also shall order and cause a Book of Accounts to be made and kept, ard an Account of all the Receipts and Dflbutfi rr.ents of the Moni< s received and disbursed by virtue of this Act to be fairly entered in the same, and th.it no Account shall be passed and allowed unless the same shall be kept and made up in such Books as aforesaid; and that, once in every Year, to wit, at the said General Meeting, they the said Commissioners shall carefully examine all Receipts and Disbursements of all such Monies as shall be colVfted, received, and di(hurled, by virtue of this Act, to the Lcdy day next before such Meeting, and all Vouchers relating to the same; and that, upon Inspection and Examination of the said Accounts, upon Oath, to be administered by any One or more of the said Commissioners, which Oath any One or more of them is hereby impowered to udminiffer, the said Commissioners shall, and are hereby impowered and directed to allow and pass the said Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall appear to them just and reasonable; and the said Account, or such Part or Parts thi re of as shall be allowed by the Rid Commissioners under t heir Hands, shall be fairly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Commissioners; which Book or Books (h/l or may be inspected and perused, at all seasonable Time*, by any Owner or Owners of the said Lands and Grounds so abutted and bounded as aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, without Fee or Reward.

XXIX. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and fudi Orders and Proceedings, so entered, shall be signed by the Commissioners then present, or the

Broccrdings to br enter d in Books.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 60. 803

the major Part of them j and that such Orders, so signed, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders, as fully and effectually as if the same were under under the} Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners; and that such Book or Books shall and may be inspected and perused, at all seasonable Times, by any Owner or Owners of the said Lands or Grounds so abutted and bounded as aforesaid, without Fee or Reward, and fin'll and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Cases of Suits or Actions, touching any Thing done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act. 1

XXX. And it is hereby further en <3ed by the Authority aforesaid, That all Owners and Occu- Occupiers to piers of the Lands and Grounds by virtue of this Act to be drained, shall make,'and from Tune to ,tnt‘lin Time, and at all Times hereafter, maintain and keep all the Ou;ring or Division Dikes or Drains UuUinfc c of or belonging to their rt spediive Lands and Grounds Nine Feet wide, and of a sufficient Depth

from the Level Soil; and shall also, from Time to Time, and all Times hereafter, cause the same Dikes or Drains to be well and sufficiently roaded, scoured, and cleansed from Weeds and other Rubbish and Obstructions; and also cause Bridges or Tunnels to be laid over the said Dikes and Drains, of such Dimensions, and at such Places, as the said Commissioners, at any of their said Meetings, shall judge necessary, for the better issuing, running, and conveying away the Waters therein, and keep and maintain the said Bridges and Tunnels in Repair; and that if any such Owneror Occupier shall refuse or negle^V to make or keep such Dikes or Drains of the Dimensions aforesaid, or to road, scour, orcleanfethe fame from Weeds or other Rubbish or Obstructions, or to lay down or repair such Tunnels or Bridges as aforesaid, after Fourteen Days Notice in Writing, under the Hands of any Two or more of the Lid Commissioners, to him or her given, or left at his or her usual Place of Abode; or, in case he or she shall not, at that Time, have any Place of Abode within the said Parish where the said Lands shall lie, to which such Drains or Dikes, Bridges or Tunnels, shall appertain or belong; then, after affixing such Notice on the Church Door of the Parish where such Lands shall lie, the said Commissioners shall and may; and they are hereby authorised and required, to cause the same to be done in a proper and effectual Manner, and by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to authorise and impower their Collector or Collectors, or any other Person or Persons, to levy and raise the Money expended in doing thereof by Distress and Sale of such Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, as shall at any Time thereafter be found on the Lands and Grounds to which such Drains or Dikes, Bridges or Tunnels, shall appertain or belong; and that the Person or Persons, to whom such Warrant shall be directed, shall and may levy the Money so expended by Distress and Sale of the same Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, together with all incident Charges, in the same Manner as the Rates Taxes, and Assessments, herein-before mentioned, are hereby directed to be levied, rendering the Overplus, if any th* re be. to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XXXI. And whereas the opening of a certain Work, some Time since begun by the Governor, KinderleyVCut Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called to be opened.

Be ford Level, and intended to have been compleated, commonly called or known by the Name of

KinderUy s Cuty from the West Mnrjh or River's End, through the common Salt Marsh, in the Parish of Tid Saint Giles aforesaid, to near Buckworth's Drain Sluice^ and continuing the same through the said Marsh, and another small Salt Marsh in the Parish of Tid Saint Mary s aforesaid, to near the Outfall of New Gunthorpe Sluice, and the making a Dam over the present Channel of the Wisbech River, near the said River's End, to turn the Waters of the said River out of their present uncertain Course amongst the {hiking Sands, into, through, and along the said Cut, will be of great Benefit to the draining and preserving of the said Lands and Grounds so abutted and described, and intended by this Act to be drained as aforesaid, and also of the said Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level: And whereas the Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, so abutted and described as aforesaid, are desirous of having the said Works carried into Execution, and have agreed to advance the Sum of One thousand Pounds, out of the Rates, Taxes, and Monies, to be raised and borrowed by virtue of this Act, towards compleating the same: And whereas the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Levels are willing to advance, out of the Revenues of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level, or out of the Monies borrowed, or to be borrowed thereon, the like Sum of One thousand Pounds, towards the compleating of the said Works: And whereas the Commissioners elected and appointed for the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, by virtue of a certain of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, are willing to undertake the Execution of the said Works, and to compleat the same, and pay the Expence thereof, over and beyond the said Two Sums of One thousand Pounds and One thousand Pounds, out of the Rates and Taxes a flirt it'd upon the said North Level, under the said Act\ of the Twenty-seventh Year of His said late Majesty, and the Monies to be borrowed thereon by virtue of the said Act1; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said North Level, appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, by virtue of the fui J Act of the Twenty-f. vtnth \ ear of His said late Majesty King George the Se ond, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to open and make the Lid Cut, called Kinderley's Cut, from the South End of the JTefl Marsh or the River's End aforesaid, through the common Salt Marsh, in the Parish of Tid Saint Giles aforesaid, to near Buckworth s Sluice, and to continue the said Cut along the said Salt Marsh, in the Parish of Tid Saint Mary's aforesaid, at or near the OutUll of New Gunthorpe Sluice; and also ip make 2 Bank on the Eaff and South-ealt Side of the said Cut, between the Uia Cut and the present {hiking and bare Sands and also to make a Dam or Bank in and over the present Channel of the Wisbech River, near the South End of the said - tTcjl Ma^Jhy and to continue such Bank across the Sands and

804 C. 6o.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Prdford Level Corporation, and the Com* ymlTioners of this A^>, shall contribute certain Sums towards carrying on the said Wurk*«

Marshes on the East Side of the said Channel, to join the present Sea Bank on the Marsh Land or Norfolk Side; and that it also shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the said North Level, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to dig and take Earth, Flag, and other Materials, from any of the Open or Salt Marshes lyin<* in the said Parishes of Tid Saint Giles, Nexvton, and Tidfaint Marys, near or adjoining to the said Cut, Banks, and Dam, from Time to Time, as they shall find necessary for the making, com pleating, and supporting the said Cut, Banks, and Dam, without paying any Thing for the lame; and to do all such other Acts as shall be necessary in the carrying on, compleating and maintaining of the said Works.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Lvel% shall and do, out of the Revenues of the said Middle and South Levels, or out of the Monies borrowed, or to be borrowed thereon, pay the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and that the Commissioners to be apjvointed by virtue of this present Act, shall and do, out of the Rates, Taxes, and Revenues, to be raised, and the Monies to be borrowed thereon, by virtue of this Act, pay th like Sum of One thousand Pounds, for and towards the carrying on the said lift-mentioned Works, unto the Commissioners of the said North Level, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by them, or any Seven or more gt thpm, at any of their Meetings, to receive the same, at the Times, and in Manner following; that is to say. The sum of Three hundred Pounds each, when and so soon as the said Commissioners of the said North Level shall begin the said Works; and when and so soon as the said Commissioners of the said North Level shall have expended the Sum of One thousand eight hundred Pounds (including the said Two Sums of Three hundred Pounds and Three hundred Pounds) in the carrying on the said Works, then the further Sum of Three hundred Pounds each; and when and so soon as the said Commissioners of the said North Level shall have expended the further Sum of One thousand eight hundred Pounds (including the said Two last mentioned Sums of Three hundred Pounds and Three hundred Pounds}-in carrying on the said Works, then the further Sum of Four hundred Pounds each, being the Residue of the said Two Sums of One thousand Pounds and One thousand Pounds, so to be respectively advanced and paid towards the said Works, by the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and by the said Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act, as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the eftheEi pence of faj^ North Level shall and do, as soon as conveniently may be afier the passing of this Act, begin and opening the fr d proccecj in the said last mentioned Works, and perfect and compleat the same; and that the Expence

thereof, over and beyond the said Two Sums of One thousand Pounds and One thousand Pounds, so to be advanced and paid towards the same in Manner aforesaid, shall be paid by the said Commissioners of the said North Level, out of the Rates and Taxes aflelied upon the Lid North Level, under the aforesaid Act of Parliament of the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and out of the Monies to be borrowed thereon, by virtue of the Powers in the same Act contained.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall

- _ wilfully and maliciously flop, dam up, break down, demolish, damage, or dftlroy, or cause, procure.

Works how to vcounfel, or hire any Person or Persons to dam up, break down, demolish, damage, or destroy ©c vumqie. said Cut, Dam, or Banks, which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be making, cutting, or

erecting, or made, cut, or erected, supported, maintained, or used for the Purpose of turning the pre-- fens Channel of the lyjjitecb Waters out of the (hifting Sands, into, through, and along toe said Cut, intended to be opened and made as aforesaid, or shall take, carry away, break, demolish, or destroy, any of the Wheel-barrows. Planks, Treffels, or other Materials, that shall be procured to be used, or that shall be used, in making the said Cut, Dam, or B.rnks, or in the Repair or Support thereof, all and every such Person and Persons shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every such Felon shall he subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Courts by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall, and are hereby authorised and impowered to transport any such Felon for the Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and S atutes of this Realm.

XXXV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons navigating Vessels between the Town of Wisbech and the Sea, shall, at all Times hereafter, have the free Usage of the said Cut, to navigate in, along, and through the same, in like Manner as they now have along and through the present Channel, except as is herein after mentioned; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners of such Velievs, and the Servants and Workmen, or Persons employed to navigate the same, to hale and tow the said Vessels with One or more Horse or Horses, on the Foreland and Bank on the West or North-west (but not on the East or South-call) Side of the said Cut; provided that only One Horse shall hale or tow by One Line, and that every such Lino be fattened to the Mail or Rigging of every such Vessel so navigating as aforesaid, at least Twelve Foot above the Deck of such Vessel or Vessels, and not otherwise.

XXXVI. Provided, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Horse or Horses shall at any Time or Times be rr.ade use of for haling or towing over or upoQ the said Sluice called New Gunthorpe Sluice, or any ocher Sulice or Sluices erected, or to be erected, on the Side of the said Cut, or over or upon any Wharf or other Works to such Sluice or Sluices belonging; but that such Horse or Horses as shall be used in the haling or towing of Vessels along the said Cut shall be loolened from the Lines fixed to the said Vessels, and being lb loosened, shall be led or conducted over such Sluice or Sluices, and Wharfs, and other Works thereto belonging, without haling or towing over the same; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Capital 13 urge libs of the Town m

irijhcb

The Remainder

Cut out of the No. th Level Taxes, how to f*id.

Person* damaging the

The Navigation of the Cut shall te free.

Thr Minner of towing on the Side of the C it.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 60. 805

Wisbech for the Time being, or any Person or Persons by them to be appointed, by and with the Ap-^ probation of the Superintendant General for the Time being of the Corporation of the Bedford Level%

to fix and put down such Mooring Ports as shall be necessary for mooring and (lopping the Vessels passing the said Sluices, or navigating in the salt! Cut, so as such Ports shall be fixed in such Places and

Manner as that no Damage shall be done thereby, or by using the same, to any such Sluice or Sluices,

' or any Wharf or other Worlcs thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and as that no Stoppage shall be thereby occasioned to' the Passage the Water running from any such Sluice or Sluices: And in case such Mooring Ports, or any of them, shall at any Tirne or Times be apprehended by the said Superintendent General, or any other Person or Persons appointed to superintend the Works of the said Sluices, Cuts and Banks, to be prejudicial to such Sluice or Sluices, Cut or Banks, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Superintendant General, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to cause such Mooring Ports to be cut down, fixing other Ports in such other Places and Manner as may answer the Purpose of mooring the said Vefibls, without being prejudicial to the said Sluices, Cut,

Banks, or Works; and if the said Superintendant General shall refuse or neglect to give Directions for placing the said Ports as aforesaid for the Space of Twenty Days next after such 'Notice, in Writing, signed by the said Capital Burgesses for the Time being, or the major Part of them, then it shall be lawful for the said Capital Burgesses for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to cause such

f Ports to be placed in such Manner, and subject to such Restrictions, as aforesaid.

XXXVII. And whereas the making the aforesaid Cut, Bank, and* Dam, and turning the Waters of ^wjfcech '

the said IVijlech River out of their present uncertain and (hifting Course amongst the Quick Sands, into, R;ver>and the through, and along the said Cut, will be a Work of publick Utility, in regard the same will not only Sands’arfjacent, be for the Benefit of Draining, as herein-before is mentioned, but of very considerable Advantage to in the Buford i the Navigation to and from the Port of JVifbcch, and by Means thereof the present (hifting and bare Level Corpora-

| Sands, fituaie on the North and East of the said Dam and Cut, and lying between, or bounded by, tion>howve s

the present Salt Marshes on the Cambridgeshire and Lincolnshire Coasts on the West and North-west, and the present Course or Channel of the IViJbccb River on the East and South-east, will be raised, and

may become capable of Cultivation: And whereas the supporting and preserving the said Dam, Cut, and Banks, after the same shall be completed, will be attended with great Labour and Expence; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said (hifting and bare Sands, so situated and bounded as aforesaid; and also the present Channel of the JVifi/cb River, to the Low-water Mark, on the South and South-east Side thereof, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, vest in, and the same are hereby veiled in, the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and their Successors, to have ant] to hold the same unto and to thr Use of them and their Successors for ever, for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as are herein after mentioned concerning the same, any Law, Statute, or Custom whatsoever, to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and that the said (hifting and bare Sands and Channel, so verted in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and their Successors, shall for ever hereafter be deemed and taken to lie and be within the respective Parishes in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and in the County of Lincoln, which abut or adjoin oil the Welt and North-West Sides of the said Sands, so far as such Parishes do respectively abut, front, or adjoin thereupon.

XXXVIII. And for the better ascertaining the Bounds and Limits of the said (hifting and bare The said Corpo*

Sands, and Channel, so veiled, or intended to be hereby verted in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and ration allowed Commonalty, and their Successors, as aforesaid, and for keeping the same in Memory in all Times to

come, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for t"el"dS*ndsJ the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and re-

1 quired, to cause the same to be surveyed and planned, and also to cause the same to be set out and

| bounded with Stones, or other substantial Marks or Abuttals, so as at all Times to ascertain and

\ distin^uifh the same from the present Salt Marshes and Sands, lying on each Side thereof; and after

( such Sands and Channel shall be planned, bounded, and marked out, as aforesaid, the said Governor,

| Bailiffs, and Commonalty, shall cause One fair Copy of such Plan, marking or distin^uishing the rein

| the several Bounder Stones or Abuttals, so to be set up as aforesaid, to the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Cambridge aforesaid, to be kept amongst the Records of the Sessions of the Peace for the said County, and One other fair Copy of such Plan, marked and distinguished as aforesaid, to the Clerk of the Peace for the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, to be kept amongst the Records of the Sertions of the Peace for those Parts.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful and to grant

to and for the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great L«»reS thereof,

J Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to take in and embank the said Sands and Channel, so verted, orable of*

or intended to be hereby verted in them, as aforesaid, when and as often as any Part or Parts thereof cultivation.

shall be graded over, or become capable of Cultivation, and to grant Leases thereof to such Person or Persons, and for such Terms or Estates, and under such yearly and other Rents, and for such Considerations, and upon such Conditions, as they shall from Time to Time think fit, and to order, regulate, and manage the same, in such Manner as they shall, from Time to Time think proper.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Rents, Issues, Receiver of the

Fines, and other Profits, which shall from Time to Time be reserved or paid for or in respect of the Taxe«totake

said Sands and Channel, so hereby verted, or intended to be verted, in the said Governor, Bailiffs, Profit of, *nd Commonalty, as aforesaid, or shall arise from the same, shall, from Time to Time, be received the SaadJ&c.

V by the Receiver of the Taxes rated, afleiled, or imposed upon the said North Level, by virtue of a

V ol. XI. 5 L certain

806 C. 60.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

therein.

certain Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that the Fiir s, Rents, Issues, Profits, and Monies, shall be applied, in the first Place, inpayment of the Expences of inclosing, embanking, and securing the said Sands and Channel, and then, from Time to Time, in and towards the repairing, supporting, and maintaining the said Cut, Dam and Banks, and in continuing the said Cut and Banks towards the Sea, and making such other Works and Improvements in the Outfall of the Wisbech River to the Sea, as shall from Time to Time be found necessary or convenient, and to or for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, save in purchasing of Salt Marshes adjoining or lying contiguous to the said Sands, as herein after is mentioned.

The Corporation

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and slu Marsh-^in for the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Tio Saint Giles. Level of the Fens, called Bedford Levels and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to contract for and purchase any Sait Marfti or Marshes in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles's and Tid Saint Mary's^ adjoining or lying near to the said Sands hereby vetted in them as aforesaid, and to direct the rurchafe-monies agreed to be paid for the same to be paid out of the Fines, Rents, Issues, and Profits, of the said Sands and Channel so vetted in them, as aforesaid; and that such Salt Marsh or Salt Marshes, so to be purchased, shall be conveyed to and vetted in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and their Successors, for such and the same Uses, Intents and Purposes, as the said Sands and Channel are hereby vetted in them as aforesaid, and to or for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

The Committee

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Committee from Time to of rhs North Time to be elected or chosen by and out of the Commissioners of the several Districts of the said North Level, in pursuance of the said Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, shall, from Time perintend such' to Time, direct and superintend the Repairs and Amendments to be made in the said Cut, Dam, and Works is shall Banks, and such other Works, as the said Rents, Issues, Fines, and Profits, arising as aforesaid, shall, be done with the from Time- to Time, be applied in; and which said Committee shall transmit to the Register of Profits of the the said Corporation a yearly Account of their Orders, Agreements, and Transactions, relative to said Saads j such Repairs, Amendments, and other Works, and of the Application of such Fines, Rents, Issues, and Profits therein.

and make up

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Repairs and Amendments, any Deficiency for supporting and maintaining the said Cut, Dam, and Banks, as shall be necessary to be done and that may ba made before any Profits shall arise from the said Sands and Channel, hereby vetted in the said Governor, Bailiff's, and Commonalty, as aforesaid, or as such Profits, when the same shall arise, may ht any Time or Times be deficient to answer, shall, from Time to Time, be done and made by the said Commissioners of the said North Level out of the Rates, Taxes, and Monies, to be assessed or raised by virtue of the aforesaid Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His said late Majesty King George the Second, so as that the said Cut, Dam, and Banks, may at all Times hereafter be properly upheld, maintained, and supported.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner and Owners of Walpole Marshes, and all other Marshes lying on the East and South-east Side of the said Channel, and Sands, at all Times hereafter, to drain the Water oft’ and from the said Marshes in and through the said Sands, into the Wisbech Channel, below the North End of the said Cut and Bank, in such Manner as they shall think proper.

The RiTfrBank

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of thzNorth °ntM North ft Level shall and do, when and as the said intended Cut, called Kinderleys Cuty shall be dug and opened, amend, and repair the River Bank lying on the North and North-west Side of the said Cut, from a certain Place called The River's End, to Buckworth's Sluicey with Six Floors of Earth at the lead to each and every Rod thereof, and with proper and sufficient Flagging, under the Direction of such Person or Persons as is, are, shall, or may be appointed by the Commissioners of Sewers for the Hundred of Wisbech, and Parts adjacent, as Expenditor or Expenditors for the Repair of the said Bank; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the North Level to dig, cut, and take Earth and Flag from the said Salt Marshes lying on the East and North-east of the said River Bank, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid, without paying any Thing for the same; and that all Monies to be expended in the amending and repairing of the said Bank, as aforesaid shall be paid out of the Rates and Taxes to be laid by virtue of the said Act of the Twenty* seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, and the Monies to DC borrowed thereon: Provided that nothing herein shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge the said Commissioners of the North Level with any subsequent Amendments or Reparations of the said Bank, from the River's End to Buckworth's Sluice aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or to alter, lessen, or take away any of the Rights Powers, or Authorities, of the Commissioners of Sewers for the said Hundred of Wijl)echy and Parts adjacent, in and over the same Bank; but that all such Rights, Powers, and Authorities, as are now vetted in the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any other Person or Persons, in and over the said Bank, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and the said Bank, from and after such Amendment and Reparation as aforesaid by the said Commissioners of the North Level, shall be. from Time to Time, maintained and supported by and at the Expence of such Persons, and in such Manner, as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof in any* wise notwithstanding.

Wtlpole and other Mar flies, may be drained.

Cut may be repaired.

A.D.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 60. 867

*773-

XLVI. And whereas there is in the said Parish of Tid Saint Giles a certain Parcel of Salt Marsh or A certain Piece waste Land, bounded by the said Sands, East; the Place where the said Cut, called Kinderley's CW, is ®f.La"d ,n T,d intended to be made. West 5 Tid Saint Mary's Salt Marsh, North; and the prefeot Course of Wisbech celrtajnve Rivers South; which has been heretofore used and enjoyed for the Intercommonage of Cattle by the person«, to be Owners and Occupiers of the Lands in Tid Saint Giles aforesaid, intended to be drained and pre- fold, and how served by virtue of this Act, but will by the said Cut called Kinderleys Cuty be fevered therefrom, or the Money ii tt otherwise rendered of very little Use or Benefit to the Persons intitled to such Intercommon and it bc *PPlied* would be of Advantage to all Parties interested therein, if the same was to be sold, or otherwise disposed of and the Money arising therefrom applied to the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the said Salt Marin or waste Land described as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby veiled in Sir Clement Trafford of Dunton Hall, in the County of Lincoln, Knight; Robert Cohile of Wisbech Saint Peter's, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, Esquire; Richard Colvile of Hemingfton, in the County of Suffolk,

Esquire; and William Greaves of Sutton Saint Mary's in the said County of Lincoln, Clerk; their Heirs and Assigns, freed and absolutely exonerated and discharged from all Right of Common which can or tnay be claimed therein by any Person or Persons whomsoever, to hold the same unto and to the Use of the said Sir Clement Trafford, Robert Colvile y Richard Cohile, and William Greaves, their Heirs and Assigns, upon the Trusts, and to and for the Purposes herein after mentioned of and concerning the same; that is to say. Upon Trust to fell, convey, mortgage, demise, lease, or otherwise dispose of the said Salt Marsh or waste Land, or any Part or Parts thereof, in such Manner as the said Commissioners afling in the Execution of this Act, or any Three or more of them, shall, from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings, direct and appoint; and, in Default of and untH such Direction or Appointment* from Time to Time, to let, use, and manage the same, in Trust, for the said Commissioners under this Act for the Time being; and upon further Trust, from Time to Time, to pay and apply the Monies arising from Sale or Mortgage of the said Salt Marsh or waste Land, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, till Sale, to and for the same Uses,

Intents, and Purposes, as the Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, hereby authorised to be laid, and Money to be borrowed thereon, are to be paid and applied by virtue of this Act: Provided that the Receipt or Receipts of the said Sir Clement Trafford, Robert Colvile, Richard Colvile, and William Greaves, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, to the Purchaser or Purchasers, Mortgagee or Mortgagees, of the said Sale Marsh or waste Land, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be a sufficient Discharge for so much of the Purchase or Mortgage Money thereof as in such Rcceiot or Receipts shall be expressed to be received 5 and such Purchaser or Purchasers, Mortgagee or Mortgagees, having obtained such Receiptor Receipts, shall not be liable to fee to the Application of such Purchase or Mortgage Monies, or answerable or accountable for the Nonapplication or Misapplication thereof, or of any Part thereof, and that nothing herein in anywise prejudice or affect the Rights or Claims of any Person or Persons whatsoever, as Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the said Salt Marsh or waste Land, or any Part or Parts thereof, by virtue of this Act.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, Right* of Go-or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be conftraed to extend, to impower the said Com- »eLnford il missioners appointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of this Act, or any of them, to have, use, or exer- flvea, cife any Power or Authority over, or to intermeddle with any of the Sewers, Drains, or Works, already made, or hereafter to be made, by the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Levels by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the settling the draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, or by virtue of any other Act or Statute whatsoever, or invalidate, lessen, diminish, or take away, any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities, vested in the said Governor. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, but that all Rights, rowers, and Authorities whatsoever, which, by virtue of rhe. said Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Statute, now are vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, shall, for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Rights, Powers, and Authorities, as the said Powers of Wtr. Commissioners of Sewers for the Hundred of Wisbech, and Parts adjacent, have at any Time or Times ^hCommif-heretofure had or exercised over the said Lands and Grounds in Tid Saint Giles and Newton, so abut-

ted and intended to be drained as aforesaid, or the Works within the Limits thereof, or in or over c^fe,

JBuckworth's Drain, and the Banks, Sluices, and other Works thereto belonging, or any of them, by virtue of any Act of Parliament or Statute whatsoever, shall from henceforth cease, and be utterly void and determined.

XLIX. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to inva-R,^t ofcomi lidate, lessen, diminish, or take away the Rights, Powers, and Authorities, now vested in the Commissioners > missioners of Sewers for the Hundred of Wisbech, and Parts adjacent, by virtue of any Act of Parlia- Sewer* Cave*, ment or Statute, or any Commission of Sewers whatsoever, for the raif&ng of the Rate or Tax known* by the Name of The Halfpenny Acre Shot, upon or from the said Lands and Grounds in Tid Saint Giles> and Newtens abutted and described as aforesaid, or any of them, or for the raising of any Rates,

‘Taxes, or Sums of Money, from such of the said Lands and Grounds in Tid Saint Giles and Neuton u act ly ing on the East Side of Black Dike> for the repairing, maintaining, and supporting of the said

5L2, Bank

8o8

Th« Commissioners under this Act may agree with the Commissioner* Of Sewert, &c. for draining of Lands into Buckworth's Drain.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Publick AO.

C. 61, 6a. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Bank or Banks from Clow*s Cross to Guyhirn CVfl/h'and from thence to JVisbech Bridge, and so to a Place called The Horseshoe, in the Parish of Leverington, but that the said Lands and Grounds shall (till remain charged and chargeable with the said Rate or Tax, known by the Name of The Halfpenny Acre Shoty and shall (till remain charged and chargeable towards the repairing of the said Bank or Banks, in such Proportion, Manner, and Form, as before the passing of this Act they have been used to be charged towards the said Repairs^ and that the said Commissioners of Sewers shall have full Powier and Authority to assess, rate, and tax the said Lands and Grounds respectively for and towards the said Half*' penny Acre Shot) and for and towards the repairing of the said Bank or Banks, in the Proportion and Manner before mentioned; and shall have the same Powers and Remedies for the Recovery and compelling Payment of the said Halfpenny Acre Shot, and also for the other Rates and Assessments to be by them imposed on the said Lands and Grounds in Tid Saint Giles and Newton, on the East Side of Black Dike, for the repairing of the said Bank or Banks, as they have heretofore had and exercised by or under any Law or Commission of Sewers $ any Thing herein-before contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to agree with the said Commissioners of Sewers, or with the Proprietors and Owners of Lands in Tid Saint Giles High or Low Marshy Newton Marsh, or West Walton Marshy or any of them, for the draining of the Lands in the said Marshes, or any of them, into the Drain called Buckworth's Drainy upon such Terms and Conditions as they shall think proper 5 and that after such Agreement shall be so made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Sewers, and to and for the said Land Owners and Proprietors, to drain the said Lands by and through the said Drain, and not otherwise \ any Thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof in any-wise notwithstanding.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, or Imforma-tion, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the said Isle, or in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall and may plead the General Issue, and, if in Replevin, justify and avow, by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do; and shall and may, without specially pleading the same, other than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought or laid in any other County or Liberty than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff shall become non-luit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their ActioA or Actions, Suit or Suits; or if a Verdict shall pass, or, upon Demurrer, or otherwise, Judgement be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; then, or in any of these cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for the same, as where Cods by Law are awarded.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, to be a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for the better lighting and watching the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions, Encroachments, and Nuisances therein.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for better regulating the Assize and making of Bread.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, according to the ancient Order and Custom of the Realm, there hath been,

1 from Time immemorial, a Standard Wheaten Bread, made of Flour, being the whole Pro-Act tx. Geo. II. ^l!ce c^e Wheat whereof it was made: And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of George the Second, intituled, An Act for the clue making of Breads and to regulate the A tt,4 Price and Assize thereof and to punish Persons who fall adulterate Mealy Floury or Bread; and by an

Mil. 1 Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His prefenc Majesty, for explaining and amending the said recited AdE Two Sorts of Bread, made of Wheat only, are allowed to be made for Sale; (that is to say), Wheaten and Household; whereby the Flour, being the whole Produce of the Wheat, is lo divided in the making of Bread for Sale, as that this Standard Wheaten Bread, made

according to the ancient Order and Custotn of the Realm, could be no longer made for Sale: And

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 62, 809

whereas Household Bread, such as is intended by the said Act of George the Second to be made for Sale, is not generally made for Sale, whereby, and for want of the said Standard Wheaten Bread being continued, many Inconveniencies have arisen, and many of the inferior Classes of the People,

more especially, have been under a Necessity of buying Bread at a higher Price than they could afford, to their great Hurt and Detriment For Remedy thereof, mar it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, After Sept. 19 One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, a Bread made of Wheat as followeth; that is to say, (^P,rl^aRdar? Of the Flour of Wheat, which Flour, without any Mixture or Division, shall be the whole Produce of to be

the Grain, the Bran or Hull thereof only excepted, and which shall weigh Three-fourth Parts of made, baked, the Weight of the Wheat whereof it shall be made, may- be at all Times, and is hereby allowed and fold, to be made, baked, exposed to or for Sale, and shall be called and understood to be a Standard Wheaten Bread.

II. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That the Makers of the said Bread for The Weight, Sale, do and shall mark every Loaf thereof with the Capital Letters S. IV. and that the Makers and Prie?» and Pro-Sellers of the same do make and sell the same, although no Assize of Bread be set of the Weight, and 5^'ent leaves in the Proportions following; that is to say. That every Standard Wheaten Peck Loaf shall always CTCn ave*’ weigh Seventeen Pounds Six Ounces Avoirdupois, every Half Peck Loaf Eight Pounds Eleven Ounces,

and every Quartern Load Four Pounds Five Ounces and One Half of an Ounce Avoirdupois; and that every Peck Loaf, Half Peck Loaf, and Quartern Loaf, shall always be sold as to Price in Pro-poition to each other respectively; and that where Wheaten and Household Bread, made as the Law now directs, shall be sold at the same Time, together with this Standard Wheaten Bread, they be fold in respect of and in proportion to each other, as followeth; that is to say. That the same Weight of Wheaten Bread as colls Eight-pence, the same Weight of this Standard Wheaten Bread shall cost Seven-pence, and the same Weight of Household Bread shall cost Sixpence, or Seven Standard Wheaten assized Loaves shall weigh equal to Eight Wheaten aflized Loaves, or to Six Household assized Loaves of the same Price, as near as may be.

III. Provided also, and be it hereby further enacted, That the said Standard Wheaten Bread be not, St«n<JardWhe*t-

nor shall be made into, orexpofedto or for Sale, or sold as priced Loaves, at One and the same en ®rea^ *not Time, together with assized Leave* of the same Standard Wheaten Bread, Jrtced Loam »t

one Time.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Magistrate, Magi-M iftratef are# strates, or others, who is and are, by the Laws now in being, authorised and impowered to set the when they think Assize and fix the Price of Bread, is, and are hereby authorised and required, whenever and wherever proper, to set he or they shall think proper, to set the Assize, or to fix the*Price of Bread, in like Manner, and the Affiie, and at the same Time to set the Assize on, or fix the Price of, the Standard Wheaten Bread aforesaid, the Pr,ccof Baker’s Allowance for baking being included according to the Ratos and Proportions federally and respectively set down in the following Table.

810 C. 62. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

A TABLE

OF THE

ASSIZE and PRICE of STANDARD WHEATEN BREAD.

IN TWO PARTS.

Note, That this Tabic is framed for Bread to be made of the Whole Produce of the Wheat, except the Bran or Hull thereof only, the said Produce to weigh Three-fourths of the Wheat whereof it is made.

PART THE FIRST, or the ASSIZE TABLE,

Contains in Column N8 I. the Price of the Bushel of Wheat, Winchester Measure, from is. yd. to <4;. 6d. the Bushel, the Allowance of the Magistrates to the Baker for Baking included: And in Column N° II. are the Weights of the several Loaves. So that at whatever Price of the Bushel of Wheat, with the Allowance, the Magistrates shall set the Assize, the same Price of Wheat is to be found in Column N® I. and even therewith in Column N® II. will be found the Weights of the several Loaves.

Note, That the same Weight of Standard Wheaten aftized Bread as coils Seven-pence, of Wheaten aftized Bread will cofl Eight-pence, and of Household aftized Bread Sixpence: Or, Seven Standard aftized Loaves will weigh Eight Wheaten aftized Loaves, or Six Household aftized Loaves of the same Price, as near as may be.

PART THE SECOND, or the PRICE TABLE,

Contains in Column N® II. the Price of the Bushel of Wheat, Winebtfter Measure, from 2S. 9 d.to 145. 6d. the Bushel, the Allowance of the Magistrates to the Baker for Baking included: And in Column NS I. are the Prices of the Peck, Half Peck, and Quartern Loaves. So that at whatever Price of the Bushel of Wheat, with the Allowance, the Magistrates shall fix the Price of Bread, the same Price of Wheat is to be found in Column N° II. and even therewith, under N® I. will be found the Prices of the several Loaves.

Note, That the Standard Wheaten Peck Loaf is always to weigh 17 6 ex.

Avoirdupois, and the Half Peck and Quartern Loaves in Proportion, and when the said Peck Loaf is fold for Fourteen-pence, the Wheaten Peck Loaf is to be sold for Sixteen-pence, and the Household Peck Loaf is to be sold for Twelve-pence, and always as near as may be in the same Proportion. No Half Quartern Loaves are to be made.

N® I.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 62. 811

N° I. N* II. N« I. NTI.

The Price of the Bushel of Wheat and baking. 0 H -n 3* rt n r» 2. 3 °-3- C0<» icW I’P

Part the First. Part the Second.

The Assize Table. The Price Table.

Small Bread. Large Assize Bread. Prized Bread.

Penny* Two Pence. Sixpence. Twelve pence. Eighteen Pence. Quartern Loaf. Half Peck Loaf. Peck Loaf. «. d.

I. d. 1 os. dr. lb. os. dr. lb. os. dr. lb. os. dr- lb. os. dra d. i. d. I. d.

9, 3 —, 3 3; *s 4 25 1 21 6 3*9 2 14 5 2 IO 12 9 7 11 8 u — 8 — S 18 is s 17 6 1 16 — 11 28 7 — 26 i 1 24 1 — — H — 3 — 3i = - 6; — U I V 2 9 3 — 3 3

3 6i 3 9 4 — 19 14 18 9 17 6 2 7 12 2 5 I 2 2 12 7 7 3 6 is 4 684 14 14 s 13 H 7 13 ~ 9 22 5 ~8 20 13 I| 19 8 13 — 3t — 3i — 4 — — — 8 1 2 3 I 4 3 6 3 9 4 —

4 3 4 6 4 9 16 6 '5 7 14 10 2 — II I 14 4 I 13 4 6 2 2 5 12 11 5 7 n 12 4 4 1196 10 is 10 18 6 7 .7 6 \ 16 7 7 - 4i — 4i " 4 — 8. = h 1 5 6 1 7| 4 3 4 6 4 9

s — 5 1 5 6 *3 >4 >3 4 12 10 I II I3 I 10 8 9 4 S 3 7 4 >S 7 4 11 13 10 6 13 9 H >4 9 7 ii IS 10 4 '4 14 5 14 3 8 - 5 - Si - $5 40 — ioi 11 ®i s — S 3 5 6

12 6 3! 12 1 II 9 I 1 2 1 8 3 ' I 3 1 6 4 489 458 4 2 12 9 1 1 8 ti 1 8 S .3 9 *° 13 - 9 12 8 3 -I. — 6i — Hi i —i 1 J1l 2 — 2 1 ‘U 6 3

6 6 6 9 7 —i 10 11 10 s 9 >5 1 5 6 1 4 10 1 3 *4 4" 3 3 13 13 3 n 9 8- s 7 11 9 7 7 3 12 - 8 11 96 1 I 2 12 ~ 64 - 6* — 7 1 I 1 1] I 2 2 2 3 4 6 6 7 9 7 —

7 I 7 6 7 9 9 9 9 4 9 — 1 3 h 12 9* I I 15 3 9 8 3 7 *0 3 5 *3 7 3i 6 15 4 6 11 10 10 12 9 10 6 13 10 1 7 — 74 — 7i — 7: I 2i I 3 I 3» 2 I 2 6; 2 _7j 7 3 7 6 7 9

8 — 8 I 8 6 8 11 8 7 8 3 i 1 6 1 — 14 1 — 6 3 4* 3 2 9 3 1 684 652 622 9 1* 7 9 7 " 9 3 3 — 8 _ a — 8* 1 4 I 4; 5 ’ 2 |0 8 — 8 3 8 6

9 9 — 9 3 7 «5 7 12 7 8 — IS »4 — is 7 — 15 — 2 15 u *4 5 2 13 1 S IS s 5 12 II 5 10 3 8 15 — 8 11 — 8 7 4 — 8J — 9 — 9i Si 6 1 6i 2 1 I 3 " 3 1 8 9 9 — 9 3

9 9 9 10 — 7 S 7 6 15 — 14 IO — *4 4 — 13 *4 2 11 14 2 10 12 2 911 S 7 13 5 5 9 S 3 7 3 11 8- S 7 '3 2 — 9* — 9i — 10 1 7 1 7; v 8 3 2 3 3 3 4 9 6 9 10 —

10 3 10 6 10 9 11 — 11 3 ii 6 6 *3 O IO 6 7 — >3 9 — 13 4 — 12 15 2 8 11 2712 2613 S 1 6 4 IS 7 4 13 io 7 IO 1 7 7 1 746 — i°i — io| — oj 1 9 ! 9i 3 1 3 6 3 7 i° 3 10 6 lO 9

A 5 6 3 6 1 12 IO — 12 6 12 1 2 5 IS 2 S I 4 4 4 i« '3 4 10 2 489 7 112 6 is 4 6 12 13 — II — Hi — n; 1 10 1 10; i 11 3 8 3 9 3 10 11 — i* 3 11 6

11 9i -1 12 3 5-*5 5 '3 5 '« II 13 — 11 9 — if 6 2 3 '8 2 2 12 2 2 1 4' 7 — 4 S 4 4* 6 10 8 684 662 7— *i i -i 1 ni 2 — —i 3 4 " 4 1 11 9 12 — 12 3

12 6 12 9 *3 —, 5 9 5 £ 5 6 — 11 2 — 10 14 TO 11 2 16 2 — II 2 I 4 2 12 4 1 7 4 - 3 642 622 6- 4 1 —t —; 1 1 2 1 2 ii 2 2 4 4 3 4 4‘ 12 6 12 9 >3 —

13 V *3 6, 13 9' S 4 5 2 5 ' — IO § — 10 5 — IO 2 I 15 8 1 14 14 14 S 3 H IS 3 '3 >3 3 12 1 S 14 7 5 12 1 1 5 'I — 1; w l ii 2 2i 3 3i: $ 4 7i »3 3 '3 6 '3 9

14 — 14 I 14 6 4 '5 4 *4 4 13 — 9 '5 ->912 — 9 9 *3 13 1 *3 4 1 1a 11 3H9 3 10 9 >1398 s 96 5 7 '3 5 6 S 1 2 1 2; 1 2* 4 a 4i S 4 8, 4 9 4 10; '4 — '4 2 14 6

812 C. 62. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

After September V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Makers of Bread for Sale, and all Persons 19, 1773, Ma- who shall, after theftaid Twenty-ninth Day of September t One thousand seven hundred and seventy-^l-tomlkcand t^iree» ma^c and bake, for Sale, and shall fell, or expose.to or for Sale, the said Standard Wheaten dljofe of the Bread, shall make, fell, and expose to or for Sale the said Bread as directed by this Act; and all lime as hereby such Makers of the said Bread for Sale, and Persons felling, orexpofing to or for Sale, the said Bread,

Oireited. shall be liable to the same or the like Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, in all Respects

whatsoever, for any Misdemc anour or Neglect in the making, marking, felling, or exposing to or for ' Sale, the said Standard Whea:en Bread, as they are liable to by the Laws now in being, for any Mi (demeanour or Neglect, in respect to making, marking, felling, or exposing to or for Sale, Wheaten or Household Bread.

The Miller«r

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That! if any Information shall Mcalman felling be jajj against any Baker for making, marking, baking, or exposing to or for Sale, any Bread, pur-h1ourCrfhjll for- Port‘n2 to be the Standard Wheaten Bread aforesaid, made of Flour, not being the who!e Produce of fciMhe Penal- of the Wheat, the Bran or Hull thereof only excepted, and weighing Three-fourth Parts of the t4fs dirctfed by Weight of the Wheat whereof it was made, and such Baker shall prove that he bought the said Flour,

Ad 31 Geo. II. whereof his Breed was made, as and for such Flour, as aforesaid, of the Miller or Mealman, naming

his Name and Place of Abode; then, and in such Case, the Baker shall stand clear and acquitted, and the Miller or Meal-man so offending, and being legally convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Penalties enacted and directed to be paid, in the Case of adulterating Corn, Meal, or Flour, by an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of King George the S cond, intituled, yin Alt for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and yljjize thereof and to punish Persons who Jha!l adulterate Ale a I, Flour, cr Bread.

Wh?re Ma?i-

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and where any Magistrate, stratn Hull have Magistrates, or others, authorised as aforesaid, shall have set an Assize on or fixed the Price of the p,*Afl*fs on ^tanc^ar^ Wheaten Bread, as directed by this Act, all and every such Person or Persons so autho-dard Wheatc*1" are hereby authoris'd and impowered to omit, if they think proper, the getting an Assize upon.

Bread, other or fixing the Price of any other Sort of Bread.

Pet font authorial may wnit fixing the Price of any other Sort of Bread.

After Sept. 19,

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aferfesaid, Tirat from and after the Twenty-ninth 1773, Justice*, Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and feverrty-three, the Justices of the Peace of every at their Quarter County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, tmd Place, at any General or Quarter Session of the Scflh°b*S* 77 Peace which shall -be held within their respective Counties, Riding, Division, Cities, Towns, Liber-

Kon-h^the3 Pes* or Jurisdictions, may, if they shall think proper, prohibit, and they are hereby authorised and baking or fell:ng impowered to prohibit, for Three Months, unless thfcy shall fee Cause sooner to revoke the Order for ther Bread than such Prohibition, which they are hereby impowered to do at any adjourned Quarter Sessions, or any Standard Special Srflions within their respective Jurisdictions, or within any Part thereof, the Makers of Bread Wheaten 5 for Sale from making for Sale, baking, felling, orexpofing to or for Sale, any other One or more but no such Sorts of Bread, being, or purporting to be, of a superior Quality, and sold at a higher Price than the Order shall tak« Standard Wheaten Bread aforesaid: Provided that no such Order for such Prohibition do take Place, Place till One or be in Force, uotii One Calendar Month at least after the Date of the making thereof 5 and every Calendar Month, Order, which shall be so from Time to Time made, in or touching the Premises, by any such Justices, shall be entered tn a Book, to be provided and kept for that Purpose by such Justices, and which 108 r Book shall and may be inspected by the Makers of Bread for Sale within the jespective Jurisdiction of Copy of such any Justices, at all reasonable Times, in the Day-time, and without paying any Fee or Reward in Orderto brpui respect thereof: And after the making every such Order by any such Justices, the Justices who shall up in some make the same, shall, with all convenient Speed, cause a Copy of every such Order to be affixed or Market Town, put Up in some Market, or other publick Town, within the Division or Part of the County, Riding, some publick Liberty, Rape, Wapentake, City, Town, or Place, in which such Order is to be observed, and take Newspaper. Place, orclfe such Justices, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall cause a Copy of every such Order to be, with ail convenient Speed, after the making thereof respectively, inserted in fom$ publick Newspaper, which shall be be published in the County, Riding, Division, Rape, Wapentake, City, Town, or Place, or some Part thereof, in which every such Order respectively is to be observed, and take Place.

Company of

IX. Provided always, That within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, the Company of !iaker$ of Loo- Bakers of the said City, and in any other City, County, Division, District, Town, or Place, any for Ob’-aiom ^a^cr or Maker of Bread for Sale, Bakers or Makers of Bread for Sale, may, within the respective agamt such I ro- Jurisdiction to which he or they do belong, or wherein he or they do exercise their Trade or Mystery,

kuiition. have an Opportun'ty of offering to such justices , as aforesaid, all such Objections as such Company of

Bakers, or such Bakers or Makers of Bread for Sale, may have and think fit to offer against such Prohibition as aforesaid, at the Time when such Justices, as aforesaid, shall have under Consideration the ordering such Prohibition as aforesaid.

WLea ten Loaves X. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to pre-of the rice of ven* the Magistrates and others, who, by the Laws now in being, are authoris'cd to set an Assize on id or 2d. may Bread, from allowing at all Times, and even during the Time of such Prohibition as aforesaid, if br made and tht y shall think fit, any White Loaves or Wheaten Loaves of the Price of One Penny, or 7wo-to P?nce> to be made and fold, so that the said Loaves be made, marked, baked, exposed to and for

31 c°’ Sale, and fold according to the Regulations of The Table of JJfize and Price of Breads contained in,

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 62. 813

and enacted by, an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Georg,t the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Breads and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof a"4 to puni/f) Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Floury or Bread.

XI. And whereas there may be many Places in this Kingdom where the inferior Chiles of the KoAff*etobe

People are used to and may be desirous of being supplied with Bread made of YVheaf, of a coari'e and Jj* r

cheaper Sort than the Standard Wheateil Bread aforesaid; be it hereby further enacted by the Autiio- prie* iity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Baker or Maker of Bread for Sale, to make, directed determined by Art 'bake, expose to Sale, and fell, such inferior and coarser Bread, provided he or she fells such P»read at 31 Geo. II.

a Price under that of the Household Bread, as directed to be made and sold by an Act, paired in the

Thirty-first Year of the Reign of George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread* and to regulate the Price and Ajftze thereof and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Mealy Floury or St eady although nothing in this Act contained doth extend, or shall be construed to extend, to the setting any Assize thereon.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and where any Baker or ww any fe*-

Maker of Bread for Sale shall fell, or expose to Sale, any such inferior or coarser Bread by Weights ker of Bread and Prices whereat the Household Bread aforesaid is at that Time a Hi zed or priced, or fold, he shall, shall fell coarser for every such Offence, being duly convicted, be liable to the same or like Pains, Penalties, Forfei- ^r.cad at cures, and Punishments, as takers and Makers of Bread for Sale are no\y by Law liable to for any the like Misdemeanour or Neglect in making, felling* or exposing to or for Sale, any other Sort of Bread Price, hT shall

allowed by Law to be made or exposed to or for Sale, and fold. be liable to the

I end its infilled by Law.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Magistrate, Magistrates, and others, as afore- Magistrates to {aid, following the Directions herein-before and herein after given, shall have, and they are hereby have the Gme declared to have, all the same Powers and Authority to apply them, to all Intents and Purposes what- Power*relative soever, relative to aflizing, pricing, and regulating the making, felling, or exposing to or for Sale, the to the making said Standard Wheaten Bread, and punishing the Makers, Sellers, and Expofers thereof to or for Sale, ®rtuf for any the like Misdemeanour or Neglect, in the making, marking, and felling or exposing the same hl" by any to or for Sale, as they have by any Law now in being, relative to allizing, pricing, making for Sale, Law now in felling, or exposing to or for Sale, any Bread whatsoever, and in as full and ample a Manner as if the being, said Powers were recited and enacted therein.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Magistrates, and all other Persons whatsoever, shall be Magistrates, &c.

inti tied to, and have all the Privileges, Protections, and Indemnifications, in all Respects whatsoever, intitled to all the for what they shall lawfully do in putting this Act in Execution, as they are intitled to, and have Povile's and by the Laws now in being, relative to thepnaking of Bread, and felling, or exposing the same to or for she'uwVtobe-Sale, for putting the said Laws in Execution. ing relative to

the making and felling of Bread.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not Not to extend to

extend to prejudice any Right or Custom of the City of London, or the Practice there used, or any prejudice Right Right or Custom of any Lord or Lords of any Leet, to set, esquire, and punish the Breach of Assize or Custom of the of Bread within their respective Lects or Views of Frank Pledge, or the Right of any Clerk or Clerks City of London, of the Market, in any Place. or Lords of Lt"-

XVI. Provided further, and it is hereby likewise enabled, That neither this Act, or any Thing Nor shall this herein contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice the ancient Right or Custom Art prejudice the of the Dean of the collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, or the High Steward of the City of ^®n^RJ.^cor jyejhninflery and the Liberties thereof, or his Deputy, or any of them, to set, ascertain, and appoint Dean^St. the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread, to be sold or exposed to Sale, within the said City of pcter, Westmin-Wesbntnfery and the Liberties thereof; but they, and every of them, shall and may, severally and Her, &c. telpcftively, from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion, set, ascertain, and appoint, within the said City of Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread, which shall be made, fold, or exposed to Sale, by any Person or Persons within the Limits of the said City of JVcjlmin fiery and the Liberties thereof; and shall and may esquire, and punish, the Breach, of every such Assize and Weight of Bread as fully and freely, in all Respects, as they, or any of them, have heretofore been accustomed to do, and as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided likewise. That neither this Act, nor any Thing herein contained, shall extend, or Kor

be construed to extend, to prejudice the ancient Righc or Custom of the Two Universities of Oxford Thing contain, and Cambridge, or either of them, or of their or either of their Clerks of the Market, or the Practice ed prejudice within the several Jurisdictions* of the said Universities, or either of them, used to set, ascertain, and the ancient appoint the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold, or exposed to Sale, within their several of the Jurisdictions; but that they, and every of them, shall and may, severally and respectively, from o^d and ° Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion, set, ascertain, and appoint, within their several and re- Cambridge, spective Jurisdictions, the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold, or exposed to Sale, by any Baker, or other Person whatsoever, within the Limits of their several Jurisdictions, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and shall and may esquire and punish the Breach thereof as fully and freely, in all Respects, as they used to do, and as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding.

---

814 C. 63. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

[All the Laws now in being for regulating the Price of Bread, &c. to remain in full Force.]

XVIII. And be it hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Laws now in being, for the due making of Bread, or to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, or to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, do and shall stand and remain in full Force, in the Whole, and every Part thereof, not altered by this present Act.

[Where the Chief Magistracy of a Corporation is vested in Two Bailiffs, one of them may set an Assize on Bread.]

XIX. And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether by the said Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, where the Chief Magistracy of any Borough or Corporation lies and is vested in Two Bailiffs, One of the said Bailiffs, in the Absence of the other, is, by the said Act, authorised and impowered to set an Assize on Bread; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in such Boroughs and Corporations, One of the said Bailiffs in the Absence of the other, shall be authorised and impowered to set an Assize on Bread, under the said Act, or this Act, and to do all other Matters and Things therein and hereby directed for setting the same.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the several Powers and Authorities granted by Charters to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies have been found, by Experience, not to have sufficient Force and Efficacy to prevent various Abuses which have prevailed in the Government and Administration of the Affairs of the said United Company, as well at Home as in India, to the manifest Injury of the Publick Credit, and of the Commercial Interests of the said Company; and it is therefore become highly expedient that certain further Regulations, better adapted to their present Circumstances and Condition, should be provided and established: And whereas the electing and chusing of Directors of the said United Company every Year, in such Manner as at present prescribed by Charter, has not answered the good Purposes intended thereby, but, on the contrary, by limiting the Duration of their Office to so short a Time, evidently tends to weaken the Authority of the Court of Directors, and to produce Instability in the Councils and Measures of the said Company: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[At the next ensuing general Election, instead of 24, there shall be chosen 6 Directors for the Term of One Year; 6 for Two Years; 6 for Three Years; 6 for Four Years; and so hereafter yearly.]

That at the next ensuing General Election of Directors of the said United Company, instead of an Election of Twenty-four Directors to serve for the Space of One Year only, there shall be chosen, in such Manner and Order as the Directors of the said United Company for the Time being shall appoint, Six Directors expressly for the Term of One Year and Six other Directors for the Term of Two Years, and Six other Directors for the Term of Three Years, and the remaining Six Directors for the Term of Four Years, and not otherwise; and from thenceforth yearly and every Year and at the Expiration of each and every of the said Terms respectively, Six new Directors, and no more, shall be chosen, from Time to Time, in the Place of such Directors whose Term shall have expired, and who are hereby declared incapable of being then rechosen; and at every subsequent Election, during the Continuance of the Charter of the said United Company, Six new Directors shall be chosen, and shall continue to be Directors for the Term of Four Years, and no longer, to be accounted from the Day on which the Election of such Directors was respectively made; and in case the Office and Authority of any such Director shall become void by Death, Removal, or otherwise, another shall be chosen from Time to Time in his Place, to serve as a Director during the Remainder of such Term for which the Person whose Office shall have become void was chosen, and no longer.

[No Person employed in any Office in the East Indies, shall be chosen into the Office of Director until he shall return, and be resident in England for Two Years.]

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, employed in any Civil or Military Station, Office, or Capacity whatsoever, in the East Indies, or claiming or exercising any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction therein, shall be capable of being appointed or chosen into the Office of Director, until such Person or Persons shall have returned to and been resident in England for the Space of Two Years; any Law or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding.

[All Transfers made in a collusive Manner, to qualify Voters at Elections;]

III. And whereas it has been found, that the Provision made by the Charter of the Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, under which, Persons possessed of Five hundred Pounds Stock are intitled to vote in General Courts, has been productive of much Inconvenience in the present Situation of the Company, and tends to promote the mischievous Practice of making collusive Transfers, which Practice hath not been sufficiently prevented by the Provision made by an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, whereby the Right of voting is limited to Persons having been Six Calendar Months in Possession of their Stock; be it further enacted, That all Transfers of Stocks whatsoever made to any Person or Persons, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner, on Purpose to qualify him, her, or them, to give his, her, or their Vote or Votes, at any Election of Members of the Court of Directors, or in any General Court of the said United Company, (subject nevertheless to Conditions or Agreements, either Verbal or in Writing, to defeat or determine such Transfers, or to retransfer or return the same), shall be deemed and taken against those Persons

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 63. 815

[and all Bonds, Covenants, &c. with Persons in in Trust, shall be null and void: And every Person to whom Transfers shall have been made, or who shall have voted by virtue thereof, at any Election, who shall afterwards retransfer the same, in consequence of any Trusts, &c. shall forfeit, for every Offence, 1000l. to be recovered, with full Costs, at Westminster; and after Oct. 1, 1773, no Proprietor shall vote at any Election of Directors in respect of Stock amounting to less than 1000l. nor until he shall have been possessed of such 12 Calendar Months.]

who transferred the same, as free and absolute, and be holden and enjoyed, by all and every such Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made, as aforesaid, freely and absolutely acquitted, exonerated, and discharged, of and from all Manner of Trusts, Conditions, Powers of Revocation, Provisoes of Redemption, or other Defeazances between or with the said Parties, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for them; and that all Bonds, Covenants, Notes, Collateral or other Securities, Contracts, or Agreements, between or with the said Parties, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for them, or any of them, for the retransferring, redeeming, revoking, or defeating such Transfer, or for the restoring or retransferring thereof, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons who made such Transfer, or to any other Person or Persons in Trust for them, or any of them, shall be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: And that every Person to whom such Transfer shall have been made, and who shall have voted by virtue thereof, at any Election of Members of the Court of Directors, in any General Court of the said United Company, and who shall afterwards retransfer or return the same, in Consequence of any Trust, Condition, Powers of Revocation, Proviso of Redemption, or other Defeazance whatsoever, as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One thousand Pounds; One Moiety whereof shall go and be disposed of to any Person who shall sue for the same, and the other Moiety to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be admitted or allowed; and that from and after the First Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, no Member or Proprietor of the said United Company shall be deemed qualified, or capable to vote, or be admitted to give any Vote or Votes, at any Election of Directors, or at any General Court of the said United Company, in respect or any Stock amounting to less than One thousand Pounds, nor in respect of any Stock transferred to him, her, or them, after the said First Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, until he, she, or they, shall have been possessed of such Stock Twelve Calendar Months, in his, her, or their own Right, and not in Trust for any other Person or Persons whatsoever, freed and discharged of all Incumbrances which can or may affect the same, unless such Stock shall have been acquired, or shall have come to such Proprietor by Bequest, or by Marriage, or by Succession to any Intestate’s Estates, or by the Custom of the City of London, or by any Deed of Settlement after the Death of any Person who shall have been intitled for Life to the Dividends of such Stock; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

[Every Proprietor possessed of 3000l. Capital Stock shall be intitled to Two Votes at any Election; if possessed of 6000l. he shall have Three Votes; and when possessed of 10,000l. is intitled to Four Votes.]

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Member or Proprietor of the said United Company, who shall be possessed, for the Time or Term aforesaid, in his or her own Right, of Three thousand Pounds, Capital Stock of the said Company, shall be intitled to give Two Votes at any Election of Directors, or at any Ballot of the said Company; and every Member or Proprietor who shall be possessed, for the Time or Term aforesaid, of Six thousand Pounds, in his or her own Right, shall be intitled to give Three Votes; and every Member or Proprietor who shall be possessed for the Time or Term aforesaid, of Ten thousand Pounds, or more, shall be intitled to give Four Votes at such Election or Ballot; and the Oath and Affirmation herein after respectively prescribed, shall, as Occasion shall require, be altered in such Manner as shall be necessary to comprise such Right of voting.

[Every Member shall be deemed qualified to vote at Elections of Directors, in respect of 1000l. Stock, after Oct. 1, 1773.]

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That any Member or Proprietor of the said United Company shall be deemed qualified or capable to vote, and shall be admitted to give his or her Vote or Votes, at any Election of Directors, or at any General Court of the said United Company, that shall be held after the First Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, in respect of any such Stock, not, amounting to less than One thousand Pounds, whereof he or she shall have been possessed from the said First Day of October, any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding: And the Oath and Affirmation herein after respectively prescribed shall be, as Occasion shall require, altered in such Manner in respect of the Continuance of the Possession of such Stock, as to comprise the Time aforesaid.

[Upon Election of Directors, every Proprietor shall, before admitted to vote, take the following Oath.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, upon every Election to be made of any Member or Members of the Court of Directors, and upon every Ballot to be taken at any General Court of the said United Company, every Member or Proprietor of the said Company shall, before admitted to vote at such Election, or in such General Court, first take the Oath hereafter mentioned before Two or more of the Directors of the said United Company, who are hereby impowered to administer such Oath; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, (or being One of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm), That the Sum of One thousand Pounds or more of the Capital Stock of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, standing in my Name, doth at this Time belong, and hath for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months actually belonged to me, in my own Right, and not in Trust for any Person or Persons whatsoever; and that I have been in the actual Receipt of the Dividends and Profits thereof for my own Use, freed and discharged of all Incumbrances which can or may affect the same, for the said Space of Twelve Calendar Months; or that the same came to me within the Time aforesaid by Bequest, or by Marriage,

816 C. 63. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

or by Succession to an Intestate’s Estate, or by the Custom of the City of London, or by Settlement; and that such Stock has not been transferred or made to me fraudulently or collusively on Purpose to qualify me to give my Vote; and that I have not before given my Vote on this Ballot.

So help me GOD.

[Persons committing wilful Perjury, or corruptly suborning others so to do, shall be liable to the Penalties in Act 5 Eliz. and 2 Geo. II.]

And in case any Person taking the Oath or Affirmation hereby appointed shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, and be thereof convicted; and if any Person do unlawfully or corruptly procure or suborn any other Person to take the said Oath or Affirmation, in order to vote, whereby he or she shall commit such wilful Perjury, and shall be thereof convicted, he, she, and they, for every such Offence, shall incur such Pains and Penalties as are in and by Two Acts of Parliament, the One made in the Fifth Year of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for punishing such Persons as shall procure or commit wilful Perjury, or suborn or procure any Person to commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury; the other made in the Second Year of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing, and further Punishment of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, and to make it Felony to steal Bonds, Notes, or other Securities, for Payment of Money, directed to be inflicted for Offences committed contrary to the said Acts.

[A Governor-general and Four Counsellors to be appointed, in whom the whole Civil and Military Government of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa shall be vested.]

VII. And, for the better Management of the said United Company’s Affairs in India, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the Government of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, there shall be appointed a Governor-general, and Four Counsellors; and that the whole Civil and Military Government of the said Presidency, and also the Ordering, Management and Government, of all the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues in the Kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, shall, during such Time as the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues shall remain in the Possession of the said United Company, be, and are hereby vested in the said Governor-general and Council of the said Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the same now are, or at any Time heretofore might have been exercised by the President and Council, of Select Committee, in the said Kingdoms.

[In case of Difference of Opinion, the Decision of the major Part to be conclusive; and in case of Death, Removal, or Absence, the Governor or eldest Counsellor to have a casting Voice.]

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases whatsoever wherein any Difference of Opinion shall arise upon any Question proposed in any Consultation, the said Governor-general and Council shall be bound and concluded by the Opinion and Decision of the major Part of those present: And if it shall happen that, by the Death or Removal, or by the Absence, of any of the Members of the said Council, such Governor-general and Council shall happen to be equally divided; then, and in every such Case, the said Governor-general or, in his Absence, the eldest Counsellor present, shall have a casting Voice, and his Opinion shall be decisive and conclusive.

[Power of the Governor-general and Council.]

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor-General and Council, or the major Part of them, shall have, and they are hereby authorised to have, Power of superintending and controuling the Government and Management of the Presidencies of Madrass, Bombay, and Bencoolen respectively, so far and in so much as that it shall not be lawful for any President and Council of Madrass, Bombay, or Bencoolen, for the Time being, to make any Orders for commencing Hostilities, or declaring or making War, against any Indian Princes or Powers, or for negotiating or concluding any Treaty of Peace, or other Treaty, with any such Indian Princes or Powers, without the Consent and Approbation of the said Governor-general and Council first had and obtained, except in such Cases of imminent Necessity as would render it dangerous to postpone such Hostilities or Treaties until the Orders from the Governor-general and Council might arrive; and except in such Cases where the said Presidents and Councils respectively shall have received special Orders from the said United Company; and any President and Council of Madrass, Bombay, or Bencoolen, who shall offend in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall be liable to be suspended from his or their Office by the Order of the said Governor-general and Council; and every President and Council of Madrass, Bombay, and Bencoolen, for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby respectively directed and required, to pay due Obedience to such Orders as they shall receive, touching the Premises, from the said Governor-general and Council for the Time being, and constantly and diligently to transmit to the said Governor-general and Council Advice and Intelligence of all Transactions and Matters whatsoever that shall come to their Knowledge, relating to the Government, Revenues or Interest, of the said United Company; and the said Governor-general and Council for the Time being shall, and they are hereby directed and required to pay due Obedience to all such Orders as they shall receive from the Court of Directors of the said United Company, and to correspond, from Time to Time, and constantly and diligently transmit to the said Court an exact Particular of all Advices or Intelligence, and of all Transactions and Matters whatsoever, that shall come to their Knowledge, relating to the Government, Commerce, Revenues, or Interest, of the said United Company; and the Court of Directors of the said Company, or their Successors, shall, and they are hereby directed and required, from Time to Time, before the Expiration of Fourteen Days after the receiving any such Letters or Advices, to give in and deliver unto the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, a true and exact Copy of such Parts of the said Letters or Advices as shall any way relate to the Management of the Revenues of the said Company; and in like Manner to give in and deliver to One of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State for the Time being, a true and exact Copy of all such Parts of the said Letters or Advices

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 63. 817

as shall any way relate to the Civil or Military Affairs and Government of the said Company; all which Copies shall be fairly written, and shall be signed by Two or more of the Directors of the said Company.

[Names of the First Governor-general and Counsellors, who shall continue in Office Five Years after their Arrival at Fort William in Bengal.]

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That Warren Hastings Esquire shall be the First Governor-general; and that Lieutenant-general John Clavering, the Honourable George Monson, Richard Barwell Esquire, and Philip Francis Esquire, shall be the Four First Counsellors; and they, and each of them, shall hold and continue in his and their respective Offices for and during the Term of Five Years from the Time of their Arrival at Fort William in Bengal, and taken upon them the Government of the said Presidency, and shall not be removeable, in the mean Time, except by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon Representation made by the Court of Directors of the said United Company for the Time being: And in case of the Avoidance of the Office of such Governor-general by Death, Resignation, or Removal, his Place shall, during the Remainder of the Term aforesaid, as often as the Case shall happen, be supplied by the Person of the Council who stands next in Rank to such Governor-general; and, in case of the Death, Removal, Resignation, or Promotion, of any of the said Council, the Directors of the said United Company are hereby impowered, for and during the Remainder of the said Term of Five Years, to nominate and appoint, by and with the Consent of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be signified under His or Their Sign Manual, a Person to succeed to the Office so become vacant in the said Council; and, until such Appointment shall be made, all the Powers and Authorities vested in the Governor-general and Council shall rest and continue in, and be exercised and executed by, the Governor-general and Council remaining and surviving; and from and after the Expiration of the said Term of Five Years, the Power of nominating and removing the succeeding Governor-general and Council shall be vested in the Directors of the said United Company.

[Time when the Provisions relating to the Governor and Council shall commence.]

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Provisions, relating to the said Governor-general and Council, shall commence and take Place from and immediately after the Time that publick Proclamation shall be made of the Arrival of the said Governor-general and Counsellors herein-before appointed, or any Three of them, at Fort William in Bengal; which Proclamation the said Governor-general and Council are hereby required to make.

[The Company may appoint Officers in pursuance of former Acts or Charters.]

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent, controul, or restrain the said United Company from constituting and appointing such Officers, Factors, or Agents, as they shall think proper and necessary, by virtue or in pursuance of any Powers, Rights, or Privileges, granted to them by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Charter or Charters, for managing, conducting, and transacting the Trade and Commerce of the said Company, at and within the said Presidency of Fort William in Bengal.

[His Majesty may by Charter or Letters Patent, establish a supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William, &c.]

XIII. And whereas His late Majesty King George the Second did, by His Letters Patent, bearing Date at Westminster the Eighth Day of January, in the Twenty-sixth Year of His Reign, grant unto the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies His Royal Charter, thereby, amongst other Things, constituting and establishing Courts of Civil, Criminal, and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, at the said United Company’s respective Settlements at Madras-patnam, Bombay on the Island of Bombay, and Fort William in Bengal; which said Charter does not sufficiently provide for the due Administration of Justice in such Manner as the State and Condition of the Company’s Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, so long as the said Company shall continue in the Possession of the Territorial Acquisitions before mentioned, do and must require; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by Charter, or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to erect and establish a Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William aforesaid, to consist of a Chief Justice and Three other Judges, being Barristers in England or Ireland, of not less than Five Years standing, to be named from Time to Time by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; which said Supreme Court of Judicature shall have, and the same Court is hereby declared to have, full Power and Authority to exercise and perform all Civil, Criminal, Admiralty, and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, and to appoint such Clerks, and other Ministerial Officers of the said Court, with such reasonable Salaries, as shall be approved of by the said Governor-general and Council; and to form and establish such Rules of Practice, and such Rules for the Process of the said Court, and to do all such other Things as shall be found necessary for the Administration of Justice, and the due Execution of all or any of the Powers which, by the said Charter, shall or may be granted and committed to the said Court; and also shall be, at all Times, a Court of Record, and shall be a Court of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, in and for the said Town of Calcutta, and Factory of Fort William, in Bengal aforesaid, and the Limits thereof, and the Factories subordinate thereto.

[Extent of the Jurisdiction and Powers of His Majesty's Charter; and of the Supreme Court of Judicature.]

XIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said new Charter which His Majesty is herein-before impowered to grant, and the Jurisdiction Powers, and Authorities, to be thereby established, shall and may extend to all British Subjects who shall reside in the Kingdoms, or Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, or any of them, under the Protection of the said United Company; and the same Charter shall be competent and effectual: And the Supreme Court of Judicature therein, and thereby to be established, shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine all Complaints against any of His Majesty's Subjects for any Crimes, Misdemeanours, or Oppressions, committed, or to be committed; and also to entertain hear, and determine, any Suits or Actions whatsoever, against any of His Majesty's Subjects in Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and any Suit, Action or Complaint against any Person who shall, at the Time when

818 C. 63. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

such Debt, or Cause of Action or Complaint, shall have arisen, have been employed by, or shall then have been, directly or indirectly, in the Service of the said United Company, or of any of His Majesty's Subjects.

[Supreme Court to hear and determine Indictments and Informations.]

XV. Provided also, That the said Court shall not be competent to hear, try, or determine, any Indictment or Information against the said Governor-general, or any of the said Council for the Time being, for any Offence (not being Treason or Felony) which such Governor-general, or any of the said Council, shall or may be charged with having committed in Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa.

[Limitation of Actions before the said Court.]

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said said Supreme Court shall hear and determine any Suits or Actions whatsoever of any of His Majesty's Subjects, against any Inhabitant of India residing in any of the said Kingdoms or Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, or Orissa, or any of them, upon any Contract or Agreement in Writing entered into by any of the said Inhabitants with any of His Majesty's said Subjects, where the Cause of Action shall exceed the Sum of Five hundred Current Rupees; and where the said Inhabitant shall have agreed in the said Contract, that, in case of Dispute, the Matter shall be heard and determined in the said Supreme Court; and all such Suits or Actions may be brought, in the First Instance, before the said Court, or by Appeal from the Sentence of any of the Courts established in the said Provinces, or any of them.

[The Governor-general, Council, &c. not subject to be arrested or imprisoned.]

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted and provided, That nothing in this Act shall extend to subject the Person of the Governor-general, or of any of the said Council or Chief Justice and Judges respectively for the Time being, to be arrested or imprisoned upon any Action, Suit, or Proceeding, in the said Court.

[Appeal may be made to His Majesty in Council.]

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be directed, in and by the said new Charter which His Majesty is herein-before impowered to grant, that in case any Person or Persons whatsoever shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Judgement or Determination of the said Supreme Court of Judicature, to be established as aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall and may appeal from such Judgement or Determination of His Majesty in Council, His Heirs or Successors, within such Time, in such Manner, and in such Cases, and on such Security, as His Majesty, in His said Charter, shall judge proper and reasonable to be appointed and prescribed.

[So much of the Charter granted by Geo. II. (should a new Charter be granted) to be repealed; otherwise to be in full Force.]

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Charter, granted by His said late Majesty, as respects or relates to the Establishment of the Mayor’s Court at Calcutta aforesaid, in Bengal, or to the Civil, Criminal, or Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction thereof, in the said United Company’s Settlement there, or the Subordinates thereunto belonging, in case a new Charter shall be granted by His Majesty in pursuance of this Act, and shall be openly published at Fort William aforesaid, from and immediately after such Publication, shall cease, determine, and be absolutely void, to all Intents and Purposes: But nevertheless, the said Charter, so granted by His said late Majesty, shall, in all other Respects, and as for and concerning all or any other of the said Company’s principal Presidencies or Settlements to which the same relates, or to any Factories or Places now or hereafter to be subordinate to such principal Settlements, continue, be, and remain in full Force and Virtue, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, and that as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if this Act had never been made, or such new Charter as aforesaid should never have been granted.

[All Records and Muniments belonging to the Mayor’s Court at Calcutta, &c. to be delivered to, and preserved by, the new Court.]

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Records, Muniments, and Proceedings whatsoever, of and belonging to the said Mayor’s Court at Calcutta aforesaid, or to the Courts of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery at Fort William aforesaid, established by the said Charter of His said late Majesty, shall, from and immediately after such Court of Judicature, which His Majesty is herein-before impowered to erect, shall be established at Fort William as aforesaid, be delivered over, preserved, and deposited for safe Custody, in the said new Court of Judicature, to which all Parties concerned shall and may resort and have Recourse, upon Application to the said Court.

[Salaries established to the Governor-general, Council, Chief Justice, and Judges.]

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during such Time as the Territorial Acquisitions shall remain in the Possession of the said Company, the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall, and they are hereby required to direct, and cause to be paid, certain and established Salaries to the Governor-general, and to each of the Council of the said United Company’s Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and to the Chief Justice and each of the Judges of such Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William, as shall be by the said new Charter established; (that is to say), To the Governor-general Twenty-five thousand Pounds by the Year and to each of the Council of the said United Company’s Presidency of Fort William in Bengal Ten thousand Pounds by Year and to the Chief Justice Eight thousand Pounds by the Year and to each of the Judges of the said Supreme Court of Judicature, at Fort William, Six thousand Pounds by the Year: And that such Salaries shall be paid and payable to each and every of them respectively for the Time being out of the said Territorial Acquisitions in the Kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa.

[When such Salaries shall commence.]

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Salaries of such Governor-general and Council, and of such Chief Justice and Judges, of such Supreme Court of Judicature as aforesaid, shall take place and commence in respect to all such Persons who shall be resident in Great Britain at the Time of their Appointment, upon, and from the Day on which such Person shall embark from Great Britain; and that the Salaries of all such Persons who shall, at

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 63. 819

the Time of their Appointment, be resident in India, shall commence and take Place from and after their respectively taking upon them the Execution of their Office as aforesaid; and that all such Salaries to such Governor-general and Council, and of such Chief Justice and Judges, shall be in lieu of all Fees of Office, Perquisites, Emoluments, and Advantages, whatsoever; and that no Fees of Office, Perquisites, Emoluments, or Advantages whatsoever, shall be accepted, received, or taken by such Governor-general and Council, or by such Chief Justice and Judges, as aforesaid, or any of them, in any Manner, or on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, other than such Salaries and Allowances as are in and by this Act directed to be paid to them respectively.

[The Governor-general, or Council, shall not accept of any Present; nor be concerned in any Transaction by way of Traffick.]

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Governor-general, or any of the Council of the said United Company’s Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, or any Chief Justice, or any of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William aforesaid, shall, directly, or indirectly, by themselves, or by any other Person or Persons for his or their Use, or on his or their Behalf accept, receive, or take, of or from any Person or Persons, in any Manner, or on any Account whatsoever, any Present, Gift, Donation, Gratuity, or Reward, pecuniary or otherwise, or any Promise or Engagement for any Present, Gift, Donation, Gratuity, or Reward; and that no Governor-general, or any of the said Council, or any Chief Justice or Judge of the said Court, shall carry on, be concerned in, or have any Dealing or Transactions, by way of Traffick or Commerce of any Kind whatsoever, either for his or their Use or Benefit, Profit or Advantage, or for the Benefit or Advantage of any other Person or Persons whatsoever, (the Trade and Commerce of the said United Company only excepted); any Usage or Custom to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[No Person holding a Civil or Military Office under the Crown, shall accept any Donation or Gratuity.]

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, no Person holding or exercising any Civil or Military Office under the Crown, or the said United Company in the East Indies, shall accept, receive, or take, directly or indirectly, by himself, or any other Person or Persons on his Behalf, or for his Use or Benefit, of and from any of the Indian Princes or Powers, or their Ministers or Agents, (or any of the Natives of Asia), any Present, Gift, Donation, Gratuity, or Reward, pecuniary or otherwise, upon any Account, or on any Pretence whatsoever; or any Promise or Engagement for any Present, Gift. Donation, Gratuity, or Reward: And if any Person, holding or exercising any such Civil or Military Office, shall be guilty of any such Offence, and shall be thereof legally convicted in such Supreme Court at Calcutta, or in the Mayor’s Court in any other of the said United Company’s Settlements where such Offence shall have been committed; every such Person so convicted, shall forfeit Double the Value of such Present, Gift, Donation, Gratuity, or Reward, so taken and received; One Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be to the said United Company, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform or prosecute for the same; and also shall and may be sent to England, by the Order of the Governor and Council of the Presidency or Settlement where the Offender shall be convicted, unless such Person so convicted shall give sufficient Security to remove him themselves within Twelve Months after such Conviction.

[Counsellors, Physicians, Surgeons, and Chaplains, excepted.]

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prohibit or prevent any Person or Persons who shall carry on, or exercise the Profession of a Counsellor at Law, a Physician, or a Surgeon, or being a Chaplain, from accepting, taking, or receiving any Fees, Gratuities, or Rewards, in the Way of their Profession.

[The Company may prosecute and recover any Gift, upon waiving Forfeitures.]

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Present, Gift, Gratuity, Donation, or Reward, accepted, taken, or received, and all such Dealing or Transaction, by way of Traffick or Commerce, of any Kind whatsoever, carried on, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be deemed and construed to have been received, taken, had, and done, to and for the sole Use of the said United Company; and that the said United Company, upon waiving all Penalties and Forfeitures, shall and may sue and prosecute for the Recovery of the same, or the full Value of such Present or Gift, or the Profits of such Trade respectively, together with Interest, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Time of such Present, Gift, Gratuity, Donation, or Reward, being received, or of such Dealing or Transaction, by way of Traffick or Commerce, as aforesaid, by Action, for Money had and received to the Use of the said Company.

[No Collector, Supervisor, &c. to buy Goods by way of Traffick.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and Seventy-four, it shall not be lawful for any Collector, Supervisor, or any other of his Majesty's Subjects, employed or concerned in the Collection of the Revenues, or the Administration of Justice, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, or Orissa, or their Agents or Servants, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, to buy any Goods, Wares, Merchandise, or other Commodities whatsoever, by way of Traffick or Trade, at any Place within the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and to sell the same again, or any Part thereof, at the Place where he or they bought the same, or at any other Place within the said Provinces respectively; and it shall not be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects in the said Provinces, to engage, intermeddle, or be any way concerned, directly or indirectly, in the Inland Trade, in Salt, Beetlenut, Tobacco, or Rice, except on the Account of the said United Company, on Pain of forfeiting all such Goods or Commodities which he shall so buy and sell again, by way of Traffick, or in which he shall so trade; and also Treble the Value thereof; One Moiety to the said United Company, and the other Moiety to him or them who will sue for the same, in the said Supreme Court; and every such Person, on Conviction, shall, more-over,

820 C. 63. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

be liable to be sent to England, by such Order as aforesaid, unless he or they shall give sufficient Security to remove him or themselves within Twelve Months after such Conviction.

[Not to restrain His Majesty's Subjects not herein prohibited:]

XXVIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit or restrain any of his Majesty's Subjects, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, (except such Persons as are by this Act prohibited and restrained from being concerned in Trade) from carrying on or exercising any Trade or Traffick within Fort William, and the Town of Calcutta.

[Nor to extend to outstanding Debts, nor to selling Merchandises possessed by Persons before such Prohibition take Place.]

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit or prevent any such Person or Persons who is, are, or shall be hereby restrained from carrying on any Trade, or being concerned in the buying or selling any Goods, Wares, Merchandises, or other Commodities whatsoever, by way of Traffick or Trade, as aforesaid, or from being any Way concerned in the Inland Trade in Salt, Beetlenut, Tobacco, or Rice, from collecting in their outstanding Debts, or from selling and disposing of the Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Effects, and Stock in Trade, of which such Person or Persons shall severally be possessed, at the Time when such Prohibition shall respectively take Place, so as each such Person or Persons who by this Act is, are or shall be so restrained, shall, and each and every of them respectively do, deliver in to such Governor-general and Council of the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa aforesaid, within Thirty Days from the Time when such Restriction and Prohibition shall take Place, as aforesaid, a full, true, and just Specification, upon Oath, of the Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Effects, and Stock in Trade, of which he or they shall be at that Time so respectively possessed; and so as such Person or Persons shall and do sell and dispose of such Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Effects, and Stock in Trade, within the Space of Nine Months after such Restriction and Prohibition, as aforesaid, shall commence and take Place; and so as no new Trade or Concern in Commerce or Merchandise be entered into, contracted for, or carried on, by such Person or Persons.

[No Person shall take, on Loan of Monies, above the Rate of 12 per Cent. per Annum. Persons by Covin accepting Loans, &c. shall forfeit for every Offence, Treble the Value; One Moiety to go to the Company, and the other to the Prosecutor.]

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Subject of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the East Indies, shall, upon any Contract which shall be made from and after the said First Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and Seventy-four, take, directly or indirectly, for Loan of any Monies, Wares, Merchandise, or other Commodities whatsoever, above the Value of Twelve Pounds for the Forbearance of One hundred Pounds for a Year and so after that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or for a longer or shorter Time; and that all Bonds, Contracts, and Assurances whatsoever, made after the Time aforesaid, for Payment of any Principal or Money to be lent or covenacted to be performed upon, or for any Usury whereupon or whereby there shall be reserved or taken above the Rate of Twelve Pounds in the Hundred, as aforesaid, shall be utterly void: And all and every such Person or Persons whatsoever who shall, after the Time aforesaid, upon any Contract to be made after the said First Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, take, accept, and receive, by Way or Means of any corrupt Bargain, Loan, Exchange, Shift, or Interest of any Wares, Merchandises, or other Thing or Things whatsoever, or by any deceitful Way or Mean, or by any Covin, Engine, or deceitful Conveyance, for the forbearing or giving Day of Payment for One whole Year, of and for their Money or other Thing, above the Sum of Twelve Pounds for the forbearing of One hundred Pounds for a Year and so after that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or for a longer or shorter Term, shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, Treble the Value of the Monies, Wares, Merchandises, and other Things so lent, bargained, exchanged, or shifted, with Costs of Suit, One Moiety whereof shall be to the said United Company, and the other Moiety to him or them who will sue for the same in the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Calcutta, or in the Mayor’s Court in any other of the said United Company’s Settlements where such Offence shall have been committed, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Essoin, Wager of Law, or Protection shall be allowed; and in case no such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall have been brought and prosecuted with Effect within Three Years, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Party aggrieved to sue and prosecute for Recovery of all Sums of Money paid over and above such Rate of Interest.

[Persons making Compositions contrary to the Meaning of the Act, liable to be imprisoned at the Discretion of the Court.]

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Informer or Plaintiff shall or may compound or agree with any Person or Persons that shall offend, or shall be surmised to offend, against this Act, for any Offence committed, or pretended to be committed, before Answer made in the said Supreme Court, unto the Information or Suit in that Behalf exhibited or prosecuted, nor after Answer, but by the Order or Consent of the said Court, on Pain that if any Person or Persons shall offend in making of any Composition or Agreement, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or shall, by Colour or Pretence of Process, or without Process, upon Colour or Pretence of any Matter of Offence against this Act, make any Composition, or take any Money, Reward, or Promise of Reward, for himself, or to the Use of any other, without Order or Consent of the said Court; that then, he or they so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for every such Offence, be liable to be fined and imprisoned, at the Discretion of the said Court.

[Persons who may be dismissed the Service, or resign, &c. not to be concerned in Traffick, other than for Disposal of Stock in Hand.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall have been dismissed from, or shall have voluntarily resigned, the Service of the said United Company, or for any free Merchant, free Mariner, or other Person, whose Covenants or Agreements with the said United Company for residing or trading in India shall be expired, from thenceforth to carry on or be in any-wise concerned in any Trade, Traffick, Merchandise, or Commerce whatsoever, in the East Indies, other than for the Disposal of his or their Stock in Hand, without the Licence of the said United Company, or the Governor-general and Council of the Presidency of

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 63. 821

Fort William in Bengal, or the President and Council at the Place of Settlement where such Person or Persons shall reside for that Purpose, first had and obtained.

---

[

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and Seventy-four, if any of his Majesty's Subjects in Breach

India y employed by, or in the actual Service of the said united Company, shall be charged with and cs of Trust, on prosecuted for any Breach of publick Trust, or for Embezzlement of publick Money or Store?, or for Conviction, to defrauding the said United Company; every such OTender, heing convicted thereof, in the said fcSu- be fined or im-preme Court of judicature, or in any Court of Judicature in any other Presidency or Settlement in p^retioaVfthe India, may be fined and imprisoned, and adjudged to be Tor ever after incapable of serving the said Court.

United Company,'at the Discretion of the Court before which he shall be tried; and immediately after the Sentence of such Court shall have been executed and inflicted, shall and may be sent over to England, by such Order, and in such Manner, as is herein-before mentioned and directed, unless he shall remove himself within Twelve Months, and in the mean Time give sufficient Security so to do.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Offences and Misdemeanours Offencestobe

which shall be laid, tried, and enquired of in the said Supreme Court, shall be tiiecl by a Jury of Bri- lried by a JurX tish Subjects resident in the Town of Calcutta, and not otherwise. Sub~

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after any Judgement of the ^h/com an said Supreme Court of Judicature, or of any Court of Judicature at any of the said United Company’s may compound Settlements, against any of the said United Company’s Servants, Civil or Military, for any Debt or ordischargeSen* Penalty, due or belonging to the said United Company, shall be made known to the Court of Direc- tences of the tors for the Time being of the said United Company, it shall not be lawful to release or compound Supreme Court, such Sentence or Judgment, or to release, discharge, or put a flop to any Prosecution, Suit or Action, &c' commenced or to be commenced, for carrying on any illicit Trade, or for any Debt or Penalty due to

the said United Company, or to reftbre any Servant or Servants whatever of the said Company, who shall have been removed or dismissed from his or their Office or Employment, for or upon Account of any Misbehaviour, without the Consent of Three Parts in Four of the said Court of Directors, to be taken by Ballot, and also the Consent of Three Parts in Four in Number of the Proprietors of the said United Company, who shall be present, and give their Votes by Ballot, to be taken at a general Court to be specially called for that Purpose, and of which Fourteen Days publick Notice, at the least, shall be given before the holding the same, and of the particular Occasion for which such General Court shall be called.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Governor-gene- the Governor-general and Council of the Taid United Company’s Settlement at Fort William in Bengal, and Council from Time to Time, to make and issue such Rules, Ordinances, and Regulations, for the good Order RcLutbnsa* and Civil Government of the said United Company’s Settlement at Fort William aforesaid, and other mly appear just; Factories and Places subordinate, or to be subordinate thereto, as shall be deemed just and reasonable,

(such Rules, Ordinances, and Regulations, not being repugnant to the Laws of the Realm), and to set, impose, instift, and levy, reasonable Fines and Forfeitures for the Breach or Non-observance of such Rules, Ordinances, and Regulations; but nevertheless the same, or any of them, shall not be which shall not valid, or of any Force or Effect, until the same shall be duly registered and published in the said Su- he valid until preme Court of Judicature, which shall be, by the said new Charter, established, with the Consent ?ul>'registered and Approbation of the said Court, which Registry shall not be made until the Expiration 6f Twenty Supreme Days after the same shall be openly published, and a Copy thereof affixed in some conspicuous Part of the Court-house or Place where the said Supreme Court shall be held; and from and immediately after such Registry as aforesaid, the same shall be good and valid in Law; but, nevertheless, it shall be law- Appeals may be ful for any Person or Persons in India to appeal therefrom to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in Jj1*

Council, who are hereby impowered, if they think fit, to set aside and repeal any such Rules, Ordi- Cil"who may"* nances, and Regulations respectively, so as such Appeal, or Notice there f, be lodged in the said new repeal such 1 Court of Judicature, within the Space of Sixty Days after the Time of ne registering and publishing Rules; the same; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons in England to appeal therefrom in like Manner, within Sixty Days after the publishing the same in England; and it is hereby directed and required, and a Copy of that a Copy of all such Rules, Ordinances, and Regulations, from Time to Time, as the same shall all ^rgia^on3 be so received, shall be affixed in fofoe conspicuous and publick Place in the India House, there to indu^House. remain and be r^sorted to as Occasion shall require; yet nevertheless, such Appeal shall not obstruct, impede, or hinder the immediate Execution of any Rule, Ordinance, or Regulation, so made and registered as aforesaid, until the same shall appear to have been set aside or repealed, upon the Hearing and Determination of such Appeal.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor* Governor*gene-general and Counqil shall, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, to transmit Copies of ral and Council all such Rules, Ordinances, and Regulations, as they shall make and issue to One of His Majesty's to transmit Coprincipal Secretaries of State for the Time being, and that it shall and may be lawful to and for His One

Majesity, His Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, as They shall think necessary, to signify to of the Sccie-the said United Company, under His or Their Sign Manual, His or Their Disapprobation and Dif- taries of State; allowance of all such Rules, Ordinances, and Regulations; and that from and immediately after the which if His Time that such Disapprobation shall be duly registered and published in the said Supreme Court of ?0!!.

Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, all such Rules, Ordinances, and Regulations, shall be null and void; but in case His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall not, within the Space of Two Years flUu have full from the making of such Rules, Ordinances, and Regulations, signify His or Their Disapprobation or Force,

822 C. 63. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Disallowance thereof, as aforesaid, that then, and in that Case, all such Rules, Ordinances, and Regulations, shall be valid and effectual, and have full Force.

Co?€rn*gene-

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor-general and Council for the Time being of the said United Company’s Settlement at Fort William aforesaid, and of Peace* the Chief Justice and other Judges of the said Supreme Court of Judicature, shall and may, and they are hereby respectively declared to be, and to have full Power and Authority to a & as Justices of the Peace for the said Settlement, and for the several Settlements and Factories subordinate thereto j and to do and transact all Matters and Things which to the Office of a Justice or Justices of the Peace do belong and appertain; and for that Purpose the said Governor-general and Council are hereby authorised and impowered to hold Quarter-sessions within the said Settlement of Fort William aforesaid, Four Times in every Year and the same shall be at all Times a Court of Record.

If the Goreraor-

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Governor-general*, dent &c. com- I>ref1^ent> or Governor, or Council of any of the said Company’s Principal or other Settlements in nm Offeree*,the India, or the Chief Justice, or any of the Judges of the said Supreme Court of Judicature, to be by fame may be* the said new Charter established, or of any other Court in any of the said United Company’s Settle-

tried and deter- ments, or any other Person or Persons who now are, or heretofore have been employed by or -in the.

mined in the' Service of the said United Company, in any Civil or Military Station, Office, or Capacity, or who Bench? have or claim, or heretofore have had or claimed, any Power or Authority, or Jurisdiction, by or from the said United Company, or any of His Majesty's Subjects residing in India, shall commit any Offence against this A$, or shall have been, or shall be guilty of, any Crime, Mildem.eanour, or Offence, committed against any of His Majesty's Subjects, or any of the Inhabitants of India within their respective Jurisdictions, all such Crimes, Offences, and Misdemeanours, may be respectively enquired of, heard, tried, and determined in His Majesty's Court of Kings Bench, and all such Persons

lo offending, and not having been before tried for the same Offence in India, shall, on Conviction, in

any such Case as is not otherwise specially provided for by this Act, be liable to such Fine or Corporal Punishment as the said Court shall think (it; and moreover shall be liable, at the discretioiv of the said Court, to be adjudged to be incapable of serving the said United Company in any Office, Civil or Military $ and all and every such Crimes, Offences, and Misdemeanours, as aforesaid, may be alledged to be committed, and may be laid, enquired of, and tried in the County of Middlesex

Manner of Pro-

XL. And whereas the Provisions made by former Laws for the hearing and determining in England cedure in Cafci Offences committed in India have been found ineffectual, by reason of the Difficulty of proving in this nd^format?- Kingdom Matters done there; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases of m3 u?d°in the Indictments or Informations, laid or exhibited in the said Court of King’s Bench, for Misdemeanoura Bench, or Offences committed in India, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's said Court, upon Motion to be made on Behalf of the Prosecutor, or of the Defendant or Defendants, to award a Writ or Writs of Mandanius, requiring the Chief Justice and Judges of the said Supreme Court of Judica^ ture for the Time being, or the Judges of the Mayor’s Court at Madrass, Bond ay, or Bencoolen, as the Case may require, who are hereby respectively authorised and required accordingly to hold a Court, with all convenient Speed, for the Examination of Witnessls, and leaving ether Proofsi concerning the Matters charged in such Indi&ments or Informations respectively; and, in the mean Time, to cause such publick Notice to be given of the holding the said Court, and to issue such Summons or other Process, as may be requisite for the Attendance of Witnesses, and of the Agents or Coui.fel, of all or any of the Parties respectively, and to adjourn, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require; and such Examination as aforesaid shall be then and there openly and publickly taken viva voce in the said Court, upon the respective Oaths of Witnesses and the Oaths of skilful Interpreters, administered according to the Forms of their several Religions; and shall, by fume sworn Officer of such Court, be reduced into Ore or more Writing or Writings on Parchment* in case any Duplicate or Duplicates should be required by or on Behalf of any of the Parties, interested, and shall be sent to His Majesty, in His Court of King's Bench, doled up, and under the Seals of Two or more of the Judges of the said Court, and One or moie of the said Judges* shall deliver the same to the Agent or Agents of the Paity or Parties tequiring the same y which said Agent or Agents, (or, in case of his or their Death, the Person into whose Hands the same (half come), shall deliver the same to One of the Clerks in Court of His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, in the publick. Office, and make Oath that he received the Lme from the Hands of One or more of the Judges of such Court in India, (or if such Agent be dead, in what Manner the same came into his Hands); and that the same has nut been opened, 01 aliered, since he so received it, (which said Oath such Clerk in Court »s hereby authorised and r.qurcd to adminillei): And such Depositions, being duly taken and returned, according to the tiue Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be allowed and read, and shall be deerred as good and competent Evidence as if such Witness had been present* and iworn and txam’med viva voce at any Trial for such Crimes or Misdemeanors, as aforesaid, in UP Majesty's said Court of King's Bench, any Law or Lfage to the Contrary notwithstanding y and all Parlies concerned shall be inti tied to take Copies of such Depofuions at their own Coils-Offener# against and Charges.

this Act com-

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Chief Justice, mtHd by the or Judges of the said Supreme Court of Judicature, or any of them, for the Time being, shall com* Tad VuffcTdc? mit any GtFcnte r gainst this Act,.or be guilty of any corrupt Practice, or other Crime, or

urnTncAyihe M ddemcanour, in the Execution of their rtfptciive Offices, it shall and may be lawful for His Ma tof Kin&’i jesty’s said Court ol Kings Bench in England^ upon an information or Indictment laid or exhibited, in

A.D. 1773 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 63. 823

the said Court for such Crime, Offence, or Misdemeanour, upon Motion to be rmJe in the said Court, to award such Writ or Writs of Mradamust as aforesaid, requiring the Governor-general, and Council of the said Uuited Company’s Settlement at Fjrt JFt Hi as aforesaid, who are hereby re-fp?ftively authorised and required accordingly to air-mble themselves in a reasonable Time, and to cause all such Proceedings to be had and made as are herein-before respectively direffed and prescribed concerning the Examination of Witnesses; and such Examination, so taken, shall be returned and proceeded upon in the same Manner, in all Respcfts, as if the several Directions herein-before prescribed and enacted in that Behalf were again repeated.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases of Proceedings in Parliament, touching any Offences against this Act, or any other Offences committed in India, it mail HouseVcem* and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, or Speaker of the House of Lords, an] also for the mon*,may issue Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time b ung, in like Manner, to Issue his or their War- Warrant for the ra n or Warrants to the Governor-general and Council of the said United Company’s Presidency of Examination of Fort William, and to the Chief Justice and Judges of the said Supreme Court of Judicature, or the

iudgt»s of the Mayor’s Court at Madraj;, Bombay, or Bencooleny as the Case may require, for the Adeemed com-xamination of Witnesses; and such Examination shall he returned to the said Lord High Chan- petent Evidence cellor, or Speaker of the House of Lords, or to the Speaker of the House of Commons respectively, and to both House* proceeded upon in the same Manner, in all Respects, as if the several Directions herein-before pre- of Parliament, feribed and enacted in that Behalf were agiin particularly repeated; and every such Examination, returned either to the Lord Chancellor, or Speaker of the House of Lords, or to the Speaker of the House of Commons, as aforesaid, shall be deemed good and competent Evidence, and shall be allowed and read in both Houses of Parliament, or either of them respectively; as Occasion may require j any Law or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. And whereas, by the Usage and Custom of Parliament, no Proceedings by Bill in Parliament have Continuance from One Session to another: And whereas it would be impracticable that the Examination taken upon such Warrant, as aforesaid, could ever be returned within the ordinary Length of a Session of Parliament; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, no Proceedings in Parliament No Proceeding* touching any Offence committed, or to be committed, in India, wherein such Warrant as aforesaid in n^Jiainent; shall have been issued, shall be discontinued by any Prorogation or Diflblution of the Parliament, but f^cesm India that such Proceedings may be resumed and proceeded upon in a subsequent Session, or in a subsequent to be disconti* Parliament, in either House of Parliament, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they nued by any might have been in the Course of One and the same Session; any Law, Usage or Custom to the Prorogation. Contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And whereas His Majesty's Subjects are liable to be defeated of their several Rights, w.

Titles, Debts, Dues, Demands, or Suits, for which they have Cause arising in India against other ^amus°m^ Subjects of His Majesty; now, for preventing such Failure of Justice, be it further enacted by the awarded by the Authority aforesaid, That when, and as often as the said United Company, or any Person or Persons Courts at West, whatsoever, shall commence and profscute any Action or Suit, in Law or Equity, for which Cause minster, whenr hath arisen, or shall hereafter arise in India, against any other Person or Persons whatever, in any the ComPanr of His Majesty's Courts at lVejhninj}ery it shall and may be lawful for such Court respectively, upon ^XTwor " Motion there to be made, to provide and award such Writ or Writs, in the Nature of a Mandammy Equity t: etc, or Commission, as aforesaid, to the Chief Justice and Tudges of the said Supreme Court of Judicature for the Time being, or the Judges of the Mayor’s Court at Madrafsy Bombay, or Bencooien, as the Case may require, for the Examination of Witnesses, as aforesaid; and such Examination, being duly returned, shall be allowed and read, and shall be deemed good and competent Evidence, at any Trial or Hearing between the Parties in such Cause or Action, in the same Manner, in all Respects, as if the several Directions herein-before prescribed and enabled in that Behalf were again repeated.

XLV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no such Depositions, taken and returned as "tuniff to be* aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall be allowed or permitted to be given in Evidence in any capital allowed a« Evi-cases, other than such as shall be proceeded against in Parliament; any Thing in this Act contained dence, in Case* to the Contrary notwithstanding. "ot proceeded against in Pailia*

[The Privileges

- ed, shall remain in Force.]

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Rights, Interest, Powers, Privileges and Authorities, which are now vested in the said United Company of of the Company, Merchants trading to the East Indies, and which are not hereby expressly taken away, altered, or not hereby vari-varied, shall remain to, and continue in the said Company, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if this Act had never been made.

---

[Publick Act.]

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; of which Notice shall be judicially taken by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

824 C. 64. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Exchequer Bills; and to be advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies do at present labour, and have, for some Time past, laboured under great and unusual Difficulties in the carrying on of their Affairs, from which it greatly imports the Publick, as well as the said United Company, that they should, as speedily as possible, be relieved: And whereas the said Company, finding themselves under the Necessny of applying to Parliament for Relief did, by their Petition to the House of Commons, make Application for the Loan of One Million five hundred

thousand Pounds, or so much as should be wanted to be advanced, and repaid in such Manner, and to be attended with such other Conditions and Provisions as in their said Petition is set forth, in consequence whereof the House of Commons came to several Resolutions, specifying the Terms upon which it might be expedient for the Publick to advance to the said United Company the Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds, and the several Limitations which ought to accompany such Loan: And whereas the said United Company did, by a subsequent Petition, declare their Determination to depend on the Laws of their Country, and submit to the temporary Difficulties which may attend the present Situation of their Affairs, rather than*receive the Loan offered to them upon the Conditions prescribed: And whereas, in case the said Company should not be forth- with assisted by the Publick with the Advance of a considerable Sum of Money, they would remain altogether unable to provide for the Payment of their Debts, some of which Debts being due to the Publick, and others to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England', the Payment thereof could not long be postponed without great Prejudice to the Publick Service, and Disadvantage to publick Credit, and yet could not be expedited or secured otherwise than by the Use of such Methods as must be attended with Consequences the most fatal to the said United Company; and, forasmuch as upon Consideration of the several Matters before mentioned, it appears absolutely necessary that immediate Provision should be made by Parliament for giving Assistance to the said Company, in such Manner, and upon such Terms, as may be best calculated for effecting the Preservation of the said United Company, and the Re-establishment of their Affairs, without leaving it in the Power of the General Court of Proprietors, by withholding their Consent to the Acceptance of such Assistance, to expose, at once, each Separate Proprietor.of East India Stock, the Company it Self, the Creditors of the Company, and the Publick, to all the Mischiefs which must attend the Want of such Assistance, as a fore said: And whereas it hath been resolved that a Sum, not exceeding One million four hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied for the Purpose of relieving the East India Company, and for Securing to the Creditors of the said Company a more speedy Satisfaction of their Demands :* Now, to the End that no Want or Failure may happen or be made by Reason or Means of such Grant, and the Application of the same, in the Aids granted, or to be granted, in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the several publick Services, and for answering which the said Aids were, or may be intended to be applied; and for the better Supplying the said Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds, and applying the same in the most effectual Manner for the Purposes above mentioned; we Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and! be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Commissioners of the Treasury, before OfL i* J773, are to eaufc Exchequer B 1I«, for 1,400,000 1. to be applied for Relief of the Lift India Company.]

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, now and for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or for the High Treasurer for the Time being, and he and they respectively are hereby authorised and impowered, at any Time or Times before the First Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, by his or their Warrant or Warrants, to direct, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, any Number of Exchequer Bills for such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall think most proper and convenient, so as all the Principal Monies to be contained in the Bills so to be made forth by virtue of this Act do not exceed in the Whole the said Sum of One Million four hundred thousand Pounds, (exclusive of any Exchequer Bills that are or may be made forth by virtue of any other Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament for the publick Service); and the said Exchequer Bills, so to be made forth in pursuance of this Act, shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and proportionally for any greater or less Sum to be contained therein, to be payable to the Bearers thereof respectively;

[according to the Ru’e* in the MUt-rax AO, 13 Geo. III.]

which said Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by an Ad of this present Session of Parliament, intitled, An Act for ccnm tinuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon IIalt% Alum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand iJ‘even hundred ani seventy-threr, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills aulhonled to be made forth in pursuance of the said Act*

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 64. 825

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Pro- Clauses in the

vifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the Malt-tax Act to said last mentioned Act, relating tt> the Exchequer Bills authorised to be made out by the same Act, ^cn<i to lhl5

(except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Duties granted and contained by the same Act,

and except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of the Money lent on the Credit of the said Act, and also except as is herein after mentioned), shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made forth in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Exchequer Thc

Bill or Bills, to be made out by virtue of this Act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued at Bill* frail not be the Receipt of the Exchequer, be afterwards, at arry Time before the Sixth Day of April, One thou- current till April thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, received or taken, or pass or be current, to any Receiver *779 or Collector in Great Britain, of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from tmy such Receiver or Collector, or from. any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, otherwise or on any other Account than for the Discharge and cancelling of such Bills, in case the same shall be in due Couife or Order of Payment before the said Sixth Day of Aprils One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine; nor shall any Receiver or Collector exchange, at any Time, before the Sixth Day of Aprils One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, for any c ,ul*e Money of such Revenues, Aids, "Faxes, or Supplies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill or Bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid, by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Atftion be maintained against any such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such Bill or Bills for ready Money before the said Sixth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, any Thing in the said Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Alum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, or this Act, contained to the Contrary noc-withstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Exchequer Bills, together The Exchequer with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are with the hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the Monies Inte*cfh &c*to to be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer by the United Company of Merchants ^Monies to be of England trading to the East Indies, in the Manner, and at the Times, herein after directed paid into the Ex-and appointed: And in case such Monies, so to be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, chequer by the shall not be sufficient to satisly and discharge all the Principal Monies contained in such Ex- East Indu Com~ chequer Bills, together with all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges incident to and at- Pany* tending the same, and that shall incur and grow due thereupon before the Sixth Day of April,

One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine; then, and in such Case, the said Exchequer Bills, or such Part thereof as shall remain unsatisfied and uncancelled, together with all the Interest due, or to grow due thereupon, and all other Charges and Expences incurred, or to be incurred, in respect of the same Exchequer Bills, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, ail or any the Aids or Supplies that shall or may be granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine: And, in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not he granted before the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, then all the said Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as at any Time or Times at or after the said Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surpluses, Exceifes, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Act of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difehuging, such Exchequer Bills so remaining uncancelled and unpaid, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged,‘or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable, on Demand, to the respective Proprietors thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall Mom=s ifTn-d

, be so issued out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing

the said Sinking Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Aids or Supplies rc‘p|acuccl by the to be then after granted in Parliament. first Aids granted.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for tbs

the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englanl to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Re- Jay a°tf.

ccipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills directed to be made forth by virtue vance the Sum of of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One million four 1,400,000l. at hundred thousand Pounds; any Tiling in an Act, made in the Fifth and Sixth y)fears of the Reign-of Receipt of

king E,<ht<lu‘r-

826 C. 64. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to Their MajejVics several Rates and Duties upon Tonage of Ships and Feffels, and upon Beyr, Ale, and other Liquors, j or ft curing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Mannerin which

VII. And forasmuch as it is moll immediately necessary, as well for the Relief of the said Company the Treasury as for the Benefit of the publick Service, th.it certain Debts due from the said Company to the

may issue the Publick, and certain other Debts due from the said Company to the Governor and Company of the

fra*in^the* ^ank of England, should be without Delay discharged; it is hereby enacted by the Authority afore-Debt^of the said, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury now and for

Compapy. the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and he

, and they is and are hereby authorised, directed, and required, to issue and apply, or cause to be issued, paid, and applied, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, the said Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds, (directed by this Acfc to be raised by making forth Exchequer Bills), so far as the same will extend towards satisfying, paying, and discharging, such Debts of the said Company, in Manmr following; (that is to say). That, out of the said Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds, there mall, in the First Place, be issued and pai l to the Receiver-general of His Majesty's *. Customs all such Sum or Sums of Money as are now due and payable to His Majesty for any Custom-»duties, Subsidies, or Impositions whatl'oever, and shall be remaining unpaid by the said United Company; and, in the next Place, there shall be issued and paid out of the said Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds, the Sum of One hundred and seventeen thousand three hundred and fourteen Pounds, One Shilling, and Three-pence, and Seven-twentieth Parts of a Penny, to such Perforv or Persons as the said Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the Time be»ng, or any Three, or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall, by his or their Warrant or Warrants, authorise and direct to receive the same; which Sum of One hundred and seventeen thousand /three hundred and fourteen Pounds, One Shilling, and Three-pence, and Seven-twentieth Parts of a Penny, by an Act of the last Sdlion of Parliament, was directed to be paid by the said United Company into the Receipt of the Exchequer on or before the Fifth Day of July, One thousand fevert hundred and seventy-two, to complete the whole of the Monies due to the Publick for making good to the Publick the Deficiency of the Duties on Tea for Four Years ended the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and also there shall be issued and paid unto the same Person or Persons the further Sum of Eighty-four thousand eight hundred and forty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Seven-pence and Two-filth Parts of a Penny, to satisfy and make good to the Publick the Deficiency of the Duties on Tea on the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, according to an Account made up and delivered to the Chairman of the said United Company, pursuant to the Directions of the said last mentioned Act; which said Sums of One hundred and seventeen thousand three hundred and fourteen Pounds One Shilling and T hree-pence, and Seven-twentieth Parts of a Penny, and Eighty-four thousand eight hundred and forty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Seven-pence, and Two-fifth Parts of a Penny, making together Two hundred and two thousand one hundred and fifty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten-pence Three Farthings, are intended to be and shall immediately be paid back into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, and shall be applied to the same Uses and Purposes, to which the Duties on Tea paid in there are applicable \ which Warrant or Warrants the said Commissioners of the Treasury, now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, is and are hereby authorised and required to make out accordingly.

Manner ia

VIII. And whereas there is due and payable from the said United Company to the Publick the

mainder'of the ^urt^er Sum Two hundred thousand rounds, and One hundred and sixty-nine thousand three granted hundred and ninety-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence, making together the Sum of fiull be allied. Three hundred and sixty-nine thousand three hundred and ninety-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence, pursuant to an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, For carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the East India Company, and the said Company being also greatly indebted to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for Monies borrowed for the Service of the said United Company; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds, as shall remain after the full Satisfaction and Payment of the Monies due and payable to His Majesty, for the Duties of Customs, Subsidies, and Impositions, aforesaid, and of the several Sums of One hundred and seventeen thousand three hundred fourteen Pounds One Shilling and Three-pence, and Seven-twentieth Parts of a Penny, and Eighty-four thousand eight hundred and forty-two Pounds eight Shillings and Seven-pence, and Two-fifth Parts of a Penny, also due from the said Company, to make good the Deficiency of the Duties o* Tea, as aforesaid, shall be applied in Manner following; that is to say. There shall be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds, in Parc of the Monies due and owing from the said United Company to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and all the Rest, Residue, and Remainder of the said Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds, after satisfying and paying al) and every the Sums herein-before directed to be paid thereout, shall remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for Supplying the before-mentioned Sums of Two hundred thousand Pounds, and One hundred and sixty-jfine thuufiiul three hundred and ninety-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence, making

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 64. 827

together the Sum of Three hundred and sixty-nine thousand three hundred and ninety-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence, due and payable from the said United Company to the Publick, pursuant to the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and shall be issued, paid, and applied, for and towards such of the publick Services as the said Sums of Two hundred thousand Pounds, and One hundred and sixty-nine thousand three hundred and ninety-eight Pounds,

Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence, are or may be applicable to, in the same Manner as if such Monies had been actually paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer by the said United Company, at the Times, and in the Manner, prescribed and directed by the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; which several Sums, so payable at the Exchequer purfant to this Act, shall be paid, clear of all Fees, Charges, or Gratuities whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company of How Difficulties Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, shall, upon the Payment of the several Sums herein-before directed to be made to the Receiver-general of His Majesty's Custom?, and charging the " into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, be fully exonerated, acquitted, and discharged against Company of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of all and every the Sums herein directed their said Debt?, to be paid, and that shall be paid pursuant theieto, and from all Writs, Actions, Suits, and Proceedings, for or on account of such Debts, or so much of the same as shall be satisfied by such Payments; and also of the Sum or Sums hereby intended to be paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the Bank of England, in respect of the Whole or such Part of the said United Company’s Debts as shall be so discharged; and that no Dispute or Difficulty may arise, for or on account of the Monies that shall or may be paid to the Bank of England, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, in pursuance of this Act, a Certificate shall be made forth, ascertaining the Amount of the Sum or Sums so paid, and the Day of Payment of the fa nc, which shall be signed by the Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, the Clerk of the Pells, and the Teller or Tellers who paid the same; and in the Absence of those Officers, or either of them, by the Deputy or Deputies of such absent Officer or Officers attending at the said Receipt at the Time of Payment of such Monies; and such Certificate shall be made iorth and signed without Fee or Charge, and shall be good and sufficient Evidence in Law against the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for and in- respect of such Sum or Sums so paid in Satisfaction or Diminution of the Debt of Debts due to the Bank of England from the said United Company.

X. And whereas by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, ActrGcs. IH. An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight on all Black and Singlo Teas con-

fumed in Great Britain; and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America* for a limited Time, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned \ for permitting the Exportation of Teas in smaller Quantities than One Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in America; and for preventing Teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain y it is enacted, That in case the said United Company, or their Successors, should make Failure in any of the Payments directed by the said Act to be made into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, in the Manner, Or on or before the respective Times therein limited for that Purpose; that then, as often as the Case should happen, the Money, whereof such Failure in Payment should be made, should be recovered to His Majesty's Use, in the Manner therein mentioned; and that there should be further recovered to His Majesty's Use, against the said United Company, Damages after the Rate of Twelve Pounds per Centum per Annnm% for the respective Monies so unpaid, contrary to the said Act, with full Costs of Suit; and the said United Company, and their Successors, and all their Stock, Funds, and all other their Estate and Property whatsoever and wheresoever, are thereby made subject and liable to the Payment of such Monies, Damages, and Colls.

XI. And whereas by another Act of Parliament passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His pre- Act Cc0 IIT< sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the East India Com- 9 pany for the Payment of the annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds for a limited Timey in respect of tie Territorial Acquisitior.s and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, it is enabled. That the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, should advance and pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for His Majesty's Use, the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, for and during the Term of Five Years, to be computed from the First Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, by Half-yearly Payments of Two hundred thousand Pounds cnch, which Payments are directed to be paid at the Times therein mentioned: And in case the said United Company should make Failure in any of the said Payments thereby directest to be made into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, on or before the respective Times therein limited; that then, and as often as the Case should happen, the Money whereof such Failure in Payment should be made-, should and might be recovered to His Majesty's Use, in the Manner therein mentiored; and that there should be further recovered to His Majesty's Use against the said United Corppany, Damages after thj Rate of Fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum* for the Monies so unpaid* contrary to the said Act, together with Full Costs of Suit; ani the said United Company, and their Successors,; nd all their Stock, Funds, and all other thftr Estates and Property whatsoever, a;e thereby made liable to the Payment of all such Monies, Damages, and Costs.

XII. And whereas the several Deficiencies of the Duties upon Tea, and also of the said annual of ,*nt

Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, whereof any Failure of Payment hath been made by the said mrmiune^'tht

United Company fluU

828 C. 64. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

be indemnified United Company, will be paid and made good to the Publick, under the Provisions of this present Act; giinft Damage* and it is expedient, in the present Situation of the said United Company's Affairs, that they should be m tuc uid Acti# indemnified against all Damages which may have been incurred, or which may be recoverable against them, under either of the said last-recited Acts, by Means of their Failure in making such Payments at the Times therein respectively prescribed and directed; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Payment into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of the federal Sums of Money herein-before directed to be paid, in Discharge of the several principal Sums due from the said United Company, under the said recited Acts, or either of them, the said United Company, and their Successors, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, from thenceforth fully and absolutely freed, exonerated, and discharged, of and from all Damages and Costs which they the said United Company mav have incurred, or which may be recoverable against them, by means or on account of any Failure in Paym^Vit of any of the said principal Sums respectively, by the said recited Acts, or either of them, directed to be paid, as therein mentioned.

Application of

XIII. And whereas, in the present Circumftftnces of the East India Company, it will not be in their the Company of Power to provide for the Repayment of such Loan as aforesaid, and for establishing their Affairs upon till their Debt a more secure Foundation for the Time to come, unless the Publick should agree to forego, for the probe reduced. sent, all Participation in the Profirs arising from th*e territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Andies, in order that Provision be made by Parliament for applying as well the wffiole of the Profits arising from the said territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, as all the Revenue and Profits of the Conrpany, after providing for certain necessary Payments and Deductions to be made thereout, to the Repayment'Of the said Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds, and to the Reduction of the Company’s Bond Debt; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until the said Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds shall have been repaid, and the Bond Debt of the Lid Company be reduced to the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, the whole clear Profits arising from the said territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, after defraying the Charges and, Expences attending the same, together with all the clear Revenue and Profits of the said Company, after providing for the current Payments of interest, and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences of the said Company, shall, from Time to Time, be disposed of and applied in Manner following; that is to say^ Until the whole of the Money so advanced and applied as afore-f a id shall have been repaid, it shall and may be lawful, out of the said clear Revenues and, Profits, to set apart and apply, in the first Place, such Sum as may be sufficient for answering a Dividend to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, not exceeding the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Capital Stock of the said Company, and all the Surplus of the said dear Revenues and Profits shall be applied in Diminution of the said Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be remaining unpaid, and for defraying the Charges incurred in respect thereof; and after the Repayment of the whole of the Money so advanced and applied as aforesaid, and until the Bond Debt of the said Company shall be reduced to the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, it shall and may be lawful, in like Manner, to set apart and apply, in the First Place, out of the said clear Revenues and Profits, such Sum as may be sufficient for answering a Dividend not exceeding the Rate of Seven Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Capital Stock of the said Company; after which, all the Surplus of the said clear Revenues and Profits shall be applied in reducing the Bond Debt of the said Company.

Sufplu^ffficir^

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until the said Sum of One million be applet^i»C l° ^our hundred thousand Pounds, so advanced as aforesaid, shall have been repaid, the said United Com-Diminutioa of pany shall, from Time to Time, pay, or cause to be paid, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exche--their Debt. quer, by Half-yearly Payments, such Surplus of the clear Revenue and Profits of the Company as is

herein-before directed to be applied in Diminution of the said Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be remaining unpaid, and for defraying the Charges incurred in respect thereof, to be applied, in the first Place, for answering and paying all such Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, as shall have grown due in respect of the Exchequer Bills made out, issued, and circulated, as aforesaid; and in the next Place, as far as the same will extend, for paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such of the said Exchequer Bills as shall then remain uncancelled. 'Sraternent* of

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance of this lleh^tTbe* Act, the said United Company do, and they are hereby directed and required, to cause to be made up, made u? etery Half-yearly, with as much Accuracy as the Nature of the Case will admit, a Statement or Account of Hall Year. the Profit and Loss upon the whole of the Trade and Revenues of the said Company, together with a State of the Debts of the said Company in England, exclusive of their Bond Debt, to the First Day of March and the First Day of September, in every Year; the First of such Statements or'Accounts to be made up from the Fiift Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, to the First Day of March, One thousand itven hundred and seventy-four; and to transmit such Statement or Account, fairly written, and signeil by Two or more of the Directors of the said United Company, within Twenty-one Days a.*er the Day to which such Statement or Account shall be made up respectively, to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time

Company shall being.

not bind thfro-

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this kf Exchan*1/113 Act* and until the said Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds shall be repaid, it shall not r/.tiiouAh?* be lawful for the said United Company, or their Successors, or any of their Officers or Servants on their Cop lent of the Account, to accept, or otherwise bind the said Company, or their Successors, for the Payment of any

'll calory,., Bill

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 64. 829

Bill or Bills of Exchange drawn by any of their Officers or Servants at any of their Presidencies in the East Indies, for any Sum exceeding the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, exclusive of Certificates to the Amount of Five thousand Pounds to the Commanders and Officers of each of the Company’s Ships, in the Space of any One Year, without the Consent or Order fir if hid and obtained of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now and for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or of the High Treasurer for the Time being, who are hereby respectively authorised to give such Consent, or to make such Order thereon, as they shall judge expedient; and every Acceptance or Engagement made, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Term of Two Years, Atmmnt ef to be computed from the Twenty-minth Day of September^ One thousand seven hundred and seventy- Merchandrfr three, the said United Company, or their Successors, shall, and are hereby required, to export from Great Britain, in each and every Year, during such Term, to the British Settlements, within the Limits b^thTocm-prefenbed by the said Company’* Charter for their carrying on an exclusive Trade in the East Indies} piny, or elsewhere, upon the Account of the said Company, or iheir Successors, in their Course of Trade, exclusive of what may be exported by their Servants or Private Traders, licensed by the said Company* or their Successors, such Goods and Merchandises of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, as shall amount in Value to the Sum of Three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven Pounds, in each and every such Year; but the Amount of the Value of the Military and Naval Stores so exported shall not be esteemed or reckoned as Part of the said Sum of Three hundred eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven Pounds per Annum \ and the said Company, Security to be or their Successors, shall, on or before the First Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy- S'ven to the /our^ and on or before the First Day of June* One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five,

-give Security, by Bond, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, under the Common Seal of portion the said Company, or of their Successors, in the penal Sum of Double the said Sum of Three hundred thereof, eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven Pounds, for the due Exportation of the said Goods and Merchandises annually, to the Amount of the said Sum of Three hundred eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven rounds, according to the real Value of such Goods and Merchandises in this Kingdom at the Time of such Exportation, or of the Purchase thereof, by Or on the Behalf of the said Company, or their Successors; which Security the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, for the Tirr e being, or any Three or more of such Commissioners, is or are hereby authorised to take; and the said Company, or their Successors, shall, on or before the Thirty-first:

Day of October> One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and on or before the Thirty-first Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, deliver to the said High Treasurer, or Commissioners, an Account, in Writing, signed by Two or more of the Directors of the said Company for the Time being, specifying the particular Goods and Merchandises which shall have been so exported in every such Year, in pursuance of and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, with the said true and real Values of such Goods and Merchandises, With the Names of the Ships in which the same were respectively so exported; and which Account shall be verified, on Oath, made before any One Justice of the Peace, (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), by the proper Officers or Servants of the said Company, or their Successors, who shall keep their Books for the Entry of Goods outwards, to the best of their Knowledge; and if it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the said High Treasurer, or Commissioners, that Goods and Merchandises shall have been, agreeably to the Directions of this Act, exported as aforesaid in the respective Year, in relation where to each Bond shall have been so given, then, in each and every such Case, the said High Treasurer, or Commissioners, shall cause such Bond to be delivered up; but in case no such Account shall be delivered as herein-before mentioned, or if it shall appear that the said Goods and Merchandises exported within the Term mentioned in any such Bond shall not have amounted to such Value as aforesaid, or that any such Account shall appear not to be truly made, it shall and may be lawful for the said High Treasurer, or Commissioners, to cause each and every such Bond to be prosecuted according to Law, unless be or they shall find sufficient Cause to forbear the same.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Com- Excess in One pany or their Successors (nail, in any One of the said Two Years export, or cause to be exported, such to be allowed m Goods and Merchandises of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, exceeding in ^c,u«cding Value the Sum of Three hundred eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven Pounds; then, and Year* in such Case, the said Excess shall, from Time to Time, be taken into the Account of the Exports of such Goods and Merchandises by the said Company, or their Successors, in and for the next succeeding Year and shall be allowed and considered as Part thereof.

830 C. 65,-67. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for explaining Two Acts made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, in relation to the, Stamp-dudes upon Newspapers.

[Preamble.]

Act 11 Geo. I. and Act 30 Geo. II. recited.

Dvtiei of the before-recited Acts continued by this Act.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, after reciting, amongst other Things, that the Authors or Printers of federal Journals, Mercuries, and other Newspapers, did, with an Intent to defeat the Payments of the Duties therein mentioned, and in Defraud of the Crown, so contrive as to print their said Journals and Newspapers on One Sheet and a Half Sheet of Paper each, and by that Means they did neither pay the Duties of One Penny for each Sheet, nor a Halfpenny for the Half Sheet, as by Law they ought to have done, but entered them as Pamphlets, and paid only Three Shillings for each Impression thereof, whereby His Majesty had been much injured in his Revenue, and the Printers of other Newspapers, who did regularly pay the said Duties, were great Sufferers; it was enacted and declared, That such Journals, Mercuries, and Newspapers, so printed on One Sheet and Half Sheet of Paper, should not, for the future, be deemed or taken as Pamphlets to be entered, and to pay only Three Shillings for each Impression thereof: And it was also further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of Aprils One thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, the following Duties should be paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon every Journal, Mercury, or other publick Newspapers, which should be printed and published in Great Britain; that is to say. For every Sheet of Paper on which any Journal, Mercury, or other Newspapers whatsoever, should be printed, a Duty of One Penny Sterling! and for every Half Sheet thereof the Sum of One Halfpenny Sterling; as by the said recited Act, relation being thereunto had, may more fully and at large appear: And whereas by another Act of Parliament, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, an additional Duty of One Halfpenny was imposed upon every Newspaper, or Paper containing publick News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made publick, whether the same be contained in Half a Sheet, or any less Piece of Paper, or in any Paper larger than Half a Sheet, and not exceeding One whole Sheet, over and above all other Rates and Duties: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Journals, Mercuries, Chronicles, or other Newspapers, printed on more than on One Sheet and a Half of Paper, might not be entered as Pamphlets, and pay only Three Shillings for each Impression thereof, instead of the Duty chargeable on every Sheet of each Copy thereof; and certain Printers and Publishers of Journals, Mercuries, Chronicles, and other Newspapers, have increased the Number of Sheets on which the same have been printed, with an latent to evade the Payment of the said Duties, and in fraud of His Majestir's Revenue:' For Remedy whereof, be it nafted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of he Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said herein-before recited Acts of Parliament, and the Duties thereby granted on Journals, Mercuries, and other publick Newspapers, were meant and intended, and do accordingly extend to, and charge with the said Duties respectively, every Sheet, and every Half Sheet of Paper, on which any Journal, Mercury, Chronicle, or other publick Newspaper, or Paper containing publick News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, were or shall be printed, whether such Journals, Mercuries, Chronicles, or other publick Newspapers, or Papers containing publick News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, were-or shall be contained in a greater or less Number of Sheets or Half Sheets of Paper; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any other Act of Parliament, to the Contrary, thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for laying an additional Duty on Paper printed, painted, or stained, in foreign Parts, imported into this Kingdom.

Prcjir.i]?. € 'XT 7 H F. REAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King Edward Act 3 EJw.IV. the Foutth, (intituled. Certain Alerchondf s not lawful to be brought rea Jy-wrought into this Realm), amongst several other Articles therein mentioned, any painted Wares are prohibited to be brought into t! is R'*alm, to be uttered and fold within the same; and by another Act made in the Act 1 Ric, III. 4 First Year of the Reign of King Richard the Thi<d, (intituled. Certain Merchandises prohibited to be bt ought ready 1Wrought into this Realm); it is, amongst other Things, ordained and provided, That no Merchant Stranger shall bring into this Realm to be sold any Manner of painted Papers: And whereas notwithstanding the said recited Acts, great Quantities of Paper painted in foreign Parts have been

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 68. 831

been clandestinely brought and imported into this Kingdom, and privately run on Shore and fold here; and there is great Reason to believe that several Parcels of such painted Paper, which, upon Importation, have been entered for private Use, and paid the Duties imposed by Law upon painted Paper so imported, have nevertheless afterwards been fold and disposed of in this Kingdom, to the great Prejudice of the Paper Stainers and Artificers in that Branch of Business here: And whereas all Paper, printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, is liable to an additional Duty of One Penny Halfpenny for every Yard Square, which Duty is not chargeable upon the Importation of Paper,

printed, painted, or stained, iw foreign Parts; and it may tend to discourage the clandestine and illegal Importation and Sale of Foreign painted Paper, and to encourage the Manufacture of painted Paper in this Kingdom, if the Importation of such Paper to be sold here was permitted, (ubjedi to the like additional Duty as is charged upon such Paper, printed, painted, or stained, in this King lorn ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of Augifl^ One thousand seven hundred and After Au>uft, seventy-three, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to import into this 1773* Harcr. Kingdom, determined by way of Merchandise, and to utter and sell the same here, any Sort of Paper, printed, P'inted or painted, or stained, in foreign Parts; any Thing in the before-recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts c'?cd ori^M. to the Contrary notwithstanding. p

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Duty of One Day of Auviji, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, all Paper, printed, painted, or stained, Penny Hj,f: in foreign Parts, and imported info this Kingdom, over and above the Customs, Suhltdies, and Duties ^ny y!u!" already imposed thereupon, shall be charged with and liable to pay a further Duty of One Penny aliPPapcr un-Halfpenny for every Yard Square thereof, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of ported.

such Paper; which said additional Duty shall be raised, levied, and recovered, and paid by the same Rules and Regulations, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the former Duties payable upon the Importation of such Paper are by any Law now in Force, raised, levied, recovered, and paid; and the same shall be applied and appropriated to the same Uses and Purposes, and in the same Proportions, as the new Duties imposed upon painted Paper imported into this Kingdom, by Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, are applied and appropriated.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in Nottoextend f this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Paper with the additional affect the taft Duty by this Act granted, which shall be printed, painted, or stained, in the East Indies, and im-Ind" Company* ported from thence by the United Company of Merchants of England trading thither, or Persons

licensed by them; any Thing herein-before contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to impower the Magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture within their respective Jurisdictions.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it would be for the Benefit of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture, if the Magistrates were impowered to settle, between the Master Weavers and their Journeymen,

the Price of Labour in the several Branches of the said Manufacture ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, the Wages and Prices for Work of the Journeymen Weavers within the City of London shall be settled, regulated,

, and declared, by the Lord Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen, of the said City; and in all Places in the County of Middlesex, by the Justices of the Peace for the said County; and in all Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden in and for the said City and Liberty; and in all Places within the Liberty of the Tower of London, at the General Quarter Sessions of the reace ho!den in and for the said Liberty, at their General Quarter Sessions of th Peace respectively; and the Lord Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen, of the City of London,^ and the said Justices of the Peace are hereby respectively authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, upon Application being made to them for that Purpose, to settle, regulate, order, and declare, the Wages and Prices of Work of the Journeymen Weavers working within their respective Jurisdictions as aforesaid; and shall and may, within the Space of Fourteen Days next after the making every such Order, cause* the same to be printed and published, at the reasonable Expence of the Person or Persons applying for the same, Three Times, in any Two daily Newspapers published in London or Westminster; which Publication shall be deemed and allowed to be sufficient Notice and Publication thereof; and from and after Publication thereof, all Weavers, and their Journeymen, are hereby strictly required to observe the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That if after the said First Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, any Master Weaver, within either of the aforesaid Districts, shall give more or less Wages, or pay larger or less Prices, to any of the Journeymen Weavers aforesaid, for their Work, than shall b.e settled or allowed as aforesaid, and shall be convicted of the said Offences before any

After July t, 1733, Wages of Journeymen Weavers within London to be settled by the Lord Mayor, &c.

and in Middlesex and Wvft.rwnfter, See by the juf-tices of the Peace.

Orders to be published mTwo News papers Three Times, at the Expence of ' ersons applying for the same. Master Weaver! giving more or less Wages thin shall be (ettled, as atoiela d, on Conviction, to forfeit 50l.

832 C. 68.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

te >ally how to Dc applied.

oarneymen

Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, within either of the Distri£h or Jurisdictions aforesaid* where the said Offence shall be committed, on the Oath or Oaths of One or more crediblel Witness or Witnesses, he shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’i Goods; and the said Penalty, when recovered, shall be paid into the Hands of the Matter of the Weavers Company, first deducting the Expence of such Prosecution, to be distributed by him* in Conjun£lion with the Wardens of the said Company, to any distressed Journeymen Weavers* or their Families, who shall have been last employed in either of the aforesaid Jurisdictions, at their Discretion.

caversukin And be it further enacted, That if any Journeyman Weaver or Weavers within the Districts

...rr^ng aforesaid, shall ask, receive, or take more or less Wages, or larger or less Prices for their Work than Wa^ej than shall shall be settled by the respective Quarter-sessions, as aforesaid 5 or shall enter into any Combination to be ictdcJ, or cn* raise the Wages or Prices of the said Work, or for this Purpose shall dccov, solicit, or intimidate* »nto Com- any Journeyman' or Journeymen Weavers within the Districts aforesaid, so that he or they ibiiTioncit4C8 c,u’t tile*r Rafters, for w^om ^cy shall then be employed; or shall assemble themselves in any Num-Uil 1 1 4 bers exceeding the Number of Ten, in order to frame or deliver Petitions or other Representations* touching their Wages or Prices of Work, except to the said Justices of the Peace, or to the Lord Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen, of, the City of London, at their respective Quarter-sessions, and shall be convicted of any of the said Offences, on the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, within either of the Distri&s or Jurisdictions aforesaid where the Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit a Sum not extend ties not fee- ceeding Forty Shillings: And if the said Forfeiture be notdmmediately paid, it shall and may be law-in " imnv:d?ately ful for the Justices to commit the said Offender to the House of Correction, to hard Labour, for any pa.d, o.Tenders7 Time not exceeding Three Months; the said Forfeiture, when recovered, to be applied in the same to be comm tted. Manner as the Forfeiture of Fifty Pounds aforementioned.

, rt; ~ " Q,f_

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace*

within the Limits and Jurisdictions aforesaid, on Information upon Oath made before them by any Person or Persons whatsoever, that there is Reason to suspect that any Master or journeyman Weaver* within the Distri&s or Jurisdictions aforesaid, hath been guilty of any of the Offences aforesaid, at Request of such Informant, to issue their Summons, in Writing, signed by any such Two Justices* requiring any Clerk, Foreman, Apprentice, Servant, or other Person or Persons employed or retained by such Person so suspected to have offended, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, whose Attendance shall appear^necessary for the Purpose of giving Evidence in the Premises, to attend and testify f«r^sJCwt18 concerning the Premises: And if any Person so summoned shall not attend, and Proof shall be made

of the Service of such Summons, either personally, or by leaving the same at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Person, it shall be lawful for such Two Justices, or any other Two Justices of the Peace acting for such County or Place, and they are hereby required (unless a reasonable Excuse be made for such Nonattendance to the Satisfaction of such Justices) to issue their Warrant, under or attend ngtnd their Hands and Seals, for the apprehending and bringing him or her before them, or some other Two refuting to be or more Justices of the Peace acting for such County or Place, to be examined touching the Premises; examined, may and if any such Person so attending, or being brought before such Justices, shall refuse to be exa-be commuted. mined or give their Testimony touching the Premises, such Person shall by the said Justices be committed to the House of Correction for One Month, there to remain, unless he or she shall sooner submic to be examined and give Testimony, as the Law requires wuhm the Li"* V. And be it further enacted, That if any Master Weaver residing within the Limits aforesaid* m.t?'employing shall, directly or indirectly, in any Manner whatsoever, retain or employ any Journeyman Weaver journeymen be- out of or beyond the Limits aforesaid, with Intent or Design to elude or evade tbiis Act, or shall give*, ynndthe Limit*, allow, or pay, or cause to be given, allowed, or paid, to such Journeyman, any more or less Wages withDcfignm than (ha|| settled, as aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Filty to forfeitP°unds > to be sued for by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster *\ ° wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of bttw, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed,

Fo f i rc how an<* wherein the Ordinary Costs of the Suit shall be paid; One Moiety of which said Forfeiture, when to°bc app"ed.°W recovered, shall belong and be paid to His Majesty and His Successors, and the other Moiety to the Perton who shall sue for the same.

Not to fix the

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or ages o ore- construed to extend, to fix, controul, or regulate, the Wages or Allowances to be paid to Servants Na SilkWrmrs in the said Business of a Weaver, bona sids retained and employed as Foremen.

refilling within

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the pa fling of this

the Dutrifts Ac t, no Person or Persons, being Silk Weavers, residing within the Districts aforesaid, shall have in

aforesaid to have |,js or the[r Service at any One Time more than Two Apprentices, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Apprentices -tx* Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and One Time, un hr Chattels, upon Conviction, on the Oath or Odths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, fenUry c f 2c l. before Two Justices of the Peace within either of the Ju ril'd let ions aforesaid where the said Offence i enaity -ob: Avail be committed; and the said Penalty, when recovered, shall be paid into the Hands of the Master

;,plica as afore- of the W

cavers Company, to be applied by him, as aforeuiii, and the said Justices are hereby authori-ftd and required to discharge every such Apprentice or Apprentices exceeding the Number of Two. terfinsconvict-

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person con-luiiC/sCC \W° v*:T*d before any Two Justices of the Peace, as before mentioned, to appeal to the Justices of the appeal*to the^ Peace alLmbled at the next General Quarter Sessions, or General Sessions to be held for the County, beflions. City,

Justices, on Suspicion of Offences committed, may iiTuc Sutnmonfes nc-ceirary for Evidence.

to attend, Justices miy issue their Warrant$

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 69 - 71. 833

City, or Place, wherein such Conviction shall be made, giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justices for being personally present at such Ge- Determination neral Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, and for prosecuting the said Appeal with Effect, and abiding of justicet shall the Judgment of the Court; and such Justices, in such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, be final, shall finally hear and determine the Matter, and shall have Power to award reasonable Costs to either c^nf,c]*onri Party as to them shall seem just; and if such Conviction shall be affirmed at such General Quarter Sef- te/^ffioni^AoT lions or General Sessions, such Appellant shall be committed to Prison for the Time specified in the peUnt mn/bc find Conviction, and until Payment of the Costs so to be awarded. committed-

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action shall be Limitation of brought ag iinft any Justice of the Peace, Constable, Headborough, or other Officer, or against any Adioas. other Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Matter or Thing whatsoever done or committed, under,

by virtue, or in the Execution of this Act, unless such Action shall be brought within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing of such Matter or Thing.

X. Provided also, That if any Action or Suit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted against any Per foil or Persons, for any Thing done under, by virtue, or in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evi- General Issue. dence; and if the Plaintiff' shall become nonsuited, or suffer Discontinuance, or forbear further Prosecution, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, such Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their full Costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have like Remedy as in *uflCoft,# Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

---

[Publick Act.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed to be a Publick Act in all Courts within this Kingdom; and all Judges and Justices of the Peace are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America for a limited Time.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portugal; and for charging a higher Duty upon Culm exported thither in Foreign Shipping.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing the Gold Coin in this Kingdom.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the preventing the Currency of clipped and unlawfully diminished and counterfeit Money is a more effectual Means to preserve the Coin of this Kingdom entire and pure, than the most rigorous Laws for the Punishment of such as diminish or counterfeit the same: And whereas, by the known Laws of this Kingdom, no Person ought to pay, or knowingly tender in Payment, any counterfeit or unlawfully diminished Money, and all Persons may not only refuse the same, but may, and by the ancient Statutes and Ordinances of this Kingdom have been required to destroy and deface the same, and more particularly the Tellers in the Receipt of the Exchequer, by their Duty and Oath of Office, are required to receive no Money but good and true; and to the End the same might be the better discerned and known by the ancient Course of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, all Money ought to be received there by Weight as well as Tale:

[Act 9 & 10 Gul. III.]

And whereas, by an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, (intituled, An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing the Coin of this Kingdom), Provisions are made for preventing the Currency of clipped and counterfeit Silver Money, but respecting the Gold Money no Provision is thereby made;' be it declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Persons to whom Gold Money shall be tendered, diminished otherwise than by reasonable wearing, or appearing to be counterfeit, may cut or deface such Money.]

That it is and shall be lawful to and for any Person to whom any Gold Money shall be tendered, any Piece Or Pieces whereof shall be diminished otherwise than by reasonable wearing, or that by the Stamp, Impression, Colour, or Weight thereof, he shall suspect to be counterfeit, to cut, break, or deface, such Piece or Pieces; and if any Piece so cut, broken, or defaced, shall appear to be diminished (otherwise than by reasonable wearing) or counterfeit, the Person tendering the same shall bear the Loss thereof; but if the same shall be of due Weight, and appear to be lawful Money, the Person that cut, broke, or defaced the same, shall, and is hereby required to take and receive the same at the Rate it was coined for;

[Disputes to be finally determined by Mayors, &c. in Cities, and by any Jus]

and if any Question or Dispute shall arise, whether the Piece so cut be counterfeit or diminished, in Manner aforesaid, it shall be heard and finally determined by the Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other Chief Officer, of any City or Town Corporate, where such Tender shall be made; and if such Tender shall be made out

834. C. 72. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

[tice of the County where such Tender shall be made; who may administer Oaths.]

of any City or Town Corporate, then by some Justice of the Peace of the County inhabiting or being near the place where such Tender shall be made; and the said Mayor, or other Chief Officer, and Justice of the Peace, shall have full Power and Authority to administer an Oath, as he shall see convenient, to any Person for the determining any Questions relating to the said Piece.

[Tellers of the Exchequer are to cut or deface Gold Money unlawfully diminished.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Tellers at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and their Deputies and Clerks, shall, and they are hereby required, to cut, break, or deface, or cause to be cut, broken, or defaced, every Piece of counterfeit or unlawfully diminished Gold Money that shall be tendered in Payment to them, to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or for or in respect of any Part of the Revenue, Aids, Impositions, Duties, or Taxes, of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors: And the better to discover Gold Money that is counterfeit, or unlawfully diminished, from that which is good and true, the said Tellers, and their respective Deputies and Clerks, shall weigh in whole Sums, or otherwise, all Gold Money by them received; and if the same, or any Piece thereof, shall, by the Weight, or otherwise, appear to be counterfeit, or unlawfully diminished, the same shall not be received by or from them, in the said Receipt of the Exchequer, nor be allowed them upon their respective Accounts.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to permit the free Importation of Cod Fish, Ling, and Hake, caught and cured in Chaleur Bay, or any other Part of the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Coast of Labrador.

---

[Preamble. Act 2 & 3 Annae.]

'WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her late

Majesty Queen Anne, (intituled, An Act for the better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt), Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake, caught and cured at Newfoundland, or Ireland, are permitted to be imported, brought in, or landed, under certain Restrictions and Regulations therein particularly mentioned: And whereas it may tend to the Increase of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, if the like Permission were granted of importing and bringing in Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake,

caught and cured in Chaleur Bay, or any other Part 0? the Gulph of 5 tint Lawrence, or on the Coast of Labrador \ may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

After pdfing That and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to import, bring in, in British-this Act, all od bujjt Vessels, navigated according to Law, and subject to the Rules prescribed in an Act of the Hake, cau* ht in Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King JFiHiam the Third, (intituled An Chaleur Bay, Ad to encourage the Trade to Newfoundland,), and to land in Great Britain, all Cod Fish, Ling, and &c. may be im-Hake, caught and cured in Chaleur Bay, o^ any other Part of the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the pored, subject Coast of Labrador, so as Oath be fi ft made before the Landing thereof, by the Owner or Proprietor of such Fish, or the Master of the Vessel bringing the same, before the Officer for the Duties on Salt, in the Port or Place where such Fish shall be imported or brought in, (who is hereby required to administer the same without Fee or Charge), that all the Fish so imported or brought in can e from the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or the Coast of Labrador, and were caught and cured there; and so as the said Fish be, at the Landing thereof, and before the same be removed from the Shore, ten-Fifti brought* in dered to *hc Officer of the Port or Place, for the said Duties, to have Part of the Tail of every such cure from the Cod Fish, Ling, or Hike, cut off, that no Allowance for such Fish may be obtained upon Exporta-GuphofSt. ton; and the said Officer is hereby im powered and required to cut off Part of the Tail of all such Lawrmce, &c. Fish on the Landing thereof: And in case any such Fiffi shall be landed or removed from the Shore Penalty on re- before the same shall be tendered to the Officer, to have Part of the Tail cut, as aforesaid, all the troro^hcShore Fish *rllPr>rte^ ar*d landed shall be forfeited, and Double the Value thereof, to be recovered of the before tendered Importer, Proprietor, or Matter of the Veil’d.

to the Rules in Act 10 & 11 Gul. III.

Oath being made by the Matter of the

*to the Officer.

The Matter of

II. And whereas, in the curing of Cod Fish, Ling, and Hake, confnlerable Quantities of Salt are FT?ycycffnKw,thnece^ri!V' thrown over them, when shipped, to preserve them from spoiling, and a ereat Part thereof fiomNewfound-°‘^ *n unloading the VdTel, and it hath been too common a Pradic* for the Owner or Matter land, nc. tode of the Veil'd, and People belonging thereto, to collect such loose and foul Salt together, and clan-froy all the fouldeftin ly convey it on Shore, and fell it at an under Price, whereby His Majesty's Rev:nue has been Salt onbrard, mConsiderably injured; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the t Sah Officer? Master of every Vessel laden with Ced Fish, Ling, or Hike, either coming f om Newfoundland, the North Seas, or Ireland\ or the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or the Coast of Labrador, into any Port or Place in Great Britain, shall, and is hereby required to throw, or cause to be thrown, overboard, and destroyed, all the Salt that shall so fall off, or be in the Vessel, at the Time of the unloading or landing of all or any Part of her Cargo, In the Presence of an Officer for the Duties on Salt; and if the Master of such Vessel shall neglect or refuse so to do, it shall and may be lawful to and for Penalty on Re- th? Salt Officer on Board, by himself, or with such Assistance as may be necessary, to throw all md fu^i oi Neglect, every Part thereof overboard, or other wise destroy the same, and the Master, for such Neglect or 20Refuial, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and Costs j arvd if any such Salt shall be landed or

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 73. 835

run on Shore, the same,: and every Part thereof, shall be forfeited, and Treble the Value thereof;

and all and every Person and Persons in whose Custody the same shall be found, and all and every £rw’10'e

Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be aiding or assisting in the Landing or Running thereof, s "lt>°ity f",nd

shall forfeit the like Sum of Twenty Pounds, and Costs; One Moiety of ail which Forfeitures shall tc/t0 fOIfe.t ’

be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or 10i

Officers who shall seize; prosecute, or inform for the same; to be recovered and levied in such Man- Forfei-urt. how

ner and Form, and with such Power of Mitigation, as any Fine, Forfeiture, or Penalty, is or may t0be»ppl»ed*

be recovered by any Law or Laws of Excite, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in

---

any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandises; for granting certain Duties to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island into any other British Colony, and for allowing Timber and Wood to be exported from the said Island of Dominica into any other of the British lilands, Colonies, or Plantations in America, for a limited Time.

[Preamble. Act 6 Geo. III.]

---

'WHEREAS an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandises; for granting certain Duties to defray the Expences of openings maintaining^ securing, and improving, such Ports $ for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island into any other British Colony)y which was to continue in Force until the First Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, hath been found useful and beneficial, and would become more so if it was continued, altered, and amended ? may it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi- present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority forthfr cond-of the same,

[

That the said Act, and every Thing therein contained, (except so much thereof as is nued till Nov. by this Act. altered and amended), shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the First i, 1780.

Day of November, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and eighty, exccPl what re- and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, (except what relates to the said Ja*w Island of Jamaica), which shall have Continuance only until the First Day of November, One thou- only tin"* land seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Nov. 1, 1774. Parliament. After Nov 1

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of ,77? Cocoa^nd November, in the present Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, any Cooa and Coffee, Cofoe, or the either in or out of the Husk, being the Growth and Produce of the said Island of Dominica, may be Produce of Po-imported into Great Britain under Certificate, in like Manner, and under such Securities, Regulations, J"ioica>&c* and Restrictions, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, as Sugar and Rum, the Growth and al^ch Regu- Produce of the said Island, are allowed by the said Act to be imported into Great Britain; and that lmo, as Su^xr from and after the said First Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three. any and Rum from Coffee in the H»jfk. being of the Growth and Produce of any other of His Majesty's Colonies or said initld-Plantations in America, may be imported into Great Britain in British) built Ships, navigated according to Law, from any of the said Colonies or Plantations.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority afon said, Thnt a Deduction or Allow- An Allowance ance of One-seventh Part shall be made from and upon every One hundred Pounds Weight of all ihe'ioo b Coffee in the Husk, of the Growth and Produce of the said Island of Dominica, or of any other British wei*bt u> be* Colony or Plantation in America, which shall be from thence imported into Great Britain \ for made from all which Quantity, so deducted as aforesaid, no Custom or Duty of Excise shall be paid by the Importer Cofor in the

r Propri for thereof. Husk-mported,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Fit ft ^/p^able on Day of November, in the present Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, ihctbe Importation Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings, payable by the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign and Exportation of His present Majesty, for and upon every Negroe imported into the said Island of Dominica, ot Nog09 f‘\ani and upon every Negroe exported from the Lid Island of Jamaica, shall cease, determine, and be ^rojn.Uom, nu*J no longer paid or payable 5 and that, instead and in lieu of the said Duties, there shall be raised,aQ J*m*Ka*

8j6 C. 74. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

levied, collected, and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, a Duty of Two Shillings and sixpence for and upon every Negroe which shall be imported into the said Island of Dominica^ or which shall be brought into any Port, Harbour, or River, belonging to the said island, with an Intent to be landed, fold, or reshipped on Board any other Vessel there, in order to be carried into any other Colony or Place whatsoever; and also a Duty of Two: Shillings and Sixpence upon every Negroe which shall be exported from the said Island of Jamaica; which said respective Duties shall be deemed and taken to be Sterling Money of Great Britain, and shall be respectively received, raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, and shall be applied and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Duties, hereby repealed and taken off are by the said recited Act directed to be.received, raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, applied, and disposed of.

Timber of the

V. And whereas there are growing in the said Island of Dominica great Quantities of Timber and Growth of Do- Wood fit for building Sugar Mills and other Purposes: And whereas those Articles are frequently *7orted^idim- PLrcnakd by the Inhabitants of the other British Islands, Colonies, and Plantations in Americas frorn pmtVinto A-" Foreigners, at a great Expence; be it therefore further enadrd by the Authority aforesaid, That mcrica, subject from and after the said First Day of November, in the prefect Year One thousand seven hundred and to the Penalties seventy-three* any Timber or Wood of the Growth or Produce of the said Island of Dominica, may in Act 12 Car. W. be exported therefrom, and imported into, any o her of His Majesty's Islands, Colonies, or Plantations, in America, in any Ship or VefTd, British built, not having more than one Deck, and navigated according to Law, and landed therein, under such Securities, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned in an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An Act for encour.iging and in ere a flag of Shipping and Navigation),

until the First Day of November, One thousand liven hundred and seventy-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; the said herein first-recited Act;, or any other Act, Law, or Usage, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for the better ascertaining the Tonage and Burthen of Ships and Vessels importing and exporting Goods into and from this Kingdom, or hovering upon the Coasts thereof-, for amending so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the suing for the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted in the Court of Exchequer in Scet-land \ for appropriating the Duty on Oak Baric, granted by the said Act; and for obviating Doubts which have arisen with respect to the allowing the Drawback upon certain Callicoes and the Bounty upon 5r//{/fc-made Cordage exported to the Islands of Maderta, the Canary Islands, and the ^w^oe Western Islands.

[Preamble.]

Act 6 Geo. I.

Rule by which Ships are to be m afired for ascertaining the Tonage.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the publick Revenues of Excise, Cujhms, Stamp-duties, Post Office, and House Money, and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament, a Rule is prescribed for admeasuring of Ships and Vessels importing Brandy and other Spirits, and hovering upon the Coasts of this Kingdom with various Goods pro- hibited to be imported here; but no Rule being prescribed by Law for the admeasuring of Ships of Vessels exporting Spirits from Great Britain into foreign Parts, and in various other Cases where the Tonage and Burthen of Ships or Vessels, trading to and from (his Kingdom is necessary to be known and ascertained; and it being expedient that One certain Rule for this Purpose should be settled and established in all cases, to prevent any Disputes that may arise concerning the Tonage and Burthen of such Ships or Vessels,’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, the Tonage and Burthen of any Ship or Vessel importing or exporting Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors, or any other Goods whatsoever, into or from this Kingdom, or hovering upon the Coasts thereof, and where the Owner or Proprietor, or other Person, shall be intitled to any Bounty or Allowance, according to the Tonage of any Slip or Vessel, and in all other Cases whatsoever where the Tonage and Burthen of any Ship or Vessel shall be necessary to be ascertained an 1 known by any Act or Acts of Parliament made, or hcreifter to be made, cone rning the Revenues of Customs, Excise, or Salt Duty, the Rule for ad-ineafurin? such Ships or Vessels shall be as follows; 'that is to say. The Length shall be taken on a (freight Line along the Rabbet of the Keel of the Ship, from the Back of the Main Stern Post to a perpendicular Line from the Forepart of the Main Stern under the Bowsprit, from which substracting Three-hums of the Breadth, the Remainder shall be esteemed the just Length of the Keel to find the Tonage; and the Breadth shall be taken.from the Outside of the outside Plank, in the broadest Place of the Ship, be it eiiher above or below the Main Whales, exclusive of all Manner of doubling Planks that may be wrought upon the Sides of the Ship, then multiplying the Length of the Keel by

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 74. 837.

the Breadth so taken, and that Prod u ft by Half the Breadth, and dividing the Whole by Ninety-four, the Quotient shall be deemed the true Contents of the Tonage; according to which Rule the Tonage of all such Ships and Vessels shall be measured and ascertained, any Thing in the said recited Act of the Sixth of King George the First, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the Contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing Kot to alter tU herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make any Alteration in the Method of Method ofad-admeasuring Keels, Boats, and other Vessels, used in carrying Coals, pursuant to an Act, made in the measurm^Coal Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Ad- Vessel* > measurement of Keels and Keel Boats in the Port of Newcastle, and the Members thereto belonging: Pro- of Vefcl* vided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make any cloyed inti* Alteration in the Method of admeasuring any Buss or Vessel used in carrying on the White white Herring Herring Fishery, pursuant to the several Acts made for the Encouragement of the British White FUhery. Herring Fishery.

III. And whereas Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of an Act, made in the last Session of Actia Geo. xn« Parliament, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark jiball exceed a certain Kate, for a limited Time, whether Oak Bark, seized and condemned within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in pursuance of the said recited Act, and the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted, may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and by reason of such Doubts great Penaltiei for Frauds and Abuses may be committed: Now, for removing and putting an End to the same; be it Oak Bark feised enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Oak Bark which shall be seized and condemned Scotland"* within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in pursuance of the said recited Act, and all Of- may^e*ecovctet fences the same, and all Penalties and Forfeitures whatsoever thereby inflicted, shall and may in the Court of be respectively sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and applied, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland^ Exchequer there* by such Persons respectively, and in the same Manner, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Pur* y in Courts of poses, as they might in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in like Cases happening t

in that Part of Great Britain called England.

IV. And whereas the Duty of One Penny per Hundred Weight upon Oak Bark imported into this How the Duty Kingdom, which was granted by the said recited Act, is not appropriated by Parliament; be ic of d. perHun-therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies anting by the said Duty on dred rk Oak Bark, which was granted by the said recited Act, shall be accounted for by the several Officers so^rfed *nto of His Majesty's Customs, who shall collect and receive the same, to that Branch of the Customs this Kingdom it which is called The OldSuhfidy, and shall be applied and appropriated to the same Uses and Purposes as to be applied, other Monies anting by the said Branch of Customs are applied and appropriated by virtue of any Act of Parliament now in torce.

V. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Act 6 Geo. His Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations^ granted by several Acts of Parliament; and also the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, upon certain East India Goods extorted from Great Britain, and for granting other Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulatings and ft curing, several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That a Drawback or Allowance of the Duty paid in pursuance of that Act shall be repaid, according to the respective Rates and Values therein expressed, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom to Africa of certain printed Cailicocs of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or East India, in the said Act particularly numerated: And whereas by another Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting a Drawback of Part of the Customs upon the Exportation

of Tea to Ireland; and the British Dominions in America; for altering the Drawback upon Foreign Sugars exported from Great Britain to Ireland; for continuing the Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage1 for allowing the Importation of Rice from the British Plantations into the Ports of Bristol,

Liverpoole, Lancaster, and Whitehaven, for immediate Exportation to Foreign Parts; and to impower. the Chief Magi fir ate of any Corporation to administer the Oath, and grant the Certificate required by Law upon the Removal of certain Goods to London, which have been sent into the Country for Sale, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That no I minty shall be allowed for any Cordage which shall be exported, or entered for Exportation, to any Part of Asia, Africa, or America, the Isle of Man, or the Islands of Faro or Ferro: And whereas Doubts havcaiifen, whether the Islands of Madeira, apd the Azores or Western Islands, are to be deemed Part of Africa, within the Intention of these Acts; and there is Reason to believe that such Cailicocs have been, and may be entered for Exportation frQin this Kingdom to the said Islands of Madeira, i swell as to the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands, and afterwards clandestinely landed in the British Plantations in America; and that British-made Cordage entered for Exportation from this Kingdom to the said Madeira Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands, may be afterwards clandestinely landed in some Parts of Ajiay Africa, or America, whereby the good Purposes intended by the said recited Acts may be frustrated; for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of August, One Af Au uft f thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, the Drawback granted by the First recited Act, made in 1777, the?Draw-the Sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, upon the Exportation of the printed Callicoes therein men- back and Bounty tioned; and the Bounty by the last recited Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His Majesty's Reign, granted by the or by any other Act of Parliament upon the Exportation of Br/7//A-made Cordage, shall not be paid ,ec, tci

or allowed upon the Exportation of such Goods respectively from this Kingdom to the said Islands of Good*"

838 C. 75, 76. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

therein mention- Madeira, the Canary Islands, the Azores or Western Islands, or to any or either of them 5 any Thing in loJ^onfidd1* the said recited Acts, or any other Act, Usage or Custom, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Goods exported to Madeira, the Canary XAands, &c.

Penalty for ea-

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant or other Person tering.Catlieoes shall enter any such Callicoes or Cordage for Exportation to foreign Parts, other than to the said the^forefV0 Wan<^s3 *n order to obtain the Drawback or Bounty for the same, and such Goods shall nevertheless PartsatiTland* carried to the said Islands, or either of them, and landed there, contrary to the true Intent and iag them on laid Meaning of this Act; that then, and in every such Case, the Drawback or Bounty paid, or to be paid, Wands. for the lame shall be forfeited, and the Exporter of such Goods, and the Matter of the Ship or Vessel;

on Board which such Goods were loaded and exported, and every Person concerned or assisting in the Exportation or Landing thereof, shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Goods, and the Ship or r Vessel on Board which such Goods were loaden and exported, with all her Tackle, Furniture, and

Apparel, shall also be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer or Officers of the Customs in Great Britain \ and the several Penalties and Forfeitures herein-before mentioned shall and may be sued for and recovered, in such and the like Manner as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law of the Revenue of Customs may be sued for and recovered in this Kingdom; One Moiety of which Penalties and Forfeitures, after deducting the Charges of Prosecution, shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs Act r Aue. 1* as ^uc or Pr°fecute for the same.

ini»the*

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day Islands of Ma- of August, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, the said Islands of Madeira, the Canary deira, &c. to be Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands, shall be added to, and included in, the Oach upon all De-otk *°o^De- Ventures for such Callicoes and Cordage exported, whereon the Exporter is to swear that the same are Ventores°forcJ- not landed, or intended to be landed, in Great Britain or Ireland.

licoes and Cord* age exported.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for enabling John, Robert, ymms, and William to dispose of several Houfrs and Buildings in the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, and Mary le bon, in the County of MulA'ujex,

and other their Effefls, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be moil for the Bcnihe of themselves and Creditors.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purpol'es.

[Preamble.]

Act x8. Geo. H.

Act 2 Geo. III. Act 9 Geo. III.

All Justices, Deputy Li utenants, 6cc who /halt have omitted to register thfT Qualifica-fications, and before Dec. 25* 177^, Hiall regi Aer in Ma-."er required, shall be freed irom Pc* faltres for Q-uiiiT.on,

*WHEREAS divers Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of Militia, or 4 W others, who ought to have registered or delivered in their Qualifications, according to an Act,

made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

4. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Ma'jrjlys Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace; or according to ano- then Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain,

amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; or according to another Act,

made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and continuing an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His prefnt Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the raising and training th^Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, have through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident omitted to register, or deliver in their Qualifications as aforesaid, within such Time, and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts respectively, or by any other Act of Parliament in that Behalf made is required, whereby they have incurred, or may be in Danger of incurring, divers Penalties and Disabilities :* For quieting the Minds of His Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconveniencies that might otherwise happen by Means of such Omissions; be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others who, at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within such Time, anu in such Manner, as in and by the said Act, or any of them, or by any other Act of Parliament in that Be-nalf is required, and who hath or have, or who shall, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, register his or their Qualification, in Manner and Form as in and by the said in part recited Aftsx or any of them, are required, shall be, and tre hereby

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 77. Sjg

indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities, incurred, or to be incurred, for or by Reason of any Neglect or Omission, previous to the passing of this Act, for not registering his or their Qualification, according to the above-mentioned Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts; and such Person and Persons is and are, and shall be fully and actually recapacitated, and restored to the same State and Condition, as he or they were in before such Neglect: or Omission 5 and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him or themselves, according to the above-mentioned Acts, and every of them; and that all Acts done or to be done, by any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity, as the same, or any of them, would have been, if such Person or Persons respectively had registered his or their Qualification, according to the Direction of the said Acts, and every or any of them; any Thing in the said in part recited Acts, or any of them, to the Contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

11. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be con- N«e to t* strued to extend, to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgement shall have been given in any indemnify »«v Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Pe- aHal nalty incurred, by having neglected to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law, judgementflwdt

have been gives.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund t and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three *, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, and for paying to John Harrison a further Reward for his Invention of a Time-keeper for ascertaining the Longitude at Sea, and his Discovery of the Principles upon which the same was constructed.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of, Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to Your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Monies as shall, from Time to Time, be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, after paying, or reserving sufficient fh^Fund^for to pay, all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any foimer Act or Acts of Parliament to be the Semceof ' paid out of the same, there shall and may be issued and appled, for and towards making good the Sup- the current ply granted to His Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, Year 5 a Sum not exceeding Two millions three hundred forty-nine thousand eight hundred and six Pounds,

Twelve Shillings and Seven-pence Three Farthings; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea-

fury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time 1Ccordli^lyT

being, are or is hereby authorised and impowered to issueand apply the same accordingly.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of His Tre-ifary im- '

Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any T hree or more of them, or the High Trea p«w rtd toraift surer for the Time being, shall think it adviseable to rnife the said Sum of Two millions three hundred lhe^,d Sum» or forty-nine thousand *e ght hundred and six Pounds, Twelve Shillings and Seven-pence Three Farthings, ^b T.^lTor or any Part thereof, determined by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and Exciieq.i^'rfills, may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, on the C -dieof to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of

Money not exceeding the said Sum of Two millions three hundred forty-nine thousand eight hundred lund*

and six Pounds T welve Shillings and Seven-pence Tarce Farthings, upon the Credit of the said Sur-pluiTcs, Excelfes, and Overplus Monies, or other Revenues c. mpofing the Sinking Fund, and to have and receive Interest for the Forbearance of the Money lent, i’o as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, who are or is hereby authorised to issue his or their Warrants for that Purpose, as such Loans shall be wanted for the publick Service; and moreover, that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act shall be rated or afiefled to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall lend any Money All Pc/fonftvh#

upon the Credit of this Act, as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall frail lend any

immediately have a Tally of Loan (truck for the same, and an Order for his, her, or their Repayment p1c"e> £P°.n ii:e

bearing the same Date with his, her, or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a

Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, and to be paid every Three Months, sally'o* Lean*, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lent with Orders for shall be registered in Course, according to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person and Repayment of

5P2 Pei fobs Jhe with

Uo Cfc 7 t-

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Order* to be registered id Couxfct

Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall starid registered in the said Rogifttr Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the First Person or Persons to be paid out of the said Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, or other Revenues; and he, she, or they, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the Second Person to be paid, and so successively, and in Course; and that the Monies to come in, of or for the said Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, as aforesaid, shall be, in the same Order, liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, respectively, without any undue Preference of One before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or di-vertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than such Uses and Purposes as are appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, as aforesaid; and that no Fee, Re-fcituVof Treble war<*> or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of His Majesty's Sub-Dara»ge»> with jects> for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views, or Searches, in

or for Payment of Moiley lent, or the Interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of His Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of Treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also: And if any undue Preference of One before another shall be made, either in Point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full Costs of Suit, to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if any such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Di-rc&ion or Privity of his Matter, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Office or Place: And in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment upon such Orders, according to each PerfoiTs due Place and Order, as before directed j then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such Manner/as aforesaief; all which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, to be incurred by any the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Rreftraint, shall be in anywise granted or allowed.

IV. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Orders for Payment, as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered; then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all the same Day.,

No undue Preference to be given iq Payment.

No Fe* to.be

luUCofa.

Penalty of undue Preference in Point of Registry or Pay* menu

Auditor, &c. neglecting bit Duty, liable for Damages, &c.

to be recovered at Westminster.

No undue Preference in the Register ing, where Order* are brought the same Day)

nor If fubfo- V. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in paid*b^ortT* P°Jnt Payment, -if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the JTellers do pay

others not

brought m Cturfe,

so as Money be reservrd for the preceding Orders*

Power of Af-signment, and Method of transferring of Order*.

subsequent Orders, to Persons that come and demand their Monies, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did not come and take their Monies, and bring their Orders in Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy preceding Orders, which shall not he otherwise disposed of, but kept for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Aafter Order entered in Ihe Book of Register, as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by proper Words or Assignment, to be indorsed and written upon his, her, or their Order, may assign and transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order, to any other 5 which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register aforesaid for Orders, (which the Officers shall, upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make), shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may, in like Manner, assign again, and so toties quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, who hath or have made such Assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

, d rdm0TC

VII. And, to the End there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the

yifeable, the Whole the said Sum of Two millions three hundred forty-nine thousand eight hundred and six Pounds,

Treafjry may Twelve Shillings and Seven-pence Three Farthings, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills, as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for the Publick Service; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, now or for the Time bernjj, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of 7 wo millions three hundred forty-nine thousand eight hundred and six pounds, Twelve Shillings and Seven-pence Three Farthings, or any Parc thereof, by Exchequer Bills, iitstead of such Loans, as aforesaid,

Shat

If it stallbe

raise the said Sum by Exchequer Bills, io-ftcad cl Loan*;

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 77. 841

that then he or they respectively is, or are hereby authorised and impowered, at any Time or Times, to the Bill io such

prepare and make, or cause to be prepared or made, at the Exchequer, any Number of new Exchequer Case to be ma te

bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum of Two millions t^ofehprVlr;h*

three hundred forty mine thousand eight hundred and six Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven-pence Act of thi*

three Farthings, together yrith such* Loans aforesaid, in the same or fike Manner, Form, or Order, 6otu.

and according to the same or like Rules and Diregions, as in and by a certain AS of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and Fronting to His Majesty certain Duties upon

Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the I ear One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three*

are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provi- AH Advntar* foes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said ^en/ltieA last mentioned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act,

(except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same A S, and except such iating to Loan* Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of or Exchequer the said Act), shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, Bill* thereby, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally to

authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been parti- "JentWta cularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act. this Act.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills, which shall be The said Exche-made in pursuance of this Act, and the Intered, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to, or attend- querBUls, icing the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the growing Produce of the said Surplusses. Excesses, and Overplus Monies, or other Re- Charges, afet» venues composing the Sinking Fund, (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropri- the Psinkia« ated to any particular Use or Uses by any former #r other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); fund, and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and referred in the Exchequer, to be payable oq Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

X. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may- be law- B"1* ful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to His Majesty, in like Manner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two millions three hundred forty-nine 76*3^; thousand eight hundred and six Pounds, Twelve Shillings and Seven-pence Three Farthings, any notwithst«ndi*g Thing in an Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Aa 5*11*6 intituled, An Act for granting to Their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Ton age of Ships and Vtf~ Gul*& Mar# feh; and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of Three hundred and fifty The Sum of thousand one hundred ninety-three Pounds, Seven Shillings and Four-pence Farthing, remaining in

the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of April, One thousane seven hundred and seventy- of the Sinking three, for the Dispofnion of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surplusses, Ex- FunJ in the Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund, commonly called The Sinking chrquer on Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon; and also the Sum of Nine thou- ,o0ft‘ *77VL sand nine hunefred sixty-one Pounds, Eleven Shillings and Eight-pence, remaining in the Receipt of the

the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament; and also the Sum of One hundred sixty nine thou- Exchequer o» sand three hundred ninety-eight Pounds, Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence, which, in pursuance of 5 Jan. 1771; an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for carrying into and l69r39^ Execution certain Proposals made by the East India Company* for the Payment of the annual Sum of Four

hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately 9 eo* 9 obtained in the East Indies, is directed to be paid, within the present Year, into the Receipt of His Ma- Moaies jetty’s Exchequer by the said Company; and also such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt a*(Hailbe paid of the Exchequer after the Fifth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and on into the Exche-or before the Fifth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, of the Produce of the quer between Duties charged by an Act of Parliament, made in the Filth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, upon APrl15» *773* the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, shall and may be issued and applied t^e

at the said Receipc of his Majesty's Exchequer, for and towards making good the said Supply j and the Produce of th» Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, now, or for the Time being, or any Three or more of Duties on Gum them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and impowered to issue Senega and Gam and apply the same accordingly. Arabic j

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Sum not exceeding Ten thou- io, ood. for sand Pounds, out of such Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer 00 or before the supporting the Fifth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, of the Produce of all or any of the neceslfar7 Ex" Duties and Revenues which by any Act or Acts of Parliament have been directed to be reserved for ^America the Disposition of Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, prote&ing, and Nova Scotia, lecunng, the British Colonies and Plantations ra America> be applied iowwds making gwd such Fart Newfoundland,

of

842 C. 77.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773

The Mcnie*

anting by the Malt Tax.

land T«u

UlMi

the ceded of the Supply as hath been eranted to His Majesty for maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons

islands, out of in the Plantations, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and inwAiTExche^ the ceded Islands, for the Year One thousand fijven hundred and fevepty-three; And the Commission-queron AgrU 5, ers of his Majesty's Treasury pow or for the Time being, of any Three or more of them, or the High <774. Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and irapowered to ifliic and apply the’ fame

Appropriation of accordingly. k

the Supplies.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon One Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and so muen Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted* as shall anse or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made, or to b® made, on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges thereon and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient (half be reserved in the Exchequer, to satisfy and oifehar^e the same; and also all the Monies coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon One other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to Ills Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three \ and io tnuch Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise.or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made, or to be made, on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges allowable thereby, for raising the said Land Tax* shall be fati^ied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also the Sum of One Million, granted by.One other Act of this Session of Parliamer.t, intituled, An Act for nd oi 1 raifln& a certatrt $um of Monty by Loans or Excheqi er Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand /even 7*. 1d^Vq. hundred and seventy- three; and also the said Sum of Three hundred and titty thousand one hundred femaining in the ninety-three Pounds, Seven Shillings and Four-pence Farthing, remaining in the Rece ipt of the Ex-Exchequer on chequer on the Fifth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and sevenly three, for the Lifpo-Apnl 5, 17735 fition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arileu of the Surplusses, Exccflts, or Overplus and 90)61Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund; and also the numing foHDif- Sum of Nine thousand nine hundred sixty-one Pounds, Eleven Shillings and Eight-pence, re-

j.pofitioji of Par- maining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament; and also the said Sum iiament; of One hundred sixty-nine thousand three hundred ninety-eight Pounds, Eighteen Shillings and Two-and 169,3981. pence, which, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His piefent Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution certain Prop ofals made by the East India Company, for the and such Monies Payment of the annual ou/n of Four hundred thousand Pou ds, for a limited Time, in ref pc ft of tie Territo-as shall be piid rial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, is directed to be paid, witmn the prek nt into ihc Exche- Year, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer by the said Company; and also such of the Mo-quer between nies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer after the f ifth Day of April, One thousand April 5, 1773, Sc seven hundred and seventy-three, and on or before the Fifth Day of April, One thousand seven hun-fthe \ ’tcJ!cc dred and seventy-four, of the Produce of, the Duties charged by an Act of Parliament, made in the of the Ditties on Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Cum Senega and Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and also the further Sum of Two millions three hundred forty nine thousand tight bun-Gum Arabic 5 dred an(j £x Pounds, Twelve Shillings and Seven-pence Three Farthings, by this Act grained, out puck Monies as shall or may arise of the Surpluses, Exctfles, or Overplus Monies, and other Repented, by this venues composing the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied, lor and towards the (tveral Ults am! Purposes hereafter express’ed, together with the Residue of the Monies aiifing from 1 he Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of the late War, which His M. jessy declared in a moil Gracious Speech to His Parliament, that He had directed, for the Ease of his Subjects, to be applied to the publick Service; and also such Sum or Sums of Money as His Majesty, according to His moil gra-Priics taken be- cious Intentions, expressed in the same Speech, shall direct, for the further Ease or His Subjects, to fore the Dcch- be also applied to the publick Service, out of the Monies which have arisen, or shall anse, by the Sale - rat:°"offWr 5 of Lands belonging to His Majesty in the Islands of the West Indies, which were ceded to His Majesty and also such 1 0 0 n '

Sum Of Me,uy as bY the late Treaty ot Peace.

Eits Majesty shall ditest, to be applied to the publick Service, which shall arise by the Sale of the ceded lilandi in the West Indies.

°lies tLnTfluii" And *s hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the Aids

beVfluc^not e*- or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may beiftued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million eight hundred eighty-five thousand five hundred seventy-three Pounds, and Nine-pence, for or towards the Naval Services hereiiii particularly expressed; (that is to say). For or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed, at d to be performed; and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of His Majesty's Navy, and for Half-pay to oea and Marine Officers; and for or towards maintaining Four thousand three hundred and fifty-four Marines; and towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty's Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what may be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

Act out of the Sinking Fund 5 together with the Money

aiifing from the Sale of French

rep \ ng

*»?85»573l« 9^ towards Naval Services;

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 77. 84.3

XV. And it is hereby alt) enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That put of all or any the Aids or N°t exceeding Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issu?d and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed- d* towards ing Two hundred eighteen thousand four hundred and sixty Pounds, Thirteen Shillings and Ten- char&tZi'the pence, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for the Year One thousand seven office of Ord-hundred and seventy-three. nancein 1773.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand nine hundred fiLy-four Pounds, Four Shillings and Seven-pence, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money hot exceeding One Million five hundred and six thousand four hundred and two Pounds Seven Shillings and Three-pence, and Seven-eighth Parts of a Penny, for and towards maintaining His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, herein after more particularly expressed 5 that is to say, Any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred sixteen thousand eight hundred ninety-five Pounds, One Shilling and Ten-pence, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen thousand and seventy effeSive Men, com-nuilioned and non-commissioned Officers included; and including One thousand five hundred and twenty-two Invalids for Guards, Girrifons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jerfy, and Guernsey, for the Year One thousaiyF seven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred eighty-six thousand nine hundred thirty-five Pounds, Five Shillings and Ten-pence, and One-eighth Part of a Penny, towards further maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the ceded Ifhnds, and Africa, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand five hundred and three Pounds, Nfne Shillings, and Five-pence, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establi some nt of Six Battalions and Three Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Many at Gibraltar, Minorca^ and the ceded Klands, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand four hundred seventy-three Pounds, Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One hundred and eleven thousand one hundred twenty-seven Pounds, Five Shillings, and Ten-pence, upon account of the reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sum or Sums erf Money, not exceding One thousand one hundred forty-eight Pounds, Tert Shillings,1 sots defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year One thou find seven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Six hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of Majesty's Land Fortes and Marines as died upon the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One hundred twenty-two thousand nine hundred eighty-two Pounds, Three Shillings and Nme-pen-ce, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Out-pensioners of Chelsea HoJ'pital, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sun or Sums of Money, not exceeding Two hundred forty-nine thousand feveiV hundred and eight Pounds, Twelve Shillings and One Penny Farthing, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services incurred between the Twenty-fifth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and the Eighth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and Lventy-three, and not provided for by Parliament.

the supperannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards j not exceeding 6,028 1. to the Pensions of Officers Widows; 111,9821. Gut-penfvme s of Chelsea Hospital; 249,70?!. ii s. I d. xij. towards extraordinary Expences of the Land Forces, and ocher Services

not provided for.

*7>954- h 4 s* 7d. for Charges of the Office of Ordnance not provided for in 1772.

1,506,402 1.7 sv 3 d. and 7'Sths of a Penny, towards (he Land Forces; of whi h 616,895 1. 1 s. 10 d. for defraying the Charges of 17,073 effective. Men, See, and 1522 Invalids, for Guards, 6cc. in Great Britain, &c.

Not exceeding 386,935l. 5«.

10 d. and i-8th Part of a Penny* for Forces and Garrisons i* Africa, &c. and for Provisions for the Forces abroad

55°3.1 9 s* 5 d*-to make good the Difference of Pay between the Britishi apd Inth Establishment of the Troops in the 10*'of Man; dec. j

M,473 1. 18 s.

6 *d. 2 q. for General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain 5 111,127 1. 5 si# 10 d. t# the re^ duced*Officers &F the Land Forces-and Marines; 1148 1. 10 s. to the Two Troops of Horse Guard? reduced, and tO'

3 s. 9 d. to the incurred and

XVIII. And it hereby also mailed by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids 1,300,000l. or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of One million eight for discharging* hundred thousand Pounds, for paying, off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of Exchequer Bil;s an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Atlfor raisenz a certain Sum of Aloney by0*1*'* Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-twoy and

chared upon the first Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

XIX. And it is hereby also mailed by the Authority aforesaid, That out allf or any of the Aids Not exceeding

or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and nyuy be.jflucA and applied thq Sum of Six thousand two hundred 62001. to make Pounds, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum whiqb has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, in

gurfuance of the Addreires of the House of Cjornpions^. sumitfuedm

pursuance of the

Addresses of the House of Commons*

844 C. 77. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

<1461. lot. 5d.

XX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Th*t OOt t>f all or any the Aids or the Cm! eS*- Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed-blifliraent of " Five thousand One hundred forty-six Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Five Pence, upon Account, for Nov* Scotia; maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the 308*1. for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Cml EiUbhfli- Three thousand and eighty-six Pounds, upon Account for defraying the Charges of the Civii Establish-4950°. foMS* ment of His Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the civil Establish* Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-tvvfc, to the Twenty fourth Btent of feast Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not Florida exceeding Four thousand nine hundred and fifty Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sum or 71741.13«.6d. Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand two hundred seventy-four Pounds, Thirteen Shillings for the Ciivl and Sixpence, upon Account for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Establi&ment of Colony of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the Twenty-fourth Wert Florida* Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One dcfia in^Ex* thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thou-pencei attending f*nd eight hundred eighty-five Pounds four Shillings, upon Account, for defraying the Expences at-domys intending General Surveys of His Majesty's Dominions in North America, for the Year One thousand North Amwiau feveh hundred and seventy-three.

Not excecdia*

XXI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, out of all or any the Aids or ywHng and°rre" Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not ex-tnjuatainiaf fee ceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the fir/-Fortsin Africa, tish Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six

1. 9d. aq. thousand three hundred thirty-six Pounds, and Nine-pence Halfpenny, upon Account for defraying kheCrnTfiAa- Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, lU&ment on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee in South Barbary and Cape Rouge, Senegambia. for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

a«ool. for

XXII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, out of all or any the Aids or building a Bridge Supplies aforesaid, there mall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, notexcccd-Thamtt from if!? wo thousand Pounds, towards enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Westminster, to Thames from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to maintain the the oppose* said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex-Shore in Surrey, ceeding I ive thousand Pounds, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of Eng~ *0001 to land trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in afllfting the said Company in carrying on their Trade,

‘tkeGovcraerind Company of Merchants of England trading to the Lfvnot Seas,

6998l.T0t.9d.

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, out of all or any the Aids on account of or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex-the Expense of ceeding Six thousand nine hundred ninety-eight Pounds, Ten Shillings and Nine-pence, upon Account of Expences of the new Roads of Communication, and building Bridges in the Highland* of of Scotland in North Britain, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

1773#

Not exceeding

XXIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may bie issued and applied the Sum of Four thousand three hun-Gordon and Dt^ ^rc.^ an<* sixty-three Pounds, to enable His Majesty to repay to Messieurs Hodgson, Gordon, and Debon-bonnaire, over- noire, the like Sum which has been overpaid by them to the Commissioners of Excise for the Duties

paid by them for of Excise upon Beer and Ale, such Commissioners not having made the full Allowance for Wade

Duties of Excise agreeable to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of King William and ®n Mary, (intituled, An Act for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer and Ale, and other Liquors); and any

wShamj Jr Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to be advanced to Doctor Richard kis inveoting a Williams, of Saint Margaret's Westminster, as a Reward for his inventing a fast Green and Yellow Dye fast Green and on Cotton Yarns and Thread, and for discovering the Secret thereof.

Yellow Dye on Cotton Yarns,

48,2451. iis,

XXV. And it is hereby also enaQcd by the Authority aforesaid, That, out of all or any the Aids

6d.to the sink- or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex-

ing Fund to ceeding Forty-eight thousand two hundred forty-five Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Sixpence, to

Deficiency on rePjace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency on the juiy 5, 1772, «f Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, of the Fund established for paying the Food for Annuities in respect of Five Millions borrowed by virtue of an ASt, made in the Thirty-first Year of pay in 1 Annul- the Reign of His late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand $ seven hundred fifty-eight, and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Twenty-one thousand

Jmake go*od7 e*£hty-five Pounds, One Shilling, and Seven-pence, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Deficiency of the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

Grants for i77».

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 77.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Supplies provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, oper chan the Uses and Purposes before mentioned* or for the several Deficiencies, or other Payment^ directed to be satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose/ contai ed in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament. f

XXVII. And, as to the Sum of One hundred and eleven thousand one hundred twenty-seven Pounds, Five Shillings, and Ten-pence, by this Act appropriated on account of Half Pay as aforesaid, it is hereby cn;>;»fd ..nd declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said Half Pay; that is to say. That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who was a Minor, and under the Age of Sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Person who did actual Service in feme Regiment, Troop, or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Mzjvjfty, shall h?ve or receive any Pr.rt of the said Half Pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said Half Pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has reiigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person, by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons as would have been otherwise inriiled to the same as reduced Officers.; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the Five Regiments of Dragoons, and Eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain.

XXV. ill. And whereas by an Act of Parliomrot, made-in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Jl4a)efly a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for aptly tug -art win Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and Jeventytwo, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of 'Parliament; and for making frth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Ordersi h/1, burnt, cr dejlrrcd\ the several Supplies which had been granted to His present Majesty, as is tnercin mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money* not exceeding One hundred and fifteen thousand seven hundred sixty-five P-junds, an 1 sixteen Shillings, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marine* for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy two, subject nevertheless to such Rules to bcobserved in the Application of the said Half Pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf: Now it is hereby provided, enacted, and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of One hundred and fifteen thousand seven hundred sixty-five Pounds, and sixteen Shillings, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed, or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as, by reason of their long Service, or otherwise, His Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; any Thing in this Act, or the said former Act, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And whereas John Harrison of Red Lion Square, having, under the Encouragement of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for granting a Reward for the Dficovery of the Longitude at Sea, applied himself, with unremitting Industry for the Space of Forty-eight Years, to the making an Instrument for ascertaining the Longitude at Sea; and having constructed a Time-keeper for that Purpose, and discovered the Principles of constructing the same, by which other Timer keepers have been already made, and found to answer with great Exactness; from which Discovery, it is apprehended that great Benefit will arise to the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms, is highly deserving of publick Encouragement and Reward; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, and he is hereby directed, out of any Sums of Money now in His Hands, to pay, or cause to be paid to the said John Harrison, a Sum not exceeding Eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, as a further Reward and Encouragement, over and above the Sums already received by him for his laid Invention of a Time-keeper, and his Discovery of the Principles upon which the same was confer ufted. 1

The (kid Aid* to be applied, only to the Vies before mentioned.

Roles to be ob-fenred in the Application of the Half Ray.

By Act 12 Geo. III.

a Sum not cx-

ce‘d?nft

ii5',765 1. 16 t.

was ipr-ropruled to be paid to reduced Ofticcri,

Overplus Monies, above fat iffy 1 ng iaid Officers, to be dif-poled of to Officers who were maimed, fee in the latr Wars, pr to Officers. Widows and Children, as TI's Majesty dull di-red.

Aa 12 Ann*.

Not exceeding S750l. to be paid to Mr. Harrison for his Invention o. a Time-keep rr, *u

Vol. XI.

50.

CAP.

846 C. 78.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Prttable.

On Sept. 21,

yearly, a List is to be made of at least Ten Persons, by the Constables, &c. at the usual Plate of publick Meeting*. Qualification of Surveyor*,

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Publick Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes.

WHEREAS the Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways of c< that Part of Great Britain called England require some Explanation and Amendment may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pro lent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth, upon the Twenty-second Day of September, in every Year, unless that Day shall be Sunday, and then on the Day following, the Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, Churchwardens, Surveyor of the Highways, and Householders, being assessed to any Parochial or Publick Rate of every Parish, Township, or Place, shall assemble together at the Church or Chapel of such Parish, Township, or Place, or if there shall be no Church of Chapel, then at the usual Place of publick Meetings for such Parish, Township, or Place, at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon: And the major Part of them, so affirm-bled, shall make a List of the Names of at least Ten Persons Jiving within such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, who each of them have an Estate in Lands,1 Tenements, or Hereditaments, lying within such respective Parish, Township, or Place, in their own Right, or in the Right of their "Wives, of the Value of Ten Pounds by the Year; or a personal Estate of the Value of One hundred Pounds; or are Occupiers or Tenants of Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds: And if there shall not be Ten Persons having such Qualifications as aforesaid, then they shall insert in such List the Names of so many of such Persons as are so qualified, as above required, together with the Names of so many of the most sufficient and able Inhabitants of such Parish, Township, or Place, not so qualified, as shall make up the Number Ten, if so many can be found; if not, so many as shall be there resident, to serve the Office of Surveyor of the Highways: plicate of And the Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman, of such Parish, Township, or Place, shall, if* shall be within Three Days after such Meeting, transmit a Duplicate of such List to One of the Justices of f !he Taf-the Peace within the Limit of the County, Riding, Division, Hundred, City, Corporation, Freeing, and the or Liberty, where such Parish, Township, or Place, shall lie, living in or near the same; and shall also return and deliver the original Lift, made and agreed upon at such Meeting, to the Justices of the Peace, at their Special S (lions to be held for the Highways within that Limit, in the Week next after th z Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace in every Year and shall also, within Three Days after making the said Lift, give personal Notices to, or cause Notices in Writing to be left at, the Places of Abode of the several Persons contained in such List, informing them of their being so named, to the Intent that they may severally appear before the Justices at the said Special Sections to accept such Office, if they shall be appointed thereto, or to shew Cause, if they have any, against The Justice* ire their being appointed: And the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to hold such Special to nive 10 Dj>* Sessions at such convenient Place or Places within their respective Limits, as they in their Discretion Kv.ticcofUd Flial) judge proper; and to give Notice of the Time and Place where they intend to hold the same to £<?nstoCt?e " the Constables, Headboroughs, or Tythingmen, of every such Parish, Township, or Place, at least ConftaMcs, &c. Ten Days before the holding of the said Session; and the said Justices, then and there, from the said and may appoint Lifts, according to their Discretion, and the Largeness of the Parish, Township, or Place respectively, from the Lift* by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, shall appoint One. Two? or more of such Persons, as afore-Survt^ra*1^ °*la^’ he or they shall, in the Opinion of such Justices, be qualified for the Office of Surveyor, if ju^ge not> OncS T wo, or more of the other substantial Inhabitants or Uccupierrof Lands, Tenements*, fit, if they rtiali Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments, within such Parish, Township, or Place, living within Three in the Op mon Miles thereof, and within the same County, fit and proper to serve the Office of Surveyor of the of thi Justices Highways for such Parish, Township, or Place, if any such can be found; which Appointment shall, the^Oiftce^ for ^y the Constabks, Headboroughs, or Tythingmen, aforesaid, be notified to every Person so appointed ifnotj.Mhcr In- by the said Justices, within Three Days after such Appointment, by serving him with the said War-habitantsor rant, or by leaving the same, or a true Copy thereof, at his House, or usual Place of Abode; and* Occupiers, &c. every Person so appointed, if he accepts the said Office, shall be Surveyor of the Highways for the said Parish, Township, or Place, for the Year enruing, and shall take upon him and duly execute the Office aforesaid; and the said Justices shall then and there give such of the said Surveyors as shall personally appear before them a Charge, for the better Perfutmance of their Duty, according to the Directions of this Act: And if any of the ftftd Persons, lo appointed, w hose Names were contained in such List, and vvno were served with the said Notice, shall rtfufc or negle^ft to appear at the said Special Sections, and accept the said Office, if appointed thereto, in Manner aforesaid, or shall not, within Six Days after, being served with such Warrant of Appointment, signify his Acceptance thereof, either in Person, or by V riling, to One of the said Justices, he shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds; and in case any Person so appointed by the said Justices, whose Name was not contained in such List, shall refuse or Charg? for the neglect to accept the said Office, or Hull not, within Six Days after being served with such Appointor’^! men t, shew to One of the Justices signing such Appointment, sufficient Cause why he should aot Persons appoint- serve tuch Office, be ffiallforfeit the Sum of Fifty Shillings; Prowled that no Person who hath been

tices.

_ origin!1 Lift to the Special Sessioni, by the Cor-liable, &c. Notices to the Person* contained in the Lift.

which Appointment shall be notified to the Persons named by the f on-Mal les, &c.; and the Survey cr shall hold h*a Office for One Ye^r. Justices to give

#4 from the Lift

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 78* 847

appointed and served the Office of Surveyor for One Year, shall be liable to be appointed Surveyor irfufing to fen* for the same Parish, Township, or Place, within Three Years from the Time of such first Appoint- shall forfeit s|* ment and Service, unless he shall consent thereto; but if no such List shall be made and returned, or if the said Justices shall make such Appointment, as aforesaid, and the Person or Persons so appointed shall funu* fal refusetoferve the said Office, the said Justices, or any Two of them, shall and may, and are hereby required, fa* r'0-. at the said Special Sessions, or at some subsequent Special Sessions, to be held within One Month after, to No Person who nominate and appoint some other Person or Persons to be Surveyor of such Parish, Township, or Place, h' h feired One whom they shall judge proper to execute that Office, and shall and may fix such Salary to be paid to such ^l,too.bc. Surveyor, to be appointed as herein last before mentioned, out oflhe laid Forfeitures, and all other *®*7hePfameC Forfeitures, Fines, Penalties, Assessments, and Compositions, to be paid, levied, and raised, under pucewi faln the Authority of this Act, within such Parish, Township, or Place respectively, as such Justices shall 3 Year* after* think fit, not exceeding One-eighth Parc of what shall have been raised by an Assessment of Sixpence without hi* in the Pound, for the Use of the Highways within such Parish, Township, or Place, where any such Ljft

Assessment shall have been raised, and observing the same Restriction as near as they can, from the btft b; made, or the Information they shall be able to get of the probable Amount of such an Assessment, where none hath person appoint* been already made 5 and the said Justices shall and may, if they thiok fit, require the Constables, Head- ed refus<* to boroughs, Tythingmen, and Surveyor, of every such Parish, Township, and Place, or any of them, fcnre, mother to return to them, at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, an Account, in Writing, of the Sum which such Assessment of Sixpence in the Pound hath raised, or will, in his or their Opinion, subsequent Spe* raise, within such Parish, Township, or Place: And if the Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, cial Sessions, Churchwardens, Surveyors of the Highway, and such Householders as aforesaid, of any Parish, Town- and a Salary ship, or Place, shall neglect or refuse to make such List as aforesaid; or if the Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman, of any Parish, Township or Place, shall not return the said Lift of Names when made, and such Duplicate thereof, as aforesaid, and give such Notice or Notices, and serve such 6d. Assessment. Warrant or Warrants, as in this Act is directed; or if the said Constable, Headborough, Ty thing-justices may reman, and Surveyor, or any of them, shall neglect to return such Account of the Amount of such Af- quire rheCon-feftrnent, as aforesaid, when so required as aforesaid; every Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, llible#' t# Churchwarden, or Surveyor, so neglecting or refusing, in any oflhe said cases, dull, for every such *it-Default respectively, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings. iag, Jfthe Sum

whkh the AC-

fdTmcDt of 6 d. per Pound will raise. 401, Penalty on the Constables, &c. not making or returning such Lists, or not giving the Notice* required.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Justices, upon Neglect or Refusal of Where the the Person so nominated Surveyor as aforesaid to accept the said Office, shall appoint any other Person JU^'C",.UP?* for such Surveyor, with a Salary as aforesaid, the said Justices shall, and are hereby required to appoint One substantial Inhabitant of such Parish, Township, or Place, for Assistant to such Surveyor in the another Person* several Matters, and for the several Purposes hereafter mentioned, until the next annual Appointment they are to ap-of Surveyors, according to the Directions of this Act; and if the Person (b appointed Assistant shall, point Onefub-upon Notice of such Appointment, refuse to accept that Office, he shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty

Shillings: And in that Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to appoint any other substan- Mutant; tial Inhabitant of such Parish, Township, or Place, for Assistant to such Surveyor, in Manner and for, Daf onhiaRc-the Time aforesaid; and if such Second appointed Assistant shall decline or refuse to accept the said fufal to accept Office, he shall, in like Manner, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Shillings 5 and the said Justices shall and that Office,)* may appoint any other Person, inhabiting in such Parish, Township, or Place, Assistant to such Surveyor, who shall be*incitled to the said Forfeitures herein last before mentioned; and also to some fur- ^y in that Case ther Allowance by way of Salary, (to be paid as the Surveyor's Salary is hereby directed to be paid), appoint another, if the said Justices shall think any such Salary necessary, and shall order the same, which they are who,mRefu-hereby authorised to do: Provided that no Person so appointed Assistant for One Year shall be liable to AallaUo be appointed Assistant for the same Parish, Township, or Place, within Three Years next following such First Appointment, without his Consent. Case, they may

appoint a third

Person, who shall be in titled to the fold Forfeitures, and to a farther Allowance, by way of Salary, if the Justices shall think it necessary.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor of every Parish, Township, and Place, who shall Bond to be given not reside therein, but shall be appointed with such Salary as aforesaid, shall, if required by the *>y thes®rveyj*’ Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or any principal Inhabitant of the Parish, Township, or Place, ,^1* wl for which he shall be so appointed Surveyor, at the Time of his Appointment, or within Fourteen to account foe Days after, give a Bond upon Paper, without Stamp thereupon, to some proper Person within such the Money Parish, Township, or Place, to be nominated by the said Justices, with sufficient Surety, to account wh, ch

for the Money which shall come to his Hands as Surveyor, according to the Directions of this Act; «ometoh» which Bond shall be good and effectual in Law. an s.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Assistant, so to be nominated and appointed, shall, and is Duty of the Af. hereby required, to the best of his Skill and Judgement, to assist the said Surveyor, whenever requested Suivcytr. by him, in calling in and attending the Performance of the Statute Duty; in collecting the Compositions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures; in making and collecting the Assessments; in making out

and serving the Notices authorised by this Act; and in such other Matters and Things as shall be rea-fonably required of him by the Surveyor, in the Execution of his Office as Surveyor, pursuant to this Act: And the said Assistant shall justly and truly account with, and pay to, the said Surveyor, or to his Order, from Time to Time, according to the Directions of this Act, all the Money which shall

8*$ C. 7 8. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773

come to his Hands as Assistant, bry the Means aforesaid; and, in Default thereof, he ft all forfeit Double the Value of the Money by him so received, and not so paid and accounted for; and if thd said Assistant shall wilfully neglect or make Default in the Performance of any of the Duty required from him by this Act, he shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Limit within which such Assistant shal) be appointed: And' the said Surveyor shall, and is hereby required to fend Orders, in Writing, upon the said Assistant, for the Payment of all Sums due to any Person or Persons, for Work or Materials, by virtue of this Act, which amount to Forty Shillings, or Hipwards; and the said Surveyor shall not be responsible for any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be received by the said Assistant, and shall not be actually paid to such Surveyor, or to his Order, as aforesaid.

A; p.

Forfeitures for Neglect of hit Duty.

Surveyors t*

fend Orders upon the AiTistant for Payment of all Sums amounting to 40 s. or upwards.

if Two Parts out V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Two Parts out of Three of those so to be% ©fThreeof those assembled in any such Parish, Township, or Place, for the Nomination of Surveyors, as aforesaid, afirmbkdi in any shall agree in the Choice of any particular Person of Skill and Experience, to serve the said Office ranfh, &c. fl«il Surveyor for such Parish, Township, or Place, and in the settling of a certain Salary for his cho^eVfa Per- Trouble therein, and shall return the Name of such Person, together with the Lift herein-before dison of Skill to rc&ed, to the justices of the Peace at their said Sessions, to be held in the Week next after the serve the Office Michaelmas Quarter Sessions j that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the of Surveyor, and Justices, if they shall think proper to appoint such Person to be Surveyor for such Parifo, Town-s"uUl,n8 b or Place, and allow him the Salary mentioned in such Agreement, which shall be raised and paid

justicwmtyap- in the same Manner as the Salary herein-before mentioned is directed to be raised and paid; and in point such Per- cale any Surveyor to be appointed under the Authority of this Act shall die, or become incapable of son, and allow executing that Office, before such next Special Sessions for appointing Surveyors, the said Justices* him the said Sa- or any Two of them, shall and may, at iome Special Sessions, nominate and appoint such Person or and If any Sur- Persons as they shall think proper, to execute the said Office, until such next Special Sessions for ap-vever flu 11 die, pointing Surveyors as aforesaid; and if such deceased Surveyor had a Salary, they may allow the or'b*ct«me in- fame Salary to his Successor, in Proportion to the Time he shall serve the said Office; and if the said enable of exe- Justices of the Peace, at their said Special Sessions, or at any Time afterwards, pursuant to the c"t,n^e0ffice» Powers of this Act, shall appoint more than one Person for Surveyor of any Parish, Township, or IppJnt another^ Place, all and every Person or Persons so appointed, shall be comprehended under the Word Survycr Person, andal- in every Part of this Act.

law him the

f'ulity. If more Surveyors than One shall be appointed, they are all comprehended under the Word Sunrtyor. 1

Ko Tree, Bulk, or Shrub, allow* cd to gr«\v or Hand within I Feet of the Centre of the Highway 5

on Forfeiture of 10s. by the Owners.

H*dge$ and Trees adjoining to H ghways, by whf'm, and in what Manner, to be cut and pruned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Tree, Bush, or Shrub, shall be permitted to (land or grow, in any Highways, within the Distance of Fifteen Feet from the Centre thereof, (except for Ornament or Shelter to the House, Building, or Court-yard of the Owner thereof), or hereafter to be planted within the Distance aforesaid; but the same shall respectively be cut down, grubbed up, and carried away, by the Owner or Occupier of the Land or Soil where the same doth or shall Hand or grow, within Ten Days after Notice to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Steward or Agent, given by the said Surveyors, or any of them, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect, the Sum of Ten Shillings.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Posse(Tors of the Land next adjoining to every Highway shall cut, prune, and piafti their Hedges, and also cut down or prune and lop the Trees growing in or near such Hedges or other Fences, (except those Trees planted for Ornament or Shelter, as aforesaid), in such Manner that the Highways shall not be prejudiced by the Shade thereof respectively, and that the Sun and Wind may not be^excluded from such Highway to the Damage thereof; and chjt if such Possessor shall not, within Ten Days after Notice given by the Surveyor for that Purpose, cur, prune, and pla(h, such Hedges, and cut down or prune and lop such Trees, in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor, and he is hereby required, to make Complaint thereof to some Justice of the Peace of the Limit where such Highway shall be, who shall summon the Possessor of the said Lands to appear before the Justices at some Sped il Sessions for that Limit, to answer to the said Complaint; and if it shall appear to the Justices, at such Special Sessions, that such Possessor had not complied with the Requisites of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, upon hearing the Surveyor and the Possessor of such Land, or his Agent, (or in Default of his Appearance, upon having due Proof of the Service of such Summons), and considering the Circumstances of the Case, to order such Hedges to be cut, plalhed, and pruned, and such Trees to be cut down, or pruned in such Manner, as may best answer the Purposes aforesaid; and if the Possessor of such Lands shall not obey such Order, within Ten Days after it shall have been made, and he shall have had due Notice thereof, he shall forfeit the Sum of Two Shillings for every Twenty-four Feet in Length of such Hedge which shall be so neglected to be cut and plaftied, and the Sum of Two Shillings for every Tree which shall be so neglected to be cut down or pruned, and lopped; and the Surveyor, in case of such Default made by the Pollessor, shall, and is hereby required to cut, prune, and piafn such Hedges, and to cut down or prune and lop such 'Frees, in the Manner directed by such Order; and such Possessor shall be charged with, and pay, over and above the said Penalties, the Charges and Expences of doing the same; or, in Default thereof, such Charges and Expencis shall be levied, together with the said Forfeitures, upon his or her Goods and Chattels by War-

raal

A.D. 177x. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 78. 849

rsw%t fronr* a Justice of Peace, &11 such Manner- as is authorised for Forfeitures Hicurred by virtue of this Act.

Vf If. And be it further enacted, That Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, of a fuffccient Depth Occupiers of and Breadth, for the: keeping all Highways dry, and conveying the Water from the same shall be Lands shall make made, scoured, ckartfed, and kept opejv, and sufficient Trunks, Tunnels, Plats, or Bridges, shall be sufficient D.uh-made and laid where any Cartways, Merfeways, or Footways, lead out of the said Highways into the c*> Drams, or Lands or Grounds adjoining thereto, by the Occupier or Occupers of such Lands or Grounds *, and every Person or Persons who shall occupy any Lands or Grounds adjoining to, or lying near such Trunk?, Plats, Highway through which the Water hath used to pass from the said Highway, shall, and is hereby or Br.dges, required, from lime to Time, as often as Occasion shall be, to open, cleanse, and (90m*, the Ditches, where Cartways* Watercourses, or Drains, for such Water to pass without Obstruction; and that every Person &c lead out of making Default rn any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, after Ten Days Notice to him, her, fu'cV Land*?0 or them, given of the same, by the said Surveyor, mall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sunt of They shall fer-Ten Shillings. - ' frit, for every

Offence, os.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, shall lay, in any Highway, any 1 aWs laying Stone, Timber, Straw, Dung, or other Matter, or in making, scouring, or cleansing the Ditches or Stone, Timber, Watercourses, shall permit the Soil or Earth, dug out of such Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, to Straw> &c in remain in such Highway, in such Manner as to obstruct or prejudice the same, for the Space of ^o|fth*say>or Five Days after Notice thereof given by the Surveyor of the Highways $ every Person or Persons itches, *c. offending in any of the said CaLs, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten shall, for every Shillings. Offence, forfeit

ios.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Stone or Timber, or any Hay, Straw, Stubble, or other Stone, Timber, Matter, for the making of Manure, or on any other Pretence whatsoever, not tolerated by this Act, &c*

shall be laid in any Highway, within the Dittance of Fifteen Feet from the Centre thereof, and shall FcetT^ the *5 not, within Five Days after Notice given* by the Surveyor, or some Person aggrieved thereby, be re- Centre of the moved, it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Possessorof the Lands adjacent, or any other Per- Highway, and son or Persons whomsoever, by Order from some Justice of Peace, to clear the said Highways, by re- not removed irt-moving the fjiid Stone, Timber, Hay, Straw, Dung, or other Matter, and to have, take, and dispose of 5D»ys after the same, to his and their own Use.

adjacent Land* may remove and dispose of the same to his own Use*

XI. And, for preventing Obstructions in the said Highways, be it enacted, That if any Person OkftruQioni.

(h.i!l wilfully set, plaie, or leave, any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough or lnstrument the Highw.y* of Hufbmdry, in any of the said Highways, (except only with respect to such Waggon, Cart, or jy *tr,*e*°t Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or unloading, and handing as near Hulfcamiiy,5 ° the Side of such Highway as conveniently may be), so as to interrupter hinder the free Passage of any makes the Of-mher Carriage, or of His Majesty's Subjects; every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Ten fcnder forfeit Shillings for every such Offence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyors of the Highways, to be appointed by virtue of SurT7°" this Act, shall, at 2II such Times and Seasons as they shall judge proper, view all the common High- v^ew of^he ways. Trunks, Tunnels, Plats, Hedges, Ditches, Banks, Bridges, causeways, and Pavements, Condition of the within the Parish, Township, or Place, for which they shall be appointed Surveyors and in case Highway*, they shall observe any Nuisances, Incroachments, Obstructions, or Annoyances, made, committed, within the Dif-<-r permitted ift, upon, or to the Prejudice of them, or any of them, contrary to the Directions of Nu^anwi^ol. this Act. they shall, from Time to Time, as soon as conveniently may be, give, or cause to be given, &c."

to any Person or Persons, doing, committing, or permitting the same, personal Notice, or Notice in ‘

Writing, to be left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, specifying the Particulars wherein such Nuisances, Defaults, Obstructions, or Annoyances, consist; and if such Nuisances, Ifihe Offenaer Obstructions, or Annoyances, shall not be removed, and the Ditches, Drains, Gutters, and Water- doeinotr*m«e courses aforesaid effectually made, scoured, cleansed, and opened, and such Trunks^ Tunnels, Plats, such*?u,f"ccs' and Budges, made and laid, afrd such Hedges properly cut and pruhed, within Twenty Days after &c’a tet 0,!ie*' loch Notre of the same respectively given as aforesaid, then the said Surveyors shall be, and they are the Surv-yor hereby fully authorised and impowered, forthwith to remove such Nuisances, Obstructions, or An- ttuiidou, noyances, and open, cleanse, and scour such Ditches, Gutters, and Watercourses, and make or amend such Trunks, Tunnels, Plats, or Bridges, and cut and prune such Hedges, for the Benefit and Impovement of the said Highways, to belt of their Skill and Judgement, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the Person or Persons so neglecting to make, or open and cleanse such Ditches, Gutters, or Watercourses, or to cut or prune such Hedges, during the Time aforesaid, after such Notice given, shall forfeit for every Foot in Length which shall be so neglected, the Sum of One Penny; and the said Surveyors shall be reimbursed what Charges and Ex- snliheOAftniee pences they shall be at in removing such Nuisances, Obstructions, or Annoyances, and making or ttu’.ijuyuw opening, cleaning and scouring, such Ditches, Gutters, and Watercourses, and in making or amend* ikuwf*

ing such Trunks, Tunnels, Plats, or Bridges, and in cutting and pruning such Hedges respectively, by the Person or Persons who ought to have done the same, over and above the said Forfeiture; and in case such Person or Persons shall, upon Demand* refuse or neglect to pay the said Survevm his

850 C. 78.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

a. a

1773.

Charges and Expences occasioned thereby respectively, and also the said Forfeiture of One Penny btr Foot, then the said Surveyor shall apply to any Justice of the Peace; and, upon making Oath before him of Notice being given to the Defaulter in Manner aforesaid, and of the said Work being done by such Surveyor, and of the Expences attending the same, the said Surveyor shall be repaid by such Person or Persons all such his said Charges as shall be allowed to be reasonable by the said Justice; or, in Default of Payment thereof on Demand, the same shall be levied in such Mariner as the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted are directed to be levied.

Timsiof cuttUg

XIII. Provided nevertheless, That no Person or Persons, shall be compelled, nor any Surveyor Hedges, permitted, by virtue of this Act, to cut or prune any Hedge at any other Time than between the last

mdof felling Day of September and the last Day of March; and that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to oblige any Person or Persons to fell any Timber Trees growing in Hedges at any Time whatsoever, except where the Highways shall be ordered to be enlarged, as herein after mentioned, or to Cut down or grub up any Oak Trees growing within such Highway, or in such Hedges, except in the Months of April, May, or June, or any Ash, Elm, or other Trees, in any other Months thair in the Months of December, January, February, or March.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where the Ditches, Gutters, or Watercourses, which have been usually made, or which are herein-before directed to be made, clean fed, and kept open, shall not be- sufficient to carry off the Water which shall lie upon and annoy the Highways; that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Surveyors, by the Order of any One or more of the said Justices, to make new Ditches and Drains in and through the said Lands and Grounds adjoining, or lying near to such Highways, or, in and through any otiier Lands or Grounds, if it shall be necessary, for the more easy and effectually carrying off such Water from the said High-, ways, and also to keep such Ditches, Gutters, or Watercourses, scoured, cleanfetl, and opened; and the said Surveyors, and their Workmen, are hereby authorised to go upon the said Lands for the Purposes aforesaid: Provided that the said Surveyors make proper Trunks, Tunnels, Plats, Bridges, or Arches, over such Ditches, Gutters, or Watercourses, where the same shall be necessary, for the convenient Use and Enjoyment of the Lands or Grounds through which the same shall be made, and, from Time to Time, keep the same in Repair; and do also make Satisfaction to the Owner or Occupier of such Lands which are not Wafts or Common, for the Damages which he, she, or they, shall sustain thereby; to be settled and paid in such Manner as the Damages for getting Materials in several or inclosed Lands or Grounds are hereafter directed to be settled and paid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyors of the Highways shall, and they are hereby required to make, support, and maintain, or cause to be madfupporced, and maintained, every publick Cartway leading to any Market Town, Twenty Fe:t wide at the leuft; and every publick Horseway or Driftway, Eight Feet wide at the least, if the Ground between the Fences inclosing the same will admit thereof.

Tree*, &c, growing in th5 Highways#

Where the old Ditches, Gut-. ten,i r Watercourses are in-sufficient, new ones may be made#

Cartways to Market Towns are to be made 20 Feet wide, and Herfeways or Driftways Bight Feet wide,

der narrow Roads to be widened

t/

or diverted and turned.

Surveyors to agree with Owers of Lands

t ft' or-

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where it shall appear, upon the View of der narrow^ 2nY Two or more of the said Justices of the Peace, that the Ground or Soil of any Highway between the Fences thereof is not of sufficient Breadth, and may be conveniently widened and enlarged, or that the same cannot be conveniently enlarged, and made commodious for Travellers, without diverting and turning the same 5 such Justices shall, and they are hereby impowered, within their respective Jurisdictions, to order such Highways respectively to be widened and enlarged, or diverted and turned, in such Manner as they shall think fir, so that the said Highways, when enlarged and diverted, shall not exceed Thirty Feet in Breadth; and that neither of the said Powers do extend to pull down any House or Building, or t > take away the Ground of any Garden, Park, Paddock, Court, or Yard; and for the Sitisfadion of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who are. seised or possessed of, or interest d in their own Right, or in Trust for any other Person or Persons, in ferRecompeace; the said Ground that shall be laid into the said Highways respectively, so to be enlarged, or through which such Highway, so to be diverted and turned, shall go, the said Surveyor, under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Justices, shall, and is hereby impowered to make an Agreement with him, her, or them, for the Recompence to be made for such Ground, and for the making such new Ditches and Fences as shall be n/ceflary, according and in Proportion to the several and respective Interests therein, and also with any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, that may be injured by the enlarging, altering, or diverting such Highways respectively, for the Saris-arJ if the can- ^at*on to be made to him, her, or them respectively, as aforesaid: And if the said Surveyor under the not*reJ* *' Direction, and with the Approbation, of the said Justices, cannot agree with the said Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or if he, she, or they, cannot be found, or shall refuse to treat, or take such Rtcompence or Satisfaction as shall be ofieicd to them respectively by such Surveyor; then the Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the Limit wherein ^l,c^ ^roun^ he, upon Certificate in Writing, signed by the Justices making such View as afore-^ 7aJury said, of their Proceedings in the Premises, and upon Proof of Fourteen Days Notice in Writing having been given by the Surveyor of such Parish, Township, or Place, to the Owner, Occupier, or other Person or Persons, Bodies Politkk or Corporate, interested in such Ground, or to his, her, or their Guardian, Trustee, Clerk, or Agent, signifying an Intention to apply to such Quarter Sessions for the Purpo.V of nking such Ground, iliali imnanel a Jury of Twelve disinterested Men out of the Persons return ft to serve as jurymen, at f-icli 'garter Sessions; and the said Jury shall, upon their Oaths, to the baA of taeir judgement, a ft: is the Damages to be given, and Reconi pc nee to be made,

st th- Quarter Sessions.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 78. 85*

to the Owners and others interested as aforesaid in the said Ground, for their respective Interests, as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding Forty Years Purchase for the clear yearly Value of the Ground so laid out, and ftkewife such Recompence as they shall think reasonable, for the making of new Ditches and Fences on the Side or Sides of the said Highways that shall be so enlarged or diverted, and also Satisfaction to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, that may be otherwise injured by the enlarging or diverting the said Highways respectively; And, upon Payment On Payment $ or Tender of the Money so to be awarded and allefled to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Money aflcffVd, Corporate, intitled to receive the same, or leaving it in the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace of Greundto be such Limit, in case such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, cannot be found, or (halHce"*.1 Pub* refuse to accept the same, for the (Jfe of the Owner of, or others interested in, the said Ground, the Highway, Inter?ft of the said Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, in the said Ground, shall be for ever diverted out of them, and the said Ground, after such Agreement or Veidid as aforesaid, shall be esteemed and taken to be a publick Highway, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; saying, nevertheless to the Owner or Owners of such Ground all Mines, Minerals, and Foflils, lying under the same, which can or may be got without breaking the Surface of the said Highway; and also ail Timber and Wood growing upon such Ground, to be fallen and taken by such Owner or Owners within One Month after such Order shall have been made, or in Default thereof, to be fallen by the said Survyor or Surveyors witfiin the respective Months aforesaid, and laid upon the Land adjoining, for the Benefit of the said Owner or Owners: And where there shall not appear sufficient Money in Where there it the Hands of the Surveyor or Surveyors, for the Purposes aforesaid, then the said Two Justices, in not Money case of Agreement, or the said Court of Quarter Sessions, after such Verdict as aforesaid, shall order ficient’ an equal Assessment to be made, levied, and coileded, upon all and every the Occupiers of Lands,

Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, in the respective rarnnes, Town ships, or Places, of the JufLce* where such Highways shall lie, and direct the Money to be paid to the Person or Persons, Bodies Po- at their Qwtfurr ]itick or Corporate, so interested in such Manner as the said Justices, or Court of Quarter* Sections Sessiona*. respectively, shall direct and appoint: And the Money thereby raised shall be employed and acounted for, according to the Ord^r and Direction of the said Justices, or Court of Quarter Sessions respectively, for and towards the purchasing the Land to enlarge or divert the said Highways, and for the making the said Ditches and Fences, and also Satisfaction for the Damages sustained thereby; ancf the said Assessment, if not paid within Ten Days after Demand, shall, by Older of the said Justices, or Court of Quarter Sessions respectively, be levied by the said Surveyor, in the Manner herein after mentioned: Provided that no such Assessment to be made in any One Year shall exceed the Rate of Sixpence in the Pound of the yearly Value of the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Heredi- not exmdiiip taments, so assessed. 6d. in the Pound*.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when any such new Highways shall be made as aforesaid, oi<* Highway ‘ the old Highway shall be stopped up, and the Land and Soil thereof shall be sold by the said Sur- Soil veyor, with the Approbation of the said Justices, to some Person or Persons whose Lands adjoin there- by th#Sur* to, if he, she, or they, shall be willing to purchase the same, if not, to some other Person or Per- v*yor*

fons, for the full Value ^hereof: But if such old Road shall lead to any Lands, House, or Place, subject to an* which cannot in the Opinion of such Justices respectively be accommodated with a convenient Way and Passage from such new Highway, which they are hereby authorised to order and lav out, if they find it necessary; then, and in such Case, the said old Highway shall only be fold subject to the Right of Way and Pail’age to such Lands, House, or Place respectively, according to the ancient Usage in* that Respect; and the Money arising from such Sale, in either of the said cases, shall be applied towards the Purchase of the Land where such new Highway shall be made: And upon Payment or Tender of the Money so to be agreed for as aforesaid, and upon a Certificate being signed by the said Two Justices, or by the Chairman of the said Court of Quarter Sessions, in case the la/ne shall be determined there, describing the Lands so fold, and expressing the Sum so agreed for, and directing to» whom the same shall be paid; and upon the Purchaser’s taking a Receipt for such Purchase money from the Person in tilled to receive the same, by an Indorsement on the Back of such Certificate, the Soil of such old Highway shall become vested in such Purchase and his Heirs; but all Mines, Mine* and Mfc* Minerals, and Foflils, lying under the same, shall continue to be the Property of the Person or Per- ncrMisrefervedt* fons who would from Time to Time have been intitled to the same, if such old Highway had con- Owner*, tinued there.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict for CostiofPao--more Monies, as a-R^com^ence for the Right, Interest, or Property, of any Person or Persons, Bodies ceedmgiby Politick or Vorporate* in such-Lands or Grounds, or for the making such Fence, or for such Damage wh«n*p

or Injury to be sustaintjd by him, her, or them respectively, as aforesaid, than what shall have been proposed and offered by ^he laid Surveyor, before such Application to the said CJourt of Quarter Sessions, as aforesaid; that then, and in such case, the Costs.and Expences attending the said several Proceedings shall be borne and paid by the Surveyor of the said Highway, out of the Monies in his or their Hands, or to be assessed and levied by virtue and under the Powers of this Act; but if such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict for no more, or for leys Monies than shall have been so offered and pro--posed by the said Surveyor, before such Application to> the said Court or Quarter Sessions that then, the said Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick pr Corporate, who shall have refused to accept the Recommence and* SatUfadioar so offered to him, her, or therox as. aforesaid*. ' r

852 C.,-7$.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Highways, Bri-

XIX. And be it farther enabled. That when it shall appear, upon the View of any Two or more a.cways, and of tfte said Justices of the Peace, that any publick Highway, not in the Situation herein-before de-bM!Tncd’"the ri be d, or publick Bridleway, or Footway, may be diverted, so as to make thr fame neardr or' fuCcTat h i/ more commodious to the Publick, and the Owner or Owners of the Lands and Ground? through1 Special SdTicns which Inch new Highway, Bridleway, or Footway, is proposed to be made, shal) consent thereto/ -wi h thf Con lent by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, it shall and may be lawful, by Or-°*n'"of der of such Justices, at some Special Sessions, to divert and turn, and to flop up such Footway, tVcy *rcnearer anc^ to divert, turn, and flop up, and inclose, fell, and dispose of such old Highway (it Budlc-oriorecowc- way, and to purchase the Ground and Soil for such new Highway, Bridleway, or fnorway, by menttothfPab- such \v ays ard Means, and subject to such Exceptions and Conditions, in all Respects, as l«ck, and the old hciein-hcfore mentioned with regard to Highways to be widened or diverted; and where any such H gtuvay, Bridleway, or Footway, heiein iaft before described, shall be so ordered to be stopp- d up or inriofed, and such tuw H ghway, Bridleway, or Footway, set out and appropriated in lieu thereof, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons injured or ;:g-' grieved by any such Order or Proceeding, or by the Inclosure of any Rmd or Highway, by virtue

ones nuj be

topped up and inc ofed.

Appeal nnv be imd« to the Quarter Sessions to Proceeding* by Writ of Ad <]uoi1 ti.imnnm, or othervnl'e.

of any Inquisition taken upon any Writ ol /Id quod damnum, to make his or their Complaint thcrco by Appeal to the Justices of

Limit where the same shall the Pc ice at the next Quarter Sessions, which shall be holden within the lie, after such Order made or Proceeding had, as aforesaid, upon givin

! to the Surveyor and Party interested in such inclosure, mat Purpose; if not, such Appeal may made upon the like oTjo s of the Peace, which Courts of Quarter Sessions ar£

Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal to the Surveyor and Party interested in if there shall be sufficient "I ime for 1!

Notice to the next iujiequent Quarter Scuo so

hereby respectiv1iyuauch01u4.il and impowered to hear and finally determine such Appels awdikno such Appeal be made. Or, being trade, such Order md Proceedings shall he confirmed by the said Cent, the find Inclosure? may be fn;d *, and ti e Lid Ways stopped, and the Proceedings tlun uprn shall be binding and conclusive to all Persons whon»fi>c\cr, and the new Highway, Lfridleway. or Font-lb to be ippiopriated and set out, shall he, ai d tbr ever after continue, a publick Highway, Bridleway, or Footway, to all intents and Purports vvnatfoewr; but no Inclosures -»f fuc’n old Highways or Bridleway, or Stoppage of such F otway, shall tv mad?, until such new Highways, Br way, or Footway, shall be compleated, and put into go<-d Condition and Two Justices of the Peace, upon' View thereof; which Certificat; (half be Peace, and by him inrolled amongst tie: Records of the said of Q

after such Certificate, such old Highways, Bridleway, or Footw..y, thail the Soil of such old Highway's or Bridleway fold, in t: e MarflSer* and f Rt strictions herein-before mentioned with respect to Highways to cl Corfcrrningtli^fc this Act: And where any PPghway, Bridleway, or Footway, 1farb4be

Twelve ^'lonths, cither from Nec^ffity, where the same have been destroyed by Floods, or Mips nr T'A'" " which they were made, or from other causes and Motives, if new Highways Bridle-

way?, or Footways, have been made in lieu thereof, neater or more commodious to the Puuiick, and the fume have been acquiesced in, and no Suitor Prosecution hath been tommenced for the diverting c\ turning the same, every new Highway, Bridleway, or Footway, set out and nfeJ in the Place ot th.r: Vo ‘ diverted and turned, shall from henceforth be the publick Highway, Bridleway, or Footway, so all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Persons liable to the Repair of any such old Highways, Bridleway, or Footway, so diverted and turned, or to be diverted and turned, as aforesaid, shal), in flic same Manner, be and continue liable to the Repair of such new Highways, Bridleway, or Foot-

Ko such Inc?o-furesto be rr.aL*e Way, until the new Hisbwjy*, &c. shal be compleated, and Certificate thrre&t returned to the Clerk of the Peace.

turned above 11*

Month. ,ni no the Grenin

Repair, and so certified by returned to the Clerk of the rtcr Sessions $ but Pom ?nd id may be stopped up, and "to the Rcfe: vat ions1 and d or diverted by virtue of erted and turned above c i;,^ r c

Prolecupon <0 tfcxne need.

7pt w!

rc any Agreement shall have been made relative to such Repairs^ between the Parries interfiled therein, which h.ith Lid ttie Burthen thereof, or of any Part thereof, upon any other Person or Persons in which Case the same shall be observed.

th.:

XX. Provided neverthuefs, and be it further enacted, That no common LAnd, lying between the Fences of any old Highway to be stopped up or inejofed by virtue of this Act shall be indofed; an-J

vhcie the Land lyu.g between the Fences of such Highway, not being common 'Land, final), upon

Tn whit Oaf;?, and in what Manner, and

q^. ^h^old Mc^u:lS exceed Thirty Feet in Brc.tdch, and not extenJ to Fifty Feet in Breadth, the f;«mc shall H t’hwa)sr,r the nct flopj.tfd up or inclosed*, until Sisti^faflio'n shall be made to the Owner of such Land, for so Lands lyre be- much the: cof as shall exceed the f..id Breadth of Thirty Feet; and if the Parties cann t agree in

t\v<*en the Fences mcM-.i 2, the f.nr, shall be

d.tooled Of.

the Satisfaction so to be made, the same shall be a ijuflei by the said Justices, or the Jury, if a Jury shall be rtnpi'nePeJ; and if the Land between the Fences inclosing such Highway^, not being common f.ar d, shall exceed Fifty ‘Feet in Breadth upon a Medium, or if :the laid old Road, so to be diverted or turned shall lie through the of?n Field or Ground belonging to any particular Person or Persons, such Person or Person^, and alf6 the Person or Persons intitled to the Land bVtween the Fences on the^ §idc of such Highway, "shall respectively hold and enjoy the Land and Soil of such old Highway, and pay to the Surveyor, for the Use of the 'Highways,' so much Money &s shall be agreed upon between, the Parties; br if they scannot agree, so much as shall be deemed and adjudged by the uid Justices, or Ju:y, if such Jury shall be impanelled, as aforesaid, to be adequate to the Pui-clufe of it, estimating such Highway at Thirty Feet in Breadth, upon an Average.

When Foot-

\v.*ys through t’nd

d be it funner enacted, That where any Footway &all be diverted by virtue of this Actt

a Land belonging to the same Person who owned the Land through which such old Foot-

in W IV ^ame ^judged and deemed an Exchange only, and no Satisfaction or Compen-

w!u* M.tri-ron shall be made, unless the Land to be used for such new Footway shall be of greater Length, t!v Owr.fn of a.ul t>fgieater Value, than the Land used for such old Footway; and where the said Footway shall th La..*s shall not be turned through the Lands belonging to the same Person, the Damage occasioned by such old n Ac .,n«ir«ce;vc|;oolway l0 the Lands through which it lay, if the Parties interested shall not agree in adjusting the

S.u*'jd:on. 4 a J -iy

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 7^, 853

fame, shall be adjudged bytTwa indifferent Persons, the One to be named by the Owner of the Land, and the other by the said Two Justices; and if the Persons so to be nominated cannot agree therein, they shall chulc some Third Pei fern to adjudge the same, whose Determination shall be final; and the Money at which such Damages shall be act’eifed shall be applied in making Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners of the Land through which such new Footway shall be made.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if in any Parish, Township, or Place, where any Highway justices to older shall be diverted and turned by virtue of this Act, it shall appear to the Justices who are hereby un*.<rcefl»ry authorised to view or inquire into the same, that there are other Highways within such Parish, H-ghwaysube Township, or Place, be Tides that so to be diverted and turned, which may, without Inconvenience to ^PP*1 UP* the Publick, be diverted into such new Highway hereby authorised to be made, or into any other Highway or Highways within such Parish, Townftrip, or Place, and the Charge of repairing such Highway or Highways may ba thereby laved to such Pa/ifti, Township, or Place, it shall and may

be lawful for such Jullicts to order such Highway or Highways, which shall appear to them unne-ctflary, to be (topped up, and the Soil thereof fold, in such Manner, and subject to such Restrictions, and such Right of Appeal to the Party or Parties aggrieved thereby, as are herein-before respectively directed and given concerning the Highways, to be stopped up or inclosed.

XXIII. And be it further truck'd. That every Surveyor shall and may, from Time to Time, give justjeeson tn-

Information upon Oath to the said Justices, or any Two or more of them, of all such Highways, and formation of of all Bridges, Ciufcways, or Pavements, upon such Highways, as are out of Repair, and ought to be Surveyor, may repaired by any Person or Persons. Bodies Politick or Corporate, by reason of any Grant, Tenure, order High ways# Li nitatioff^ Ilf Appointment, of any cfiarltable tLiilt, or oiacrwiie nowloever; and the said lultices b^"

{lull limit a Time ror"repairing the lame, or whion Notice shall be given by the said Surveyor to the &c.robe Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands or Tenements liable to the Burthen of such Repairs, or to such Kp.ired within other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, as are chargeable with the same; and if such a limited Tmcj Repairs shall not be effectually nude within the Time so limited, the said Justices shall, and are and 11 re*

hvreby required to present such Highways, Bridges, causeways, or Pavements, so out of Repair, to* ^Trimc'ma

gether with the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, liable to repair the same, at the next parent them.* General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Limit wherein such Highway shall lie, and the Justices at such Quarter Sessions may, if they fee just Cause, direct the Prosecution to be carried on at the

general Expence of such Limit, and to ne paid out of the general Rates within the same.

XXIV. And be it further# nufted. That every Justice of Assize, Justices of the Counties Palatine justices of Af-rf ChrjJrr, Larsasler, and Dmha:ny and of the G. cat Sections in JTalcsy shall have Authority by this fire and of the Statute, upon his or their own View, aifd every justice of the Peace, either upon his own View, or Pejcr, &c. to upon Information upon Oath to Ijm giveiTTjy any purveyor of the Highways, to make Presentment, wake Prefer*r-at their respective ATIivcs or Great beiirons, or in the open Ucneral Quarter Sessions, of such ic- "t$£C out# fpcdiive Limit of any Highway, causew; y, or Bridge, not well and sufficiently repaired and amended, Repair.

or of any other ILfiult or Offence committed and done contrary to the Provision and Intent of this Statute; and that all Defects in the Repair thereof shall be presented in such Jurisdiction where the fix.a do lie, and not elsewhere; and that no such Presentment, nor any Indictment for any such Default or Offence, shall be removed by Certiorari, or otherwise, out of such Jurisdiction, till such In-ciiciment or Piclent nent hr travel fed, and Judgement thereupon given, except where the Duty or Obligation of repairing the said Highways, causeways, or Bridges, may come in Question; and that every such Presentment made by any such Justice of Assize, Counties Palatine, Great Sessions, or of the Peace, upon his own View, or upon such Information having been given’to such Justice of the Pea^c, upon the Oath of such Surveyor of the Highways, as aforesaid, shall be as good, and of the same Force, Strength, and Lftedt, in the Law, as if the same had been presented and found by the Oaths of Twelve Men; and that for every such Default or Offence so presented, as aforesaid, the Justices of Assize, Counties Palatine, and Great Sessions, at their respective Courts, and the Justices of the Pence, at their General Quarter Sessions, shall have Authority to assess such Fines as to them shall be thought meet: Saving to every Person and Persons that shall be affected by any such Presentment, his, her, or their lawful Traverse to the same Presentment, as well with respect to the Fact of Nonrepair as to the Duty or Obligation of repairing the said Highways, as they might have had upon any Indictment of th fame, presented and found by a Grand Jury; and the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions, or the major Part of them, may, if they fcejult Cause, direct the Pro* fecutions upon inch Presentments as shall be made at the Quarter Sessions, as aforesaid, to be carried on at the general Expence of such Limit, and to be paid out of the general Rates within the same,

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, at any Special Sessions to |un;ref ma be held by virtue of this Act, may, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, order and appoint those ccr wh» H;bh-Highways, (not being Turnpike Road), which in their Opinion do moil want Repair within ttieir way«?flullbe Jurisdiction, to be first amended, aitd at what Time, and in what Manner, the same shall be amend- fuftrepaired, ed; according to which Order, if such there be, all and singular the reflective Surveyors of the said Highways are hereby required to proceed within their respective Liberties.

XXVI. And, for the better Convenience of Travellers, where several Highways meet, be it fur- DirectionToft* ther enacted, That the said Justices, at some Special Sessions to be held for the Purposes of this Act, whcieaodhoif shall# issue their Precept to the Surveyor of the Highways for any Parish, Township, or Place, where tobceicded. several Highways meet, and there is no proper or sufficient Direction Poit, or Stone, already fixed

or erected, requiting him forthwith to cause to be erected or fixed, in the most convenient Place

854 C. 78.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii JII,

A.D. 1773.

Materials, where and in what Manner to be taken by Surveyors,

where such Ways meet, a Stone or Poll, with Inscriptions thereon, in large Jegible Letters, painted oh each-Side thereof, containing the Nami or Names of the next Market Town or Towns, or other considerable Place or Places, to which the said Highways respe£Hvely lead; and also at the several Approaces or Entrances to such Parts of any Highways as are subject to deep or dangerous Floods, graduated Stones or Pofo, denoting the Depth of Water in the deepest Part of the same, and likewise such Direction Polls or Stones, as the said Justices shall judge to be necessary, for the guiding 06 Travellers in the best and safest Tract through the said Floods or Waters; and the said Surveyor shall be reimbursed the Expences of providing and erecting the same respectively out of the Monies which shall be received by him or them, punuant to the Directions of this Act; and in case any Surveyors shall, by the Space of Three Months after such Precept to him directed and delivered, neglect or refuse to cause such Stones or Pods to be fixed, as aforesaid, every such Offender shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

XXVII. And for the better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Highways, and providing of Materials for that Purpose, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every Surveyor, to be appointed as aforesaid, to take and carry away, or cause to be taken and carried away, so much of the Rubbish or Refuse Stones, of any Quarry or Quarries, lying and being within the Parish, Township, or Place, where he shall be Surveyor, (except such as shall have been got by the Survey or of any Turnpike Road), without the Licence of the Owner or Owners of such Quarries, as they shall judge necessary, for the Amendment of the said Highways, but hot to dig or get Stone in such Quarry without Leave of the Owner thereof; and also that it shall and may be lawful for every such Surveyor, for the Use aforesaid, in any waste Land or common Qropnd, River, or Brook, within the Paridv, Township, or Place, for which he shall be% Surveyor, or within any other Parish, Township, or I-lace, wherein Gravel, Sand, Chalk, Stone, or other Materials are refipedtivelylikely to be found, (in case sufficient cannot be conveniently had within the Parish, Township, or rlace, where the same are to be employed, and sufficient shall be left for the Use of the Roads in such other Parish, Township, or Place), to search for, dig, get, and carry away the same, so that the said Surveyor doth not thereby divert or interrupt the Course of such River or Brook, or prejudice or damage any Building, Highway, or Foid, nor dig or get the same out of any River or Brook within the Distance of One hundred Feet above or below any Bridge, nor within the like Distance of any Dam or Wear; and likewise to gather Stones lying upon any Lands or Grounds within the Parish, Township, or Place, where such Highway shall be, for such Service and Purpose, and to take and carry away so much of the said Materials as by the

without nuking ^cret*on of the said Surveyor shall be thought necessary to be employed in the Amendment of the 1 8 said Highways, without making any Satisfaction for the said Materials; but Satisfaction shall be made

for all Damages done to the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons, by carrying away the same, in the Manner herein after, directed for getting and carrying Materials in inclosed Lands or Grounds; but no such Stones shall be gathered without the Consent of the Occupier of such Lands or Grounds, or a Licence from a Justice of Peace for that Purpose, after having summoned such Occupier to come before him, and heard his Reasons, if he shall appear and give any, for refusing his Consent.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained, relative to the gathering or getting of Stones, shall extend to any Quantity of Land, (being private Property), covered with Stones thrown up by the Sea, commonly called Beach.

Satisfadioft f

but Satisfaction to be made for Damages done by carrying them away*

Net to extend to Stones thrown up by the Sea, called Beach.

If sufficient Ma<

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every such Surveyor, for the urials^acnot^be Use aforesaid, to search for, dig, and get Sand, Gravel, Chalk, Stone, or other Materials, if sufficient found in waste cannot conveniently be had within nich waste Lands, common Grounds, Rivers, or Brooks, in and through any of the several or inclosed Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, within the Parish, Township, or Place where the same shall be wanted, or by Licence from two Justices of the Peace, at a Special Sessions within any other Parish, Township, or Place, adjoining or lying near to the Highway for which such Materials shall be required, if it shall appear to such Justices that sufficient Materials cannot be conveniently had in the Parish, Township, or Place, where such Highways lie, or in the waste Lands, or common Grounds, Rivers, or Brooks, of such adjacent Parish, Township, or Place, and that a sufficient Quantity of Materials wii he left for the Use of the Pa:i(h, Township, or Place, where the same shall be, (such Lands or Grounds not being a Garden, Yard, Avenue to a House, Lawn, Park, Paddock, or inclosed Plantation), and to take and carry away so much of the said Materials as by the Discretion of the said Surveyor shall be thought necessa y to be employed in the Amendment of the said Highways 5 the said Surveyor making such Satisfaction for the Damage to be done to such Lands or Grounds by the getting and carrying away the same, as shall be agreed upon between him and the Owner, Occupier, or other Person interested in such Lands or Ground lelpedlively, in the Presence and with the Approbation of Two or more substamial Inhabi-InwhatMannet tafrs of such parish, Township, or Place; and in case they cannot agree, then such Satisfaction and b;-;ieT18 ° Recon.pence shall be settled and ascertained by Order of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Limit where such Land or Ground shall lie: And in such Places, where, from the want of Clay may be got other Materials, burnt Clay may be substituted in the Place thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the and l urnt into Surveyor to dig Clay in such Places as he is hereby authorised to dig Chalk or Gravel, and to dry the same upon the Lands adjoining, and to bum the same upon any waste Lands or common Grounds, and to carry such Clay in such Manner as other Materials are allowed to be carried by this Acr, upon making such Satisfaction for the Damages within the several inclosed Lands or Grounds where such Clay shall be placed or carried, as herein directed with regard to other Materials: Provided that when the Owner 01 any such inclosed Lands shall have Occasion for any such Materials lying within the lame,

Lands, Sec, the Surveyor may take them from several or inclosed Lands or Grounds,

making Satis-fadti^n to the Owners.

Materials for repaying the Highways,

A.D. 1773. Anno dedtnb tertio Giioftbii ITI. C. 78. 855

for the Repair of any Highway, or other Broads or Ways upon his Inflate, or which, he shall be under Obligation to repair, and shall give Notice to such Surveyor that he apprehends there will not be sufficient for those Purposes, and also for the Use of the publick Highways; then, and in every such Case, the Surveyor shall not be permitted to dig or take such Materials without the Consent of such Owner, or an Order of Two Justices of the Peace, after having summoned and heard the said Owner or Occupier, or his Steward or Agent; which Justices are hereby authorised to inquire into the Nature; and Circumstances of the Case,- and to permit oMefeain^tK^h-iower, in such Manner, and under such Directions, as to theqj shall seem just.

XXX. And whereas in fbme Parishes, Townships, or Places, ther$ may not be sufficient Materials i.ncur-

for the Repair of the Highways within the same, nor within the waste Lands, common Grounds, Ri- Materi^mSlc* vers, or Brooks, of any other Parish, Township, or Place, lying within a convenient Distance from ingsttitfiaioii* such Highway, by reason whereof the Surveyor of such Highway may be forced to buv such Materials^ for

and to make Recompence and Satisfaction to the Owner or Occupier oFincIoled Xands for Damage which may he done by getting and carrying thereof: And whereas jio Provision is made for raising a Fund to reimburse the Expences thereof, and also such Expences as |he said Surveyors may incur, by erecting Guide-posts, or other Ports oriitones, and by making or repairing such Trunks, Tunnels,

Plats, Bridges, or Arches, as aforesaid, and by rendering Satisfaction for Damages doneXo Lands by the mak-j ing of new Ditches or Drains, nor for the Salary to be paid by such Parish, Township, or Place, to such,

Surveyor as aforesaid; be it therefore enacted, That upon Application by such Strrveybr to the Justices o» Application of the Peace, at their Special Sessions, and Oath made of the Sum or Sums of Money which ne hath to Justice*, at a, bona fide laid out and expendedror which will be required for the Purposes aforesaid, the Caid justices,^ or any Two or more of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered, by Warrant under theii; Hands Assessmwt and Seals, to cause an equal Assessment to be made for the Purposes aforesaid, upon fll Occupiers of

Lands, Tenements, W oods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, within such Parish, Township, pr Places where such Money shall be so expended or laid out; and the same shall be made and collected, by such Person or Persons, and allowed in such Manner, as the said Justices, by their Order at such Sessions,:

shall direct and appoint in that Behalf; and the Money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted, for, according to the Direction of the said Justices, for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Assessmeny;

shall be levied in such Manner as herein-a(ter mentioned: Provided nevertheless, That no such Assess-sot exeteding ment to be made for those or^any of those Purposes, in any One Year, shall exceed the Rate of Six- d.in the pence in the Pound, of the yearly Value of the Lands, enements, Woods, Tithes, and Heredita- ound* ments, io to be assessed. t i

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Surveyor, or Person employed by him, shall, by if pittirHdt* reason of the searching for, digging, or getting any Gravel, Sand, Stones, Chalk, Clay, or other Ma- are made materials for repairing any Highways, make, or cause to be made, any Pit or Hole in any such Lands or-ting Material*, Grounds, Rivers or Brooks, as aforesaid, wherein such Materials shall be found, such Surveyor, Per- Jh® Surveyor son or Persons, shall forthwith cause the same to be sufficiently fenced off, and such Fence supported tTbe filled Im* and repaired, during such Time as the said Pit or Hole shall continue open, and shall, within Three or fenced off; Days after such Pit or Hole shall be opened or made, where no Gravel, Stones, or Materials shall be.

found, cause the same to be forthwith filled up, levelled, and covered with the Turf or Clod which was, dug out of the same; and where any such Materials shall be found, within Fourteen Days after having dug up sufficient Materials in such rit or Hole, cause the same to be filled up, (loped down, or fenced oft, and so continued 5 and every Surveyor shall, within Twenty Days after he shall be appointed to that Office, cause all the said Pits and Holes which shall then he open, and not likely to be further useful, to be filled up or (loped down, in Manner aforesaid; and if they are likely to be further useful, he shall secure the same by Posts and Rails, or other Fences, to prevent Accidents to Persons or Cattle; and or forfeit xoi* in case such Surveyor, Person or Persons, shall neglect to fill pp, (lope down, or fence off, such Pit or for every Ne-, Hole, in Manner and within the Time aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings forays every such Default: And in case such Surveyor, Person or Persons, shall neglect to fence-off such Pit md for every or Hoto, or to (lope down the same as herein-before directed, for the Space of Six Days after he or cg]ta after they shall have received Notice for either of those Purposes from any Justice of the Peace, or from the NotiCC 8,vcn> Owner or Occupier of such several Ground, River, or Brook, or any Person having Right of Common within such common or waste Lands, as aforesaid, and such Neglect and Notice shall be proved upon Oath before One or more of the said Justices of the Peace, such Surveyor, Person or Persons,

shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, for every such a Sum not ex-Neglect; to be determined and adjudged by such Justice or Justices, and to be laid out and ceeding 101, applied in the fencing off, filling up, or (loping down, such Pit or Hole, and toward the Repair 0fnor iels than the Roads in the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, in such Manner40*’ as the said Justice or Justices shall diretff and appoint; which Forfeiture, in case the same be not forthwith paid, shall be levied as other Forfeitures are herein after directed to be levied,

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Stone, Gravel, or Materials, to be Materialsdug,

dug for the Use of any other Parish, Township, or Place, than that wherein the same are found, shall an Vmh^r Kurfffi be removed or carried from the Place where they shall be so dug^at any other Time than between t0be°removed the First Day of April and the 'First Day of November, or in the Time of hard Frost in the Winterin Summer or Season. hard Frost.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, Ttat if any Person lhajlidig,.pr cause to be dug, Materials for persongda4nag. the Highways, contrary to the "Direction of this Act, whereby any Bridge, Mill, Building, Dam, ing m.iu,

5 R 2 High- Bu sings,

Pams, CvC by

856 C. 78.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D.

digging Materials, forfeit not exceeding 5l. nor lefa than not.

Statute-duty,

in respsft of keeping a learn or occupying Lands, &c»

1773

Highway, Ford, Mines, or Tin-works, may be damaged or endangered; every Offender therein shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five bounds, nor Jess than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Court or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyor, to be appointed as aforesaid, together with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, within each Parish, Township, or Place, shall, at proper Seasons in every Year, use their Endeavours for the Repair of the Highways, and shall be chargeable tl ereunto, as followeth; that is to say, Kvery Person keeping a Waggon, Cart, Wain, Plough, or Tumbiel, and Thr^e or more HorTeTor iFalb of Draught used to draw the same, shall be deuned to keep a Team, JJraught, or Plough, and be liable to perform Statute-duty with the same, in the Parish, Township, or Place, where he rdides, md shall, Six Days in every Year, (1 f so many Days shall be Found necfssary), to be computed from /U/-chaclmas \o Michaelmas? lend on every Day, and at every PI ice, to be appointed by the Surveyor for the amending the Highways in such Parish, TowiUhip, or Place, One Wain, Cart, or Carriage, fur-n.shed after the Custom of the Country, with Oxen, Horses, or other Cattle, and all other NectlTaries fit to carry Things for that Purposi*, and also Two able Men with such VVain, Cart, or Carriage; which Duty so performed shall excuse every such Persondrbm"nis Duty in such Parish, Township, or Place, in respect of all Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments, not exceeding the annual Value of Fifty Pounds, which he shall occupy therein: And every Person keeping such Team, Draught, or Plough, and occupying in the same Parish, Township, or Place, Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, over and beyond the said yearly Value of Fihv Pounds, in respect whereof 7uch Team-duty shall be performed, and every such Person occupying Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, in any other Parish, Township, or Place, besides that wherein he resides, and every, other Person not keeping a Team, Draught, or Plough, but occupying Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, in any Parish, Township, or Place, shall, in like Manner respectively, and for the same Number of Days, find and fend One Wain, Cart, or Carriage, furnished with not Id’s than Three Horses, or Four Ox<*n and One Horse, and Two Oxen and Two Horses, and Two able Men to each Wain, Cart, or Carriage; and, in like Manner, for every Fifty Pounds per Annum rdpcctively which every such Person shall further occupy, in any such Parish, Township, or Place respectively, such Wains, Carts, or Carriages, to be employed by the Surveyor in the repairing and amending the Highways within the Parish, Township, or'Place, where such Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments, shall rdpcctively lie; and every Person who shall not keep a Team, Draught, or Plough, but shall occupy Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments, under the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, in the Parish, Township, or Place, where he resides, or in any other Parish, Township, or Place, and every Person keeping a Team, Draught, or Plough, and occupying Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments, under the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, in any other Parish, Township, or Place, than that wherein he resides, shall respectively contribute to the Repair of the Highways, and pay to the Surveyor of such Parish, Township, or Place respectively, in lieu of such Duty, the Sums following; videlicet, For every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value of such Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments respectively, the Sum of One Penny for every Day’s Statute-duty which shall be required and called for by the Surveyor of such Parish, Township, or Place respectively, in every Year, not exceeding Six Days Duty in the Whole, as aforesaid; and every such Person respectively shall, in like Manner, pay the Sum of One Penny for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value of the Land?, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, which he shall occupy in any such Parish, Township, or Place respectively, above the annual Value of Fifty Pounds, an Jless than One hundred Pounds,^ and lo for every Twenty Shillings that each progressive and intermediate annual Value of Twenty Shilling*, of the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, which he shall so occupy, shall fall short of the further Increase of Fifty Pounds, in every Pai ifh, Township, or Place, where such Lai ds, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, shall respectively lie, for every Day’s Scat utt-duty so to be required as aforesaid; which said several Sums shall be considered as Compositions, and shall h&^paiduo the Surveyor of the Parish, Township, or Place, in which they are charged. Money are to be for the Use of the Highways therein, at the Time such Compositions are to be paid under the Authority 0! this Act, or within Fen Days after; or, in Default of such Payments, such Money shall be levied b> Diflrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons refusing to p y the same, in such Manner as the Forfeitures for the Neglect in performing the Statute-duty are hereby au-thonled to be levied and raised: Provided that no Person keeping such Team, D aught, or Plough, and pu forming Duty with the same, as aforesaid, in the Parish, To wo fn ip, or Place, where he resides, and not occupying Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments, within the fan e, of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds, shall be obliged to fend more than One Labourer with such Team, Draught, or Plough.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall not keep a Team, Draught, or Plough, but shall keep One or more Lai t or Carts, and One or Two Horses or Peafts of Draught only, used to draw in each of such Carts upon the Highways, shall be obliged to perform his Statute-duty for the like Number of Days with such Cart or Carts, and Horseor Horses, or Beasts of Draught, and OneLabouier to attend each Cart, or to pay for the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, which he shallt

occupy*

Contribution in

How these Contributions in

recovered*

The Duty re-qured from Persons who do not keep a Team, but keep One ox Two Hcrfes tried to draw.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 78. 857

occupy, according to the Rate aforesaid, at the Option of the Surveyor; and every Person \vho shall or who keep keep a Coach, roft-chaise, Chair, or other Wheel-carriage, and not keep a Team, Draught, or Post" Plough, nor occupy Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments, of the annual Value ofc"a,f#,&c*

Fifty Pounds, in the Parish, Township, or Place, where he shall reside, shall pay to the Surveyor One Shilling in respect of every such Day’s Statute-duty, for every Horse which he shall draw in any such Carriage*, or shall pay according to the Vahie of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which he shall occupy, according to the Rate aforesaid, at the Option of the Surveyor; and also every Man personaj Labour inhabiting in any Parish, Township, or Place, and being of the Age of Eighteen, and under the Age required from of Sixty Years, not chargeable in any of the Respects aforesaid for Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, Inhabitants or or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of Four Pounds, cr upwards, and not being born fide an Ap- whooccu-prentice or menial Servant, nor having performed the said Duty, or paid the Compositton for the Wthan fame, in any other Parish, Township, or Place, for that Year, shall, by themselves, or One sufficient Per Annjm# Labourer for every of the m, upon every of the said Days on which they shall be called forth by the said Surveyor, together with the said other Labourers, work and labour in the Amendment of the said Highways, as they shall be directed by such Surveyor; and if the said Teams, Draughts or Ploughs, tLu. IXututl: or any of them, ih all not bethought needful by the Surveyor, on any of the said Days, then every sent lieuof a such Person who should have sent any such Team, Draught or Plough, according to the Directions T«m,ifre-aforesaid, shall, according to the Notice to be given, as herein after directed, fend unto the said Work, quirtd, for every One so spared. Three able Men, there to labour as aforesaid, or to pay to the iaid"Surveyor the Sum of Four Shillings and Sixpence in lieu thereof; and all such Persons as aforesaid shall re-or4s. 6d. in speelively have and bring with Them such Shovels, Spades, Picks, Mattocks, and other Tools and In- Money* firuments as are uftful and proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and all the said Persons and Carriages During wh*t shall diligently perform the Work and Labour to which they shall be appoint ' ! by such Surveyor for Hour*, and untight Hours in every of the said Days, within such Parish, Township, or Place, or in getting and der what Reg*- carrying Materials in and from any other Parish, Township, or Place, to be employed in the Repair of the Highways of the Parish, Township, or Place, for which they shall be required to perform such Duty and Labour as aforesaid: And if any Person fending a Team, as aforesaid, shall not fend a sufficient Labourer besides the Driver, (except as herein-berore mentioned); or if any such Labourer, or Driver, or any other Labourer, or the Driver of any Cart, required by this Act to perform Statute-duty as aforesaid, shall refuse to work and )abour, during the Time above mentioned, according to the Direction of the Surveyor; or if any Driver shall refuse to carry proper and sufficient Loads; it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor to discharge every such Team, Cart, or Labourer, and to recover from the Owner of every such Team or Cart the Forfeiture which every such Person or Persons would have incurred by virtue of this Act, in case no such Team, Cart, or Labourer respectively had been sent.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor, where the The Surveyor

Employment for Teams is of such Sort that Two Horses will be sufficient for One Cart, or, where may call for Part a Stand Cart with One Horse shall be necessary, to call upon any Person liable to fend a Team, of a Team where* Draught, or Plough, by virtue of this Act, who keeps One or more Cart or Carts, and Three or th, nks !t nc*

more Horses, to fend such Cart or Carts, Horse or Horses, to perform his Statute-duty, as the Sur- K "ary* veyor shall find most convenient, and shall direct; and the Surveyor shall allow every such Stand Cart

and One Horse as Half a Team, and every Cart and Two Horses as Two-third3 of a Team; and if a Waggon shall be found necessary for any particular Business, the Surveyor may require the Duty, or any Part thereof, to be performed with such Wargon, by any Person who keeps One; which Directions of the Surveyors shall be observed, or the Person liable to perform such Duty shall forfeit such Sum as the Duty so required of him shall bear* in proportion to the Forfeiture hereby inflicted for every Neglect in performing Duty with a Team, Draught, or Plough.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Surveyor shall, from Time to Time, give to, what Notice to

or cause to be left at the House, or usual Place of Abode of every Person or Persons so liable to per- be given for perform such Duty or Labour, as in this Act directed, PVjr Days Notice at the least of the Day, Hour, forming the and Place, upon which each of the said Day's Duty shall be required to be* performed j and every Pu ?*,ur so Person or Persons making Default in finding and lending each Wain, Cart, or Carriage, furnished as or

aforesaid, and such able Men with the same, as herein required, or in performing the said Duty at the Nogictt.

Time and Place, and in the Manner, by this Act directed, shall, for £ very such Default or Neglect

in fending such Wain, Ca t, or Carriage, with such Men as aforein id. forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings; and for every Default in lending every Cart with One Horse and One Man, Three Shillings; and for not fending every Cart with Two Horses and One Man, Five Shillings:

And every Person or Persons making Default in fending any such Labourer, and even/ Person making Default in performing such Labour at the Time and Place, and in the Manner, directed by this Act, or in paying: such Cor -money for the same, as herein mentioned, shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit "the Sum ol One Shilling and Sixpence all yvhicLwJ?Qffeitures shall he Application of applied for the Use of the Highways within the Parish, Township, or Place, where the same shall the Forfeitures., arise; and the Ltd Surveyor shall. fairly and equally demand and require such Duty and LabourThe SarvcV°r« from evtry Person or Persons liable to perform the lame according to the Directions of this Act, so.rth *he without Eavouf or Partiality to any Person or Persons whomsoever: And if in any Parish, Town- y au

ship, or- Place,' it shall hot be necdiary toucan torch the wnoie Duty in any Year, it shall be abated in a just and equal Proportion among all Persons liable to the same; and the said Suneyor may and shall, and he is hereby required, with all convenient Speed, after Default made in Performance of such Duty or Labour as aforesaid, to proceed for the Recovery of the Penalffcs or Forfeitures

hereby

8 5-C, y8«

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

A.D.

Person* mvf.

compound for Statute-work*

Compositiom

fixed.

hereby inflicted for the same respectively, in Manner herein after dire£Ied, tfo that the same may be recovered before he makes up his Accounts in the Manner directed by this Act*

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons liable to perform the said Duty, by fending One or more Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Plough or Ploughs, with Men, Horses, or Oxen, in Manner aforesaid, Jihall and may compound for the same, if he, she, or they, shall think fit, by paying to the said Surveyor, at the lime, and in the Manner,-herein after mentioned, such Sum or Sums of Money as the Justices of the Peace for the Limit wherein such Parish, Townftiio, or Place, shall be, or the major Part' of them, at their said Special Sessions, to be held in the First Week after Michaelmas Quarter Sessions in every Year, shall adjudge and declare to be ,reasonable, not exceeding Six Shillings, nor less than Three Shillings, for each Team, Draught, or Plough, for each Day; and in Default of their adjudging and declaring the same, the Suili of Four Shillings and Sixpence for and in lieu of every such Day’s Duty for each Team, Draught, or Plough; and for every Cart and One Horse or Beast of Draught, Two Shillings; and for every Cart with Jwo Horses or Beasts of Draught, Three Shillings, for and in lieu of every Day's Duty; and every Inhabitant liable to perform such Duty or Labour, as aforesaid, and not chargeable in any other Respefly as aforesaid, shall and may compound for the same, if he, she, or they, shall think fit, by paying to the Surveyor the Sum of Four-pence for and in lieu of every such Day’s Duty or Labour respectively, at the Time, and in the Manner herein after directed for the Payment of

Ju!Hce»m»jr4i*

CompofUion-mone’

XXXIX.

>v.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Justices, at the perform- their Special Sessions, to be held in the Week next after Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, that, from the »ncc of Team Diredfcions herein before given for the performing and compounding the Statute-duty, there will be Duty or X*bo«r £)jfljCUlty in procuring the necessary Carriage, or a sufficient Number of Labourers for the Repair of parckub^Pantlr, the Highways, in any particular Parish, Township, or Place, withid their respective Limits, without L. where they paying high and extravagant Prices for the same, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to order find oxtuttfant. and direct the Team-duty hereby required, or so much thereof as they shall think rit, to be performed Prices required* in Kind, within every such Parish, Township, or Place, except in respect of such Teams as belong to Persons who do not occupy Lands, Tenements, Woods. Tithes, or Hereditaments, of the annual Value of Thirty Pounds within the same; and also to order the Labourers, liable by this Act to perform or compound for Statute-duty, or such Part of them as they shall think fit, to perform Six Days Labour upon such Highways in Kind, in case so many Days Duty shall be required, upon being paid for such Labour the usual and customary Wages given to Labourers in such Parish, Township, or Place, deducing the reout the Sum of Four-pence for each Day's Duty so performed, being the Com-

petition hereby allowed for Labourers: Provided that if Part of stich Teams or Labourers only are required, it shall be directed by the said Order of the Justices in some given Proportion, as One Half, Third, or Fourth, Part thereof \ and the Surveyor shall, in that Case, at a publick Vestry for such Parish, Township, or Place, put the Names of all the Persons liable by this Act to fend such Teams into One Hat or Box, and the Names of all the Persons liable to perform such Labour into another Hat or Box, and some Inhabitant then present shall draw out such Number from each as shall be equal to the Proportion so ordered by the said Justices, and the Persons so drawn shall perform such Duty in Kind for that Year and that if any such Order shall be made or continued in the subsequent Year, the same Method shall be observed, but the Names drawn in the preceeding Year shall not be put into such Hat or Box j and in every succeeding Year such Method and Regulation shall be observed by such Surveyor, as to render the Duty so required to be performed in Kind as equal amongst the several Persons liable thereto as may be: Which Order of the said Justices, so far as the same shall be extended, shall supersede the said Power or Liberty of compounding, and shall be binding and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall continue in Force until it shall be discharged or varied by the Justices at some subsequent Special Sessions for the Highways within such Limit, to be held in the Week next after Michaelmas Quarter Sessions j any Thing herein contained in the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Justice* mav mi-

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall keep a teethe Co»- Team, Draught, or Plough, and shall not occupy Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Heredita-potition where a ments, to the Value of Thirty Pounds per Annum, in the Parish, Township, or Place, where he shall faVn* hiTTeam re^lc^e> but so'Part Infill tainhis Horses and Beasts of Draught used in such Team upon or from p*’rtiy fr8omca Lands which he shall occupy in One or more adjacent Parish or Parishes, it shall and may be lawful Lands in another for the said Justices, at some Special Sessions, to mitigate and reduce the Duty or Composition so rc-Parish, quired to be performed or paid by such Person or Persons, in such Manner, and to such Sum, as they shall think just and reasonable.

Survey on to five

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Surveyor of every Parish, Township,

Notice of the or Place, shall, on some Sunday in November in every Year, cause Ten Days Notice at the leaftto be Timeand Place given in the ChuTch or Chapel 6t such Parish, Township, or'-Placed and if there be no Church or for compound- Chapel, or no Service performed therein, then at the mod publick Place there, and.reocat the like Notice in such Church, Chapel, or Place, on the next succeeding Sunday, of the time and Place when and where the Persons permitted under the Authority or this Affiand inclined to compound

cr: J*ri" tQ figg* gurveyor their Intention to compound;

or within ihc Space of One

lfl*

yvnen anu wncrciuc renuns pcnniucu unacr inc n

for the said "Duty, In Manner aforesaid, may^figmly and all and every Person or Persons signifying the (an

0 lame, whQ,

Calendar Month afterwards, pay to such Surveyor the Composition authorised and allowed1 by this Act,

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 78. #59

Act, shall be discharged from the Performance of such Duty, which Composition«4n6iiejr shall be cm- How the Com-ployed by the Surveyor for the Use of the Highways; and that no Composition shall be permitted, ^i°n"m°ncy<4 unless the same shall be paid at the Day, or within the Time aforesaid; but in Cases where thre Gc-cupation of any Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments, shall be changed, or any new p Ocj^pgnX.jor Inhabitant A alt-come to reside in such Parish, Township, or Place, after the Time appointed for such Composition, then the Person or Persons occupying such Lands, Tenements, Woods,

Tithes, or Hereditaments, or so residing in such Parish, Township, or Place, shall be allowed to compound in Manner aforesaid: Provided he, she, or they, shall pay the said Composition-money to the said Surveyor within Fourteen Days after he, she, or they, mall enter upon such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or shall come to reside in such Parish, Township or Place; and every Tenant or Occupier of any Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments, who intends to quit the Possession thereof within Six Calendar Months from the Time fixed for making such Composition, shall and may compound for Half the Duty hereby required, and the succeeding Tenant or Occupier shall and may, in that Case, compound or perform the Duty in Kind for the other Half thereof; and if the Surveyor shall receive from any Person or Persons a Composition for more Duty than shall be required from the other Inhabitants and Occupiers within the same Parish, Township, or Place, for the same Year, he shall repay such extraordinary Composition-money to such Person or Persons, so as to bring the Duty to an Equality amongst all such Inhabitants and Occupiers.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Parish, Township, or Place, Perfooi keeping where any Person (halLjccep a Draught or Plough, and no Carriage, he shall pay to the Surveyor the Draught or Sum of One Shilling for every Horse, or Pair of Oxen or Neat Cattle, ufea in such Draught or and no Plough, for every Day’s Statute-duty on the Day such Duty is required to be performed, or pay according to the Rate aforesaid for the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, which Oxen drawing he shall occupy in such Parish, Township, or Place, at the Option of the Surveyor. tbtm.

XLIII. And, in order to prevent as much as possible any Inconvenience to the Persons liable to inhabitant* may ertorm Statute-duty, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Inhabitants of every fix certain Times ariih, Township, or rlace, at some Vestry, or other publick Meeting or Meetings to be held pur- whc the Sta~ suant to this Act, to appoint Three Months in every Year, within which no Statute-duty* shall be performed; videlicet* One Month in the Spring, to be called The Seed Month; One Month in the c Summer, for the Hay Harvest $ and One other Month in the Summer, for the Corn Harvest: Provided that Notice, in Writing, be given of the Times so appointed to the Surveyor of such Parish,

Township, or Place respectively, and also to the Surveyor of every Turnpike Road lying within the same, within Three Days after every such Meeting, and Fourteen Days at lead before the Beginning of each of such Months*

XLIV.-And whereas, by several Acts of Parliament concerning Turnpike Roads, a certain Part whm tf* s«r. of the Duty called Statute-duty is or may be directed to be performed on such Roads, and it nmy hap- veyor receive* pen in some Places, that the several Persons liable thereto may have compounded for the same, be it Compofmon-therefore further enacted, That in all such cases, the Surveyor of the Highways of the Parish,

Township, or Place, where such Composition shall have been made, shall pay to the Treasurer or Sur- Roads, he^shill veyor of such Turnpike Roads a certain Part of the Composition-money so received, to be propor- ?iy a\o the tioned according to the Number of Days Duty which such Person or Persons was or were liable to Treasurer,

perform on such Turnpike Road; which Money shall be laid out and expended on such Part of the tobe]aid outfor

said Turnpike Road as lies within the Parish, Township, or Place, from which it was received, and the Use ofihs not elsewhere; and if such Surveyor of the Highways shall refuse or negledfc to pay to the Trea- Turnpike Road surer or Surveyor of such Turnpike Road such Part of the said Composition-money so received by within the Pa-him, within Twenty Days after he shall have received the same, upon Demand made by such Trea-fmer or Surveyor, the lame shall and may be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of such Surveyor, U45C c in such Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act authorised to be levied.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if upon Application of the Surveyor of the Highways for any Parish, Township, or Place, to the Justices of the Peace for the Limit wherein such Parhh, th.tNJon^yb!? Towship, or Place, lieth, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at some Special Sef- low authorised fions for the Highways, the said Justices shall be fully satisfied, by Proof upon Oath, that the Duty to be ra.ied rtnll hereby directed to be performed, and the Money hereby authorised to be collected and received, has not be lurtkimr,

been performed, applied, and expended, according to the Directions of this Act, or shall be fully fa- Jh!

tisued that the common Highways, Bridges, causeways, Streets, or Pavements, belonging to such*J*n/‘e Parish, Township, or Place, are so far out of Order that they cannot be sufficiently amended and repaired, paved, cleansed, and supported, by the Means herein beiore prescribed, (Nocice being first given of such intended Application at the Church or Chapel of such rarish, Township, or Place, on some Sunday preceding such Quarter or Special Sessions, or if the Place be extraparochial. Notice, in Writing, being first given of such intended Application to some of the principal Inhabitants residing in such extraparochial Place, a Week at least before such General or Special Sessions); that then, and in any of the said cases, an equal Afljfllnent upon all and every the Occupier of L inds, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, within any such Parish, Township, or Place, shall or may be made and collected by such Person and Persons, and allowed in such Manner, as the said Justices, by th.ir Order, at such General or Special Sessions, shall direct and appoint in that Behalf; and the Money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for, according to the Orders and Directions of the said Justices, for and cowards the amending, repairing, paving, cleansing, a id fun-

porting*

86o C. 78.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

But such AfrefT-ment, with the other, for buying Materials, &c. not to exceed 9d. in the Pound in any One Year.

porting* such Highways, causeways, Streets, Pavements, and Bridges, from Time to Time, as Need shall renuire.

XLVI. Provided nevertheless, That the Assessment herein lift before authorised, and the Assessment herein before authorised, for buying Materials, making Satisfaction for Damages, ere£ling Guide-posts, and paying the Surveyor's Salary, shall not together, in any One Year, exceed the Rate of Nine-pence in the Pound of the yearly Value of the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, so to be assess'ed.

and appixd.

The Surveyor*® Duty is to keep Books, and enter the Account of all Money paid and received j

and also of all Money remaining due 5

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Fine, Issue, Penalty, or Forfeiture, for not repairing Fme?. Penalties, Highways, or not appearing to any Indictment or Presentment for not repairing the same, shall

hjw tobTlcvTcd hereafter be returned into the Court of Exchequer, or other Court, but shall be levied by and paid into the Hands of such Person or Persons residing in or near the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Road shall lie, as the Court imposing such Fines, Iilucs, Penalties, or f orfeitures, shall order and direH, to be applied towards the Repair and Amendment of such Highways; and the Person or Persons so ordered to receive such Fine shall, and is hereby required to receive, apply, and account for the same, according to the Direction of such Court, or in Default thereof, shall forfeit Double the Sum received and if any Fine, Issue, Penalty, or Forfeiture, to be imposed on any such-Parish, Township, or Place, for not repairing the Highways, or not appearing as aforesaid, shall hereafter be levied on any One or more of the Inhabitants of such Parish, Township, or Place, that then such Inhabitant or Inhabitants shall and may make his or their Complaint to the Justices of the Peace, at their Special Sessions; and the said Justices are hereby impowered and authorised, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause a Rate to be made, according to the Form and Manner herein-last before prescribed, for the reimbursing such Inhabitant or Inhabitants the Monies so levied on him or them as aforesaid; which Rate so made, and confirmed by any Two Justices, shall be collected a d levied by the Surveyor of the Highways of such Parish, Township, or Place, so presented or indicted, as aforesaid; and the said Surveyor shall, within One Month next after the making and confirming the Rate aforesaid, collect!, levy, and pay unto such Inhabitant or Inhabitants the Money so levied on him or them as aforesaid.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor of the Highways for ev.^ry Parish< Town-snip, or Place, shall carefully and diligently collect, or cause to be collected, the several Alllftinents, Forfeitures, Penalties, Sums of Money, and Compositions, directed and allowed to be received and taken within the same by virtue of this Act, within the Year for which he is appointed Surveyor, and shall keep One or more Book or Books, in which he shall fairly enter a just, true, and fair Account of all such Money as shall have come to his Hands, or to the Hands of the furl Ailistant, in resped of such Parish, Township, or Place, by virtue and for the Purposes of thU Ad, and to whom, and on what Occasion, he shall have paid or applied the same; and shall nlfo enter in such Book or Books a List or Lists of all such Sums of Money as shall then remain due and owing from any Person or Persons, in respect of the Payments, Compositions, Assessments, PcmTies, or Forfeitures, to be collcded, icceived, or taken, for and in respect of the said Highway?, by vPuie of this Act; and the Material!^ Surveyor shall also enter in the said Book or Books an Account of all 'Fools, Materials, Imple- ' ments, and other Things provided, or to be provided, by Order of tli*’ Inhabitants, at a Vestry or

other publick Meeting for the Repair of the said Highways, at the publnic Expence of such Parish,

and Hull pro- Township, or Place; and shall produce such Books, and the Ail'd mnts 11: :!c within that Year for

ducehii Ac- the Purposes of this Act, unto the Inhabitants of the Parish, Town*.no, or Place, to which they be-

I011?’ at a Ve(by or other publick Meeting to be held for that Purpok, within Fifteen Days before the said Special Sessions so to be held in the Week next after Micbtitiwvs Quarter Sessions, as aforesaid, to the Intent that the said Accounts, Assessment*, and Lifts, m y be minecUd by the Inhabitants of such Parish, Township, or Place respectively; and every such Suiv yor (hull, after the said Books 2nd Afidlr.ients shall have been produced at such Meeting, take the same to such Justice of the Peace for the Limit wherein such Parish, Township, or Place, doth lie, and on such Day, ?nd at such may allow them; Hour as shall be agreed upon at such Meeting, some Day after the said Meeting of the Inhabitants, and before such laii-mentioned Special Sessions, and then. nj there verily such Account, or any Parc tiunof, upon Oath, if required; and such Justice may a'iiow such Account, if he finds it just, or poflpone it until such Special Sessions, if he finds Cause for so doing, in which Case it may he settled and allowed at such Special Sessions, after the Parts objected to by such Justice shall have been explained and verified by proper Evidence, to the Satisfaction of the Justices at such Special Sessions, and in caie any Articles contained in such Accounts shall not be explained and proved to the S.itisfcdiion of such justices, they may dihmow the same; and whenever the said Accounts shall be lo settled and afiowed, or disallowed, as aforesaid, all such Books and A fit ft-iv.ents ftia.l be transmitted to the Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor for such Parish, Township, 01 Place respectively, or, if the Puce be extraparochial, then to iome principal Inhabitant thereof,‘to be kept for the L fe ol such Parish, Township, or Place; and the said Surveyor shall forthwith deliver to tc Jdvc cd* ?* ^u^'iic<:lc luc.i Bock and Account, together w itft all Sums of ivloi. y as shall remain in his 10 the'succeed- H*indQ, i.nd likcwhe a 1 'Fools, Materials, Implements, and 01.icr Things, as aforesaid, to the succeeding Surveyor for such Parish, Township, or Place, in case any new Surveyor shall be appointed, or retain t:ie lame in his Hands, and account for them in his rrxr Account, if he shall be continued Surveyor fur tuch Parish, Township, or Pi^ce, in t ie JjcccJing Year and it shall and may be lawful lo; the faccccding Surveyor, and h* is hereby authorised and required, to recover, collect, and receive 2 all

try Meeting.

and afterwards before a Justice of Peace, who

or they may be turthci examined and ai towed, or disallowed, a1 tie Special bet hour.

I\*K M ce-

ti p. mvtyyr. N:w Sij"\t-'or a t:h,) if d «» 10 U 1 c Ar-ic.ii, A*c.

86i

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III., C. 78.

fill such Sums of Monty which shall be due and owing as aforesaid, by all such Ways and Means, as fully and effectually, to all intents and Purposes, as the preceding Surveyor could* might* or ought to have recovered, colle#ed, or received the same: And in case such Surveyor shall neglect to provide The Surveyor such Book or Books, or to enter such respective Accounts and Lifts therein, or to deliver the said liable to Forfci-Book or Books, and such Duplicate thereof, and such Assessments, Tools, Materials, Implements, and ture* for Neglect other Things, in Manner aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five of Duty. Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings; and in case he shall make Default in the paying or accounting for the Money so remaining in his Hands, within the Time, and according to the Directions aforesaid, he shall forfeit Double the Value of the Money which shall be adjudged by the said Justices to be in his Hands; and in case any such Surveyor shall die before such respective Accounts and Lifts shall be. made out, or such Monies, Books, Assessments, Tools, Materials, and Implements, shall be so delivered and paid, the Executors or Administrators of such Surveyor shall make out, pay, and &c.UulUccoiat deliver the same, in like Manner, and under the like Penalty, as such Surveyor is hereby required and intbe fame made subject and liable to; and every Surveyor shall pay to the Justices Clerks, for the Appointment Manner, and Charge, the Sum of One Shilling for the Bond Sixpence; and for the Account so to be exa- Fee*10 mined and taken, and for the Oath so to be administered, the Sum of One Shilling, and no more; and clerk* *" if any Person or Persons shall receive any greater Sum or Fee for the Business aforesaid than hereinbefore mentioned, he shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Offence.

L. And be it further ena#ed, That in every Parish, Township, or Place, where a sufficient Quan- Sorveyormay tity of Stone, Gravel, Chalk, or other Materials, cannot be provided and carried by the Labourers cootraa forget-and Teams required by this Act to perform Statute-duty within such Parish, Township, or Place, ting and carry-the said Surveyor shall, and is hereby required to contract for the getting and carrying thereof, (in in& Material* the Presence of the said Assistant, if any such shall be appointed), at a Meeting to beheld for that p"bl, ck Purpose of which Ten Days Notice in Writing shall be given, by fixing the same upon the Door of the Mcct, D6* Church or Chapel of such Parish, Township, or Place, or if there be no Church or Chapel, at the most publick Place there; which Notice shall specify the Work to be done, and the Time and Place forletting If the Surveyor thereof; and if any Surveyor shall have any Part, Share, or Interest, directly or indire#ly, in any such h*« Shareia Contract, or in any other Contract or Bargain for Work or Materials to be made, done, or provided, a":|[C?,nitra* upon, for, or on account of any of the Highways, Roads, Bridges, or other Works whatsoever, under J,rjre^n Xcam his Care or Management, or dial], upon his own Account, direct, or indire#ly, let to hire any or fell or nlfpose Team, or sell or dispose of any Timber, Stone, or other Materials, to be used or employed in of any Timber, making or repairing such Roads, Bridges, or other Works, as aforesaid, (unless a Licence, in Wri- Stone*>

ting, for the Sale of any such Materials, or to let to hire any such Team, be first obtained from £ithou

some Justice of the Peace within that Limit), he shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Ten fall

Pounds, and be for ever after incapable of being employed as a Surveyor with a Salary, under the forfeit ioi. and

Authority of this Act. ' be incapable of

being Surveyor

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Surveyor of the Highways, after his Acceptance of Suiv^fo/" the said Office, shall necle# his Duty in any Thing required of him by this Act, for which no

every Ncgfea of

particular Penalty is imposed, he shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Duty, shall for-Pounds, nor ltfs than Ten Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices having Jurisdiction ^benno

LII. And be it further enacted, That where any Lands have been, or shall be given, for the Pelfon*eTf«>ftid Maintenance of causeways, Pavements, Highways, and Bridges, all such Persons who are, or shall be with Land* for enfeoffed or trusted with any such Lands, shall let them to farm at the most improved yearly Value, the Maintenance without Fin£; and that the Justices of the Peace, in their open Sessions, shall and may inquire, by causeways, such Ways and Means as they shall think fitting, into the Value of all fuc;h Lands so given, or to be BrTd^/ftaii let given, and order the Improvement and Employment of the Rents and Profits thereof according to them to farm at the Will and Dire#;on of the Donor of such Lands, if they find that the Persons so intruded the most im-have been negligent or faulty in the Performance or Trust, (except such Lands have been proved Value* given for the Uses aforesaid to any College or Hall in either of the Universities of this Kingdom, which have Visitots of their own); any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. And whereas in some Places it hath been and may be found necessary, and the Surveyors are hereby authorised and required, to secure Horse causeways and Foot causeways, by Pods, Blocks, or great Stones, fixed in the Ground, or by Banks of Earth cart up, or otherwise, from being broken Cau'fe-up and spoiled with Waggons, Wains, Carts, or Carriages $ and forasmuch as several evil-disposed ways.Duettion Persons do or may wilfully or wantonly pull up, cut down, and remove or damage the said Pods, Ports, Mile Blocks, and great Stones, so fixed, or to be fixed as aforesaid, and drive Carriages upon such Banks Stone*, Battle-and causeways, or against the Sides thereof, and also dig or cad down the said Banks, which are the 0

Securities and Defence of the said causeways, whereby the causeways or Banks are often ruined and 9

destroyed 5 and such evil-disposed Persons do or may break, damage, or throw down the Stones, Bricks, or Wood, fixed upon the Parapets or Battlements of Bridges, and do or may pulldown, destroy, obliterate, or deface, any Mile Stone or Post, Graduated or Direction Port or Stone, ere#ed or to be ere#ed upon any Highway: For Prevention thereof, be it enacted, That every Person who shall be guilty of any such Offence, shall, upon Complaint thereof made to any Justice of the Peace of the

862 -

Justice of Cities, fee, to put the Act into ixecurion. Justices of Cities or Boroughs not to allow $a* hr>s to Sur-vtyors, except such as fha'lbe agreed upon at the Meeting of the

C. 78. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Limit where the (kme shall be proved to be done, by the Oath of any One credible Witness, or upon View of the Justice himself, forfeit for every of the said Offences any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor Jess than Ten Shillings; and in Default of Payment thereof, shall be committed to the House of Correction of such Limit, there to be whipped, and kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, nor less than Seven Days, at the Discretion of such Justice.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of all Cities, Corporations, Boroughs, and other Places, are hereby ^required to put in Execution every Part of this Act within their respective Jurisdictions.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorise or impower, or he deemed, construed, or taken to authorise and impower, any Justice or Justices of the Peace, for any City, Town Corporate, or Borough, or fix or allow an^ Salary to or for any Surveyor to be appointed by any such Justice or Justices, other than and except such Salary as shall be settled and agreed upon by Two Parts out of Three of the Persons assembled in the Parish, Township, or Place, within such City, Town Corporate, or Borough, for which such Surveyor shall be appointed, pursuant to the Directions of this Act.

Househ ilders. Lirnitapon of the Number of Hoifes for the Waggon* ami Carts wah differeat Wheels.

The Owner of-£ nding for/eits, 5l. and the Driver 10* for every Horse ab-tve tfee Number allowed* S.xteen Inch-Rollers not retrained in the

LVI. And whereas the Highways not being Turnpike Roads, ate much prejudiced by the Nar~ rowness of the Wheels of the several Carriages travelling thereon, and by the excessive Burthen* loaded in such Carriages; be it enacted, That no Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Eight Horses; and that no Cart, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Five Horses; and that no Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, and rolling on each Side Surface of Nine Inches, shall go or be draWn with more than Seven Horses; and that no such Waggon rolling a Surface of Six Inches only, shall go or be drawn with more than Six Horses; and that r.o Cart, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Four Horses and that no Waggon having the Sole or Button* of the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Five Horses; and that no Cart having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Three Horses upon such Highways, under the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures herein after mentioned; (that is to say). That the Owner of such Waggon or Cart jespectively shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and the Driver not being the Owner, the Sum of Ten Shillings, for every Horse or Bead which shall be so drawing above the Number hereby so respectively limited as aforesaid, to- the folc Use and Benefit of the Informerbut Carriages moving upon Wheels or Rollers, of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches on each Side thereof, with flat Surfaces, are hereby allowed to be drawn with any Number of Horses, or other Cattle.

Number of Horset*.

Prosecution* for

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Prosecution shall be commenced before z foin a.-Ktional Justice of Peace, by w»y of Information, for any Forfeiture incurred by the Owner or Driver of fe"°howantfm*" iny Carriage, having a greater Number of Horses therein than are allowed by this Act, unless such what*mjmnerto Information be laid within Three Days after the Offence com nitted; and that no Action shall be fee carried on* commenced for any such Offence, unless the same be commenced within One Calendar Month after the Offence committed 5 and that neither such Information or Action shall be laid or commenced, unless Notice shall be given by the Informer to the Driver of every such. Carriage, on the *Day upon which the Offence shall be committed, of an Intention to complain of such Offence; and if it mall appear to the Justice before whom such Complaint shall be made, that the Offender lives so remote as to make it inconvenient to summon him to appear before such Justice, the Justice may dimifs tho Complaint, and leave the Informer to his Remedy by Action at Law.

Justices of Peace, LVHd. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the* at rheir Micha- Justices of the Peace, at their respective General Quarter'Stifions of the Peace, to be held in the Lm^lns/mayli- *Veek a^ter Michaelmas to license in such Manner, and for such Time, as they shall think think fit, ceofeinlrure fe an Increase of the Number of Horses to be drawn in Carriages up any steep Hill, or on any Road not of the Number Turnpike, within their respective Jurisdictions, over and above the Number herein-before limited, if* of Huiic». upon Inquiry into the State and Condition of such Roads, they shall find any additional Number of: Horses necessary 5 and, from Time to Time, at any Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, to revoke, alter, or vary the same, as they shall think fit.

RoceSi^for^ klX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear upon the Oaths of ere-ForfeiturtMri fc- dible Witness'es, to the Satisfaction of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or of any Court of Justice of ad.iu authorised to enforce the Execution of this Act, that any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, could not, by* tional Horses, reafoo ofdeep Snow or Ice, be drawn by the Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught hereby re-when, from Ice spectively. llowed; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or justi-ccs the Peace* Court respectively, and they are hereby respectively required, to (top all Proceed-ecUary. ings before them respectively for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture which may have been in-

curred by drawing with a greater Number of Horses, or Beasts of Draught, than are htreby allowed \

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. fS 863

any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, That the Regulations Carnages ex-herein-before mentioned, concerning the Number of Horics, and Wheels of Carriages, shall not be out of deemed or construed to extend to Carts, Waggons* or other Carriages, employed only in carrying any thl#

One Stone* Block of Marble, Cable Rope, or Piece of Metal, or Piece of Timber, or to such Am-- Two Oxen to munition or Artillery as shall be for His Majesty's Service; and that Two Oxen or Horned Cattle be confided* at shall, for all the Purposes of this Art, be considered as One Horse. * °nc Horrc-

LX. And, for the better Discovery of Offenders against this present Art, be it enacted, That the The owner’# Owner of every Waggon* Wain* or Cart, and also of every Coach, Port Chaise, or other Carriage ^an^nttdVn let to Hire* shall paint, or cause to be painted, upon some conspicuous Part of his Waggon, Wain, or aiiPWaggons Cart, and upon the Pannels of the Doors of all such Coaches,' Post Chaises, or other Carriages, before and Cam, and the same shall be used upon any publick Highway, his or her Christian and Surname, and the Place of aii'oon Coache?, his ot her Abode, in large legible Letters, and continue the lame thereupon (0 long as such Waggon, PoftCha*fe«»&c. Cart, Coach, Post Chaise, or other Carriage, shall be used upon any such Highway; and the Owner Ict to irc* of every Common Stage Waggon or Cart, employed as Travelling Stages from Town to Town, shall, over and above his or her Christian and Surname, paint, or cause to be painted, on the Part, and in the Manner aforesaid, the following Words, Common Stage Waggon, or Carty as the Case may be; and every Person using any such Carriage as aforesaid upon any Highway, without the Names and Descriptions painted thereon respectively as aforesaid, or who shall paint, or cause to be painted, any false or fictitious Name or Place of Abode, on such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Post Chaise, or other Carriage, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, a bum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings.

LXI. And whereas many bad Accidents happen, and great Mischiefs aje frequently done upon the Drivers of C«f-Streets and Highways, by the Negligence or wilful Misbehaviour of Persons driving Carriages thereon; puniftubie be it therefore further enacted, That if the Driver of any Cart, Car, Dray, or Waggon, shall ride for Milbshanow' upon any such Carriage in any Street or Highway, not having some other Person on Foot, or on Horse- ^cr to^c-back, to guide the same, (such Carriages as are condurted by some Person holding the Reins of the Veat Accidents., Horse or Horses drawing the same excepted); or if the Driver of any Carriage whatsoever on any Part of any Street or Highway shall, by Negligence, or wilful Misbehaviour, cause any Hurt or Damage to any Person or Carriage passing or being upon fetch Street or Highway, or shall quit the Highway, and go on the other Side the Hedge or Fence inclosing the same; or wilfully be at such Distance front such Carriage, whilst it shall he puffing upon such Highway, that he cannot have the Direction and Government of the Horses or Cattle drawing the same; or shall, by Negligence or wilful Misbehaviour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt the free Passage of any other Carriages or of His Majesty's Subjects, on the said Highways; or if the Driver of any empty or unloaded Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage,

shall refuse or neglect to turn aside and make Way for any Coach, Chariot, Chaise, loaded Waggon*

Cart, or other loaded Carriage; or if any Person shall drive, or art as the Driver, of any such Coach,

Post Chaise, or other Carriage, let for Hire, or Waggon, Wain, or Cart, not having the Owner's Name, as before required, painted thereon, or shall refuse to discover the true Christian and Surname of the Owner of such respective Carriages; every such Driver so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted of any such Offence, either by his own Confession, the View of a Justice of Peace, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses* before any Justice of the Peace of the Limit where any such Offence shall be committed, shall, Jor every such Offence, forfeit

any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, in case such Driver shall not be the Owner of such Carriage; and in case the Offender be Owner of such Carriage, then any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings:

And in either of the said cases, shall, in Default of Payment, be committed to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding One Month, unless the same shall be sooner paid; and every such Driver, offending in either of the said cases, shall and may, by Authority of this Art, with or without any Warrant, be apprehended by any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, and shall be immediately conveyed or delivered to a Constable or other Peace Officer, in order to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law: And if any such Driver, in any of the C,ases aforesaid, shall refuse to discover his Name, it shall and may be lawful for the Justice of the Peace before whom he shall betaken, or to whom any such Complaint shall be made, to commit him to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or to proceed against him for the Penalty aforesaid, by a Description of his Person and the Offence, and expreftkig in such Proceedings that he refused to discover his Name.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of JMlces may the Peace within their respective Limits, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, when- s^dlf&Son*1 ever they shall judge proper, to hold any Special Sessions, besides that which is herein-before directed, wh^nev^r they* for executing the Purposes of this Art; and to adjourn the same from Time to Time, as they shall think fit, think fit, causing Notice to be given of the Time and Place of holding such Special Sessionfc, and of the upon giving Adjournments thereof, to the several Justices arting and redding within such Limits, by the High Notice to the Constable, or other proper Officer within the same. other Justice*

LXIII. And, for preventing Obstructions, which frequently happen by flopping of Carriages on of In order to prenear publick Bridges, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons collecting any Tolls pay- vent OWhw-able for passing over any publick Bridge with Carriages or Cattle of any Kind shall keep arty Virtual-ling-house, Alehouse, or other Place of publick Entertainment,- or shall fell, or permit to be sold ^beklpton* therein, any Wine, Beer, AJc, Cyder, Spirituous Liquors, or other Strong Liquors, by Retail, fie, Bridges where

5 S t (he, Tolls are take*

864 C. 78.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Incroachment to be taken down by the Surveyor.

Court may award Costs to the Prosecutor or Defendant upon an Indict* meat or Prefen tment.

she, or they, being lawfully convidedxrf such Offence, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by his own Confession, before any Justice of the Peace of the Limit wherein such Offence shall be committed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

Penalty far

LXIV. And whereas Inconveniencies have arisen from making Hedges or other Fences, and from i'JCTpachin« on ploughing or breaking up the Soil of Lands or Grounds near the Middle or Centre of Highways: For H ghways. Remedy thereof, be it enacted, That if any Person shall incroach, by making, or causing to be made, 4my Hedge, Ditch, or other Fences on any Highway, not being Turnpike Road, within the Distance of Fifteen Feet from the Middle or Centre thereof, or shall plough, harrow, or break up the Soil of any Land or Ground, or in ploughing or harfowing the adjacent Lands, shall turn his Plough in or upon any Land or Ground within the Distance of Fifteen Feet from the Middle or Centre of any Highway, where the Breadth of such Highway is formed and marked, or described with Certainty, and does not exceed in Breadth Thirty Feet, every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, Forty Shillings, to such Person who shall make Information of the same; and it shall be lawful for the Surveyor who hath the Care of any such Road to cause such Hedge, Ditch, or Fence, to be taken down, or filled up, at the Expence of the Perfoir or Persons to whom the same shall belong: And it shall and may be lawful for any One or morse Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Limit where such Offence shall be committed, upon Proof to him or them made upon Oath, to levy as well the Expences of taking down such Hedges as aforesaid, as the several and respective Penalties hereby imposed, by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, hi such Manner as Distresses and Sales for Forfeitures are authorised and directed to be levied by virtue of this Act.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may ‘be lawful for the Court before whom any Indictment or Presentment shall be tried for not repairing Highways, to award Costs to the Prosecutor, to be paid by the Person or Persons so indited or presented, if it shall appear to the said Court that the Defence made to such Indictment or Preferment was frivolous* or to award Costs to the Person indicted or presented, to be paid by the Prosecutor; if it shall appear to the said Court that such Prosecution was vexatious.

Expences for

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township, or Place, shall agree, at a Vestry or publick Meeting, to prosecute any Person by Indictment for not repairing any locutions) agreed Highway within such Parift, Township, or Rlace, which they apprehend such Person was obliged by upon at t Vestry Law to repair, or for committing any Nuifartce upon any Highways, or shall agree at such Vefiry Meeting, bow Meeting to defend any Indictment or Presentment preferred against any such Parish, Township, or to be paid. Place, it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor of such Parish, Township, or Place, to charge in his Account the reasonable Expences incurred hi carrying on^or defending such respective Prolecu-tions, after the same shall have been agreed to by such Inhabitants at a Vestry or publick Meeting, or allowed by a Justice of the Peace within the Limit where fucu Highway shall be; which Expences, when so agreed to, or allowed; shall jje paid by such Parish, Township, or Place, out of the Fines, Forfeitures, CompositionSj Payments, and Assessments, authorised to be collected and raised by virtue of this Act. ': r

The Notice re-

LXVIL. And be it further enacted^'Thait. in all Cases where a Vestry or publick Meeting of the In-jBgVeftnesor habitants of any Parish, Township,'qr Place,>is authorised or directed by this Act, there shall be publick Meet* publick Notice given of the-Day, Hour, and Place, of holding the said Meeting, at the Church or mgs, Chapel of such rarish, Township, *or Place, on; the Sunday next preceding such Meeting, and also

Notice thereof in Writing, specifying the Purpose of such Meeting, fixed at the same Time upon the Door of such Church or Chape), and the same shall not be* held till Three Days at lead after such Notice given: and if there be no Church or Chapel, the like Notice of fucty Meeting shall be given in Writing, and put up at the mod publick Place therein, Three Days at lead before such Meeting.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall refuse or neglect to pay the Sum or Sums assessed upon him, by any Assessment to be made in pursuance of this Act, within Ten Days after Demand thereof made, the same shall and may be levied determined by the Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons authorised, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One Justice of the Peace, having Jurisdiction therein, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so refusing or neglecting, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners thereof, the necessary Charges of making such Distress and Sale being first deduded; and in Default of such Distress, it shall be lawful for any such Tull ice to commit the Person so refusing or neglecting to the common Gaol, there to remain until he mall have paid the Sum so assessed, and the Costs and Charges occasioned by such Neglect or Rcfufa).

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor of any Parish, Township, or Place, shall be deemed, in all cases, a competent Witness, in all Matters relative to the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding his Salary may arise in Part from the Forfeitures and Penalties hereby inflicted.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the Forms of Proceedings relative to the several Matters con:ained in this Act, which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be used, upon all Occasions, with such Additions or Variations only as may be necessary 10 adapt them to the particular Exigencies of the Case; and that no Objection shall be made, or Advantage taken, for wjnt of Form in any such Proceedings, by any Person or Persons whomsoever.

LXXI. And, in order to have the Contents of this Act more generally communicated and known, be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace within their respective Limits, shall, at evety special oessions to be held in the Wtek next after the MicbaAihas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, procure and deliver, or cause to be procured and delivered, a printed Abstract of the moil material Parts

of

Sams assessed may be levied by Distress and Sale «t (he Offenders Goods.

Surveyor may

be a a rapetent Wltilc i s.

Concerning (he For .»* of PiQ-cccdm^s.

PfmtedAbftratts to bi iven to Surveyors.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 78. 865

of this Act to every Surveyor, to be then appointed by them respectively, as the Charge hereby di-rested to be given; and shall also, at their said Special Sessions, to be held in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy three, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to every of the said Surveyors*

One other of the said printed Abstracts of this Act, for the Use of the Parish, Township, or Place, for whi’-h the said Surveyor shall be appointed j which last mentioned Abllnft the said Surveyors are OnetofefmA hereby respectively ordered and required to fix on the Church or Chapel Door, or other publick Place, ©n :be Church within their respective Liberties, on the next Sunday after they shall so receive the same and tie said Door, Surveyors shall severally pay to the said Justices Clerks the Sum of Sixpence for each of the said last mentioned printed Abstracts.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall refill or make forcible r«fonsrffcrt;n* Opposition against any Person or Persons employed in the due Execution of this Act, or make any th*F.xecuton of Re (cue of the Cattle or other Goods distrained by virtue of this Act; or if any Constable, Head-thl* borough, or Tythingman, shall refuse or neglect to execute or obey any Warrant or Precept granted fofin'ntoaobrV*" by any Justice of the Peace, pursuant to the Directions of this Act; every such Person offending the vv*rr«n of therein, and being convicted thereof by a Justice of the Peace, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Justice of Peace, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice to forfeit note before whom he or she shall be so convicted 5 to be paid to the Surveyor of the Highways for the ceding 101 r.or Parish, Township, or Place, where the Offence was committed, to be laid out in the Repair of the 16 aB 4°5* Highways: And in case he or she do not forthwith pay, or secure to be paid, the said Forfeiture* after such Conviction j then it shall and may be lawful for such Justice of the Peace to commit such Person or Persons to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, of the Limit where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Months, unless the said Forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed for Forfeitures, any Offence against the same, and all Costs and Charges to be allowed and ordered by the Authority Corts, and chzrw of this Act, (the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not hereby otherwise particularly di- g«, may bele-redted), shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, or Person vlcddyeDl1^ liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, by Warrant under the Handand Seal of some Justice offender’»U of the Peace for the Limit where such Offence, Neglectc, or Default, shall happen, or such Order for Goodi. Payment of such Costs or Charges shall be made, rendering the Overplus of such Distress (if any be) to the Party or Parties, after deducting the Charges of making the same; which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to £rant, upon Conviction of the Offender, by Confession, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon Order made as aforesaid; and the Penalt;es and Forfeitures, when so levied, shall be paid, the One Half to the Informer, and the other In what Manner Half to the Surveyor of the Highway where such Offence, Neglect, or Default, shall happen; to be to be aPPllc<J* applied towards the Repair thereof, unless otherwise directed by this Act j but m case the Surveyor shall be the Informer, then the Whole shall be employed towards the Repair or such Highway; And in case such Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures, or the said Costs and Charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seas, to commit such Offender or Offenders* or Person or Persons, liable to pay the same respectively, to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, of the Limit where the Offence shall be committed, or such Order as aforesaid shall be made* for any Time not exceeding Three Months, unless the said Penalty, Forfeiture, Costs, and Charges* shall respectively be sooner paid; and if such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons, liable or or- How dered to pay the same respectively, shall live out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice hereby authorised to when the Otfe*-grant such Warrant, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the Limit wherein der lives with o. such Person shall inhabit, and every such Justice is hereby required, upon Request to him for that »>rber Junl-Purpose made, and upon a true Copy of the Conviction whereby such Forfeiture or Penalty was in- dlttl0IU curred, and of the Order for the Payment of such Costs and Charges, produced and proved by a credible Witness upon Oath, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Penalty or Forfeiture mentioned in such Conviction, and the Costs and Charges mentioned in such Order, or so much thereof as shall not have been paid, to be. levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons, liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, as aforesaid y and if no sufficient Distress can be had, to commit such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons* liable as aforesaid, to the common Gaol, or House of Correction* of such Limit, 'for the Time* and in Manner aforesaid.

LXXIV. Provided nevertheless, That no Warrant of Distress* unless otherwise directed by this w fn r Act, shall be ift'ucd for levying any Penalty or Forfeiture, Costs or Charges, until Six Days after uthwhea tube the Offender shall have been convicted, and an Order made and served upon him or her for Payment thereof.

LXXV. Provided also, and be further enacted, That every Prosecutor or Informer may, at his The prosecutof Election, sue for, and recover any Forfeiture or Penalty imposed by this Act, which shall amount tq has his Option- the Sum of Forty Shillings or upwards (the Manner of Recovery thereof not being particularly proceed for the directed by this Act), either in the Manner herein-before directed, or by Action at Law, to be *'urtMtare In* brought by such Informer or Prosecutor in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, in Manner fol- for.^it^no^b°re lowing; (that is to say). Where any Person shall be liable to any such Pecuniary Penalty, it shall Atfl nVt Law, and may be lawful to sue for and recover the same by Action of Debt, in which it shall be sufficient to i/it amount u> declare, that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of, being 4°*.

866 C. jS. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

forfeited by an Act passed in rite Thirteenth. Year of the Reign of HU present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes \ and the Plaintiff, if he recovers in any such Actions, shall have Double Cost*.

LXXVI. Provided, That there shall not be more than One Recovery for the same Offence; and are°to be com- that Ten Days. Notice, in Writing* be given to the Party offending previous to the Commencement of menced, and such Action; and that the same be brought and commenced within One Calendar Month after the \*h*t Notice is Offence for which such Action is brought shall have been committed.

to be given.

Convictionshow

LXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Goaviction shall be had or made by to be m»de. virtue of this Act, unless upon Confession of the Party accused, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon the View of a justice of Peace, in the Cases before mentioned; Inhabitant of a and that any Inhabitant of any Parish, Township, or Place, in which any Offence shall be committed Parish a good contrary to this Act, shall be deemed a competent Witness, notwithstanding his or her being an In-Witness. habitant of such Parish, Township, or Place.

justice may ad-

LXXVIII. And be it father enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace

number Oaths, to administer an Oath to any Witness of Witnesses, or other Person or Persons, for the better

Discovery and Execution of the several Matters or Things herein-before authorised or directed to be examined, enquired into, or performed by such Justice.

SativfaQionre-

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums

s0Ve*2iD for Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distrcis itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the

bu^Distrcft^not* Part Y *>r Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Default

unlawful foe or want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be

want of Form in deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards the iroceeding*. done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Case.

Plaintiffs not to

LXXX. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any Irre-lecover for hr*-guilty, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on der^fAmcndT* Behalf of the Party qr Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Ir-be made. regularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in cale no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Moneyas he or they (halMee fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Orders, and Judgement,

shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Action; where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Appeal may be

LXXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself Sessions>2ft^r aggrieved by any Thing done by any Justice or Justices of the rcace, or other Person, in the Exe-Person aggrieved cution of any of the Powers given by this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath by any Thing ‘been already appointed, every such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at any General done m the Eac- Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the Limit wherein the Cause of such Complaint shall cltion of this arise, such Appellant giving, or causing to be given, Notice in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Justice, or other Person or Persons against: which such Complaint shall be made, within Six Days after the Caufj of such Complaint arose, and within Four Days after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before forne Justice of the Peace within such Limit, with One sufficient Surety, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Section; and every Justice of the Peace, and other Person, having received Notice of such Appeal, as aforesaid, shall return all Proceedings whatsoever had before them respectively, touching the Matter of such Appeal, to the said Justices, at their General Quarter Sessions aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting Five Pounds for every such Neglect; and the said Justices at such Sections, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as afore -laiJ, and of the entering inro such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; to be levied and recovered as herein-before directed; and the Determination of such Quarter Section shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Proceedings not Purposes; and that no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or to be ouaihcd ror vacated for want of Form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, (ex-no "remo\^abl*e CCP* as herein before mentioned), into any of His Majesty *s Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law > Cciuuraxi. Statute to the Contrary notwithstanding: Provided that no such Appeal shall be made against any Conviction for any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act, unless the Person convicted shall* at the Time of such Conviction, if he or she shall be then present, if not, within Six Da>s after, give Notice of his or her Intention to appeal, and at the same Time enter into Recognizance *vith sufficient Sureties to pay such Penalty or Forfeiture, in case such Conviction shall be affirmed upon such Appeal; and upon his or her giving such Security, the further Proceeding for such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be suspended until such Appeal shall be heard and determined.

Limitation©!]

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Aitiooi. Person or Persons for any Thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act; then* and in every such Cale, such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosectued within Three. Calendar Months after the a FkA

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

6. 7#. 867

Fast committed, and not afterwards 5 and the same, and every such Action or Suit, shall be brought within the County where the Fast was committed, and not elsewhere.; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action Or Suit, shall and ihay plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Gentril Mia* Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pur-fiance and by the Authority of this present Act; And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought aTter the Time limited for bringing the same, or be brought or laid in any other Place than as aforementioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonfmt, or difeowtinue his, her, or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall ftavfc appeared, or if, upok Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for Recovery thereof, as any Defendant or Defendants hath Treble Costs. or have in any other Cases by Law.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall chitmiChC'e and Yalcfe Place, with respect when the Act to the aTembling of the Househo!ders and others, and the making and delivering of Lists of Persons commence*, qualified to serve the Office of Surveyor, and the giving Notices to the Persons contained in such Lists, upon the Twenty-first Day of September^ One thousand seven hundred alid severity-three; and, with respect to all the other Matters and Things herein contained, on the Eleventh Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and fiventy-three.

LXXXIV. And, to the Intent that there may be only One Law subsisting for the fever a 1 Purposes Act 7 Geo. Uk aforesaid, be it further enacted and declared, That from and aftey. the Tinthf Bay Of O£tohjr> One repealed, thousand seven Hundred and seventy-three, an Act, gaffed in jthe Seventh Year "of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, thefveral Statutes nozu in being for the Amendment and PrcJ'ervation of the publick Highways of this Kingdom, and for* etf?er Purposes therein mentioned, except so fmiefi thereof as repeals the several Acts^ and raffs Of AftS, therein mentioned, which are not revived by an Act passed in the Eighth Yeat of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual an Act, possed in the Seventh Year of His present Majestys Reign> intituled, An Act to explain, amend, add fedtreb into Ode Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, shall be; attd the same is hereby repealed.

next.]

LXXXV. Provided nevertheless, That the several Surveyors appointed uftdef thd Authority of the Surveyors ap-said Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall produce such Books pointed under and Lifts, and pass their Accounts, before the Justices at their respective Special Sections, to be 7 ^eo*UI. to holden within their respective Limits, in the Week next after the Michtrelmas Qdaftef Sessions, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and pay the Balance* thereof, Id such Manner as sSnonitfwr they ought to have done at the Special Sessions, which was by the said Act to have been held on the Michaelmas First Monday in October, or within Fifteen Days after; and if the Jtffticcs shall appoint any Surveyor or Surveyors under the Authority of the said Act, such Appofrntirtent shall be Void, and of no Effect.

LXXXVL. Provided always and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in Exceptions re-this Act contained, touching the making and returning Lists of Persons qualified to be Surveyors '

the Highways, and the Appointment of such Surveyors, rior the Repeal* of Part of in Act, made in Third Year of King William and Queen Mary, relating t6 such Surveyors, shall extend, or be construed, deemed, or taken, to extend to the City of Bristol\ but that the several Acts of Parliament which have been parted previous to this Act, relative to Surveyors of the Highways, and to cleansing, paving, lighting, and regulating the Streets and other Places within the (hid Cfty, mall remain in full Force, and be executed in as full and ample Manner and Form, to all Intents and Purposes, as the lame might or ought to have been, if this Act had never been made.

LXXXVII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, r be deeriied or con- ,s ft rued to extend, to the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelony other^ife fPbitechapely and Saint John of Matfelon uP Wappingi in the County of Middlesex, or either of them*

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing iri this Act contained shall Powenof Com-extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, or alter, restrain, or abridge, the Powers of Authorities missionen of, given to the Commissioners of Sewers by any Act or Acts of Pafrliathfent whatsoever, or to vary or alter any of the Provisions or Regulations thereby made, dhefted, or provided; any Thing herein con* r,dfied* tained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

868 C. 78.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

THE

SCHEDULE

(Stating the Forms) to which this Act refers.

N«>. I.

Warrant for calling the Meeting of Householders, and for fixing that of the Justices

for appointing Surveyors.

Middlesex. To the Constablest Headboroughs, and Tithingmen* within the (Hundred) Riding) Division) Liberty; or Freeing) as the Case shall be) of in the said County.

IN order to carry into Execution an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Publick Highways, you are hereby severally required forthwith to give publick Notice to t.‘*e Churchwardens, Surveyors of the Highways, and Householders, being afleUed to any parochial or publick Rate wichin your respective Liberties, that they do assemble on the Twenty-second Day of September next, at the Church or Chape), or if there shall be no Church or Chapel, then at the usual Place of publick Meetings within their respective Liberties, at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon; and that the major Part of them so assembled do make a List of the Names of at lead Ten Persons living the rein, who each of them have an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lying within the same, in their own Right, or in Right of their Wives, of the Value of Ten Pounds by the Year; or a personal Estate of the Value of One hundred Pounds; or are Occupiers or Tenants of Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds: And if there shall not be Ten Persons having such Qualifications, then that they do insert in such List the Names of so many of such Persons as are so Qualified, together with the Names of the most sufficient and able Inhabitants not so qualified, as inall make up the Number Ten, if so many can be found, if not, so many as shall be there resident, to serve the Office of Surveyor of the Highways: And you are also severally required, within Three Days after making the said Lift, to deliver a Copy thereof to One of the Justices of Peace of the said (Hundred) Riding) Divi/ton, &c.) as the Case shall be) living in or near the same (Parish, &c.); and also to give personal Notices to, or cause Notices in Writing to be left at the Places of Abode of the several persons contained in such List, informing them of their being so named, to the Intent that they may severally appear before the said Justices at their Special Sessions to be holden at within the said (Hundred, &c.) on the Day of now

next ensuing, at the Hour of in the Forenoon of the same Day, to accept such

Office, if they shall be appointed thereto, or to shew Cause, if they have any, against their being appointed: and you are likewise to give Notice to the present Surveyors of the Highways, within your respective Liberties, to appear at the same Time and Place, and produce such Accounts and Lifts before the said Justices as are required by the said Act; and you, and each of you, are personally to appear before the said Justices, at their said Special Sessions, and then and there severally deliver to the said Justices the said original List or Lists taken within your respective Liberties, and give an Account of the Execution of this our Precept.

Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day of in

the Year of our Lord. 17

Lift

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

CX 7 8* 869

N*. II.

Lift of Persons to be returned to the Justices.

A Lift of the several Persons named for Surveyors of the Highways for the (insert the Name of the Parish,

Township, or Place) at a Meeting held at in the/aid (Parish, etc.) the

Day of 17

A.B.

C.D. etc.

WE whose Names are subscribed, being Two Parts in Three of the Persons assembled at the.

Meeting aforesaid, do agree in the Choice of A. as a fit Person to serve the Office of Surveyor for the (insert the Parish, &c.) aforesaid, and in the Allowance to him of puticobr Fwt

for his Trouble in executing the same for the Year ensuing; and we do recommend the said A% tt> f#n «ow* the Justices for their Appointment accordingly. _ imaM,

N». III.

Notice to the Persons contained in the Lift.

yf B. take Notice, That you was at a Meeting held at (insert the Nam of the Parish, tic.) on the Day of named as One of the Persons to be

returned to the Justices as fit to fenre the Office of Surveyor for the said (Parishyetc.) for the Year ensuing; and if you have any Cause to shew why you should not be appointed to serve such Office, you must make the same appear before the Justices, at their Special Sessions, to be holden at on the Day of next.

IConstable, Headborough, or Tithingman,

( as thi Case shall be.)

No. IV.

Older to the ( Constable%&c.) to return to the Justices the Amount of a Sixpenny

Assessment.

Middlesex. To the (Constable, He.) of

YO U are hereby required to return to us, and the other Justices, to be assembled at the Special Seffioas to be held St for the (Hundred, of

in the said County, on the Day of next, the Amount of the

last Assessment of Sixpence in the Pound, for the Use of the Highways within your Liberty, if any such has been raised; if not, what you apprehend, from the belt Information you can get, an equal Assessment of Sixpence in the Pound upon all and every the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, within the said Liberty, according to their yearly Value, will amount to.

Given under our Hands this Day of 17

No. V.

Return to the Justices of the Amount of a Sixpenny Assessment.

To the Justices, assembled at their Special Sessions at the Day of 17

IN Obedience to your Order, I do return and certify, that the last Assessment of Sixpence in the Pound, for the Use of the Highways within the Liberty of amounted to

the Sum of

[If no Assessment of Sixpence in the Pound hath been made, then as under*)

V N Obedience to your Order, I do return and certify, that no Assessment hath been made of Six* 1 pence in the Pound, for the Use of the Highways, within the Liberty of

hut I apprehend, from the best Information which I have been able to get, that an equal Aflbfiment of Vox. XL J T Sixpence

fyfo C. 78. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Sixpence in the Pound, upon all the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, within the said Liberty, will amount to die Sum of

A.B. (Constable, Vc.)

No. yi.

Appointment of a Surveyor,

Middlesex. At a Special Sessions, held at in the Hundred of

by Justices of the Peace for the said County ailing within the said Hundred, on the Day of 17

WE do hereby nominate and appoint A.B. &c. of (Insert the Name of the Parish^ See. where lives) in the said Hundred, Surveyor or Surveyors; of

he

frk'.teUim fl! ulc ,a,u t^uuutcu) «ui vcyui \vr oui« »tyuuy of the Highways within the said (Parish,

ferted when* for the Year ensuing \ (and we do allow the said A.B. the Salary of

Surv^nvitap-. for his Trouble): And you the said A.B. are faithfully and truly to execute the said Office of Sur-nointed with n veyor, according to the Directions of the Statute, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Salary. Majesty King George the Third, For the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways,* an Ab-stra& of the material Parts of which Statute is hereunto annexed.

Given under our Hands and Seals,; the Day and Yftar above mentioned*

N*. VII.

Band from the Surveyor.

WE A.B. Surveyor of the Highways for the (Pdrijhy Township, &c.) of and C.D. of are bound to E. F. of

aforesaid, in the Sum of Pounds, to be paid to the said E. F, his Executors,

Administrators, or Assigns; for which Payment we hereby bind ourselves severally, and each of our Heirs, Executors, and Administrators.

Dated the Day of 17

The Condition of this Bond is such, that if the said A.B. his Executors, or Administrators, /halt duly and faithfully account for, apply, and pay, all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall come to his Hands, as Surveyor of the Highways for the (Parish, etc*) according to the Direction and true Intent and Meaning of the Statute, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, For the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways," then this Bond to be void, or else to remain in full Forte.

No. VIII.

Appointment of an Assistance to the Surveyor.

Middlesex* At a Special Sefhns, held at in the Hundred of

by Just ues of 1 he Peace for the said County, a fling within the said Hundred, on the Day of 17

WE do do hereby nominate and appoint C.D. a substantial Inhabitant of the (Parish, etc.) of in the said Hundred, Assistance to A B. whom we have appointed Surveyor of the Highways for the said (Parish, etc.); and you the said C.D. are, to the best of your Skill and Judgement, to assist the said Surveyor, whenever requested by him, in calling in and attending the Performance of the Statute-duty, in collecting the compositions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and in making and collecting the Assessments, and m making out, and serving, the Notices authorised by the Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty K\ri% George the Third, For the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways," and in such other Matters and Things as shall be reasonably required of you by the said Surveyor, in the Execution of the Office of Surveyor, pursuant to the said Act 5 and you are i*ftly and truly to account with, and pay to the said Surveyor, o to his Order, the Money which shall come to your Hands by the Means aforesaid.

Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year above mentioned.

Oath

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. yd.

No. IX.

Oath to be administered to the Surveyor upon passing his Accounts.

I A.B. do swear, That the Accounts now I ways for the (Parish, eU.) bed of my Knowledge.

produced and delivered by me, as Surveyor of the High-for the last Year, are just and true, to the

So help me GOD.

No. x.

Allowance of the Accounts.

Ofloh-r, 17

THESE Accounts were examined and allowed before

No. XI.

Notice from the Surveyor to remove Nuisances and Obstructions, and to cut

Hedges, &V.

To C* /) of

T*N pursuance of the Directions given by the Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign removetful*

I of His Majesty King George the Third, For the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways," fancea and Ob-1 A.B. Surveyor of the Highways for the (Parish, etc.) of do hereby give you struaioo*.

Notice, forthwith to remove the [Dung) Timber) Stone, etc*) placed by you in a certain Part of the King’s Highway, lying between and in the (Parish, etc.) of £o<euttndlprone

to the Obstruction and Annoyance of the said Highway: Or, (forthwith to cut o?pruoe° cut, prune, and plafh the Hedges, and cut or prune the Trees, and to open, cleanse, and scour the Trees, and to several Ditches and Watercou rfes, belonging to you) in or near the Highway, lying between open and icour

and in the (Parish, etc.) of in or near the Highway* lying between Ditches and Wt*

and to the Intent that the Water may be drained from the said Highway, twcourfei.

and that the Sun and Wind may not be excluded from such Highway, to the Prejudice thereof.

Dated this Day of 17

A.B.

No. XII.

Allowance of Charges and Expences paid by Surveyors, which are to be repaid by the Possessors of the Lands, etc. and Order of the Justice for that Purpose.

Middlesex. T Y X WHEREAS Complaint hath been made unto me A. B% Esquire, One of His Majesty's Justices of Peace of the said County, by the Oath of Surveyor

of the Highways for the Parish of in the said County, that C. D.

of having had due' Notice to cut and prune his Hedges, and cleanse

and scour his Ditches and Watercourses, within or adjoining to the publick Highway between and in the said Parish of

hath neglected to do the same withip the Time required by such Notice, and that the said hath caused the same respectively to be cut, pruned, cleansed, and scoured, pursuant to the Directiona of the Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, %i For the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways," and hath expended therein the Sum of

as appears by an Account now produced to m, which I think a reasonable Charge, and do therefore allow the same, and hereby order the said C.D. to pay the said Sum of to the said within Six Days from the Time of his being served with this Order*

Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of 7

No. XIII.

Order of a Justice of Peace to make new Drains.

Middlesex. To C.D. of Surveyor of the Highways for the (Pariftl, etc*) of

WHEREAS Complaint hath been made to me A.B. Esquire, One of His Majesty's Justfeet of the Peace for the laid‘County* that the Ditch, Gutter, or Watercourse* for conveying the Water from the Highway at in ;he [Parish, &c.) of in the said Coupty,

5 T a is

87* C. 78. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

is not sufficient for that Purpose, and that the cleaning and opening the same will not effectually carry off the said Water, but that the said Highway may be effectually drained, and the Water carried off, by making a new Ditch or Drain through the Lands or Grounds of lying

near the same, for the Length of Yards, and the Breadth of Feet; and the said having been duly summoned to appear before me, to shew Cause, if he had any*

why the said Ditch or Drain should not be tirade, and the said not appearing, or (not

shewing sufficient Cause against the same}, and it appearing to me that such Ditch or Drain is nc-cessary, I do hereby order and require you to enter into and upon the said Lands of the said and there make, or cause to be made, a new Ditch or Drain, of the Length and Breadth aforesaid, and of a convenient Depth, making or tendering sufficient Satisfaction to the said for the Damages to be done thereby, within One Calendar Month after the same shall be so made v such Damages to be settled and ascertained in Manner directed by the Ad, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, " For the Amendment and Preservation of " the Highways"

Given under my Hand, this Day of 17

No. XIV.

Notice of Application to be made for an Assessment.

Middlesex.'^NOTICE is hereby given, that Application will be made to the Justices of the Peace acting for the (Hundred) of in the said County, at their Special Sessions, to be held at in the said (Hundred), on the Day of

Giie thousand seven hundred for an equal Assessment to be made, not exceeding

in the Pound, upon> all and every the Occupiers of Lands* Tenements, Woods, Tithes* and Hereditaments, within the (Parish+etc.) of for the Lfe and Benefit of the Highways*

within the said (Parish, etc*) Dated this Day of 17

A*. B. Surveyor.

No; XV.

Order at a Special Sessions for an Assessment of Sixpence in the Pound.

Middlesex. ' At a Special Sessions for the Highways, held at in the Hundred of

in the said County, the Day of 17 by Justices of

Peace for the said County acting within the said Hundred.

UFO N Application msule to us by the Surveyor of the Highways for the (Parish^ etc*/ of

and upon Evidence given upon Oath before us, (that the Duty directed to be performed, and the Money authorised to be collected and received, by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, For the Amendment and Preservation of the High* ways," have been performed, applied*, and expended, according to the Directions of the said Act :) Or, (We are fully Satisfied, that the common Highways, Bridges, causeways, Streets, and Pavements, belonging to the (\Parish, etc.) of are so far out of Order, that they cannot be

v sufficiently amended and repaired, paved, cleansed, and supported, by the Means prescribed by the said

If Assessment AdAnd it appearing to us, that Notice has been duly given of such intended Application, acta* been made cording to the Direction of the said Act, we do hereby order, direct, and appoint, that an equal Affor buying Ma- feflment, not exceeding the Sum of in the Pound, upon all and every the

mamoutto Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, within the said (Parish, etc.) Kme pence in of shall be forthwith made by the said Surveyor, and shall be allowed by the Pcuod shot One lattice of the Peace for the said Hundred, and (ba)l be collected by the said Surveyor, and that if» Sixpence the Money so to be assessed and collected shall be applied for and towards the amending, repairing, Pav'n8* cleansing, and supporting such Highways, causeways, Streets, Pavements, and Bridges, (and *»£ ?c«uft be for buying Materials, making Satisfaction for Damages, ere ding Guide-poftsy and paying the Surveyor*s niyThre*. Salary j, according to the Directon and true Intent and Meaning of the said Act.

peace. A. B*-

These latter C. D*

Wtiii be addai here* if there haa beeii'DO- former Assettjamt for those Pnrpofcu-

No. XVI.

Order of Twa Justices for [widening] or [diverting and turning’] a Highway;

Jfidktiefo*. \TT E, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said

County, acting within the (Hundred, etc.) of within the said

County, having,.upon View, found that a certain Part of the Highway between and

in the (Pcnrish% etc*) of in the said (Hundred)> for the Length of

a Yards

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 78. 873

Yards, or thereabouts, and particularly described in the Plan hereunto annexed, is for the greatest Part thereof narrow, and cannot bt conveniently enlarged and made commodious for Travellers, (When it iionly without diverting and turning the same j and having viewed a Course proposed for the said new Highways to be widened, through the Lands and Grounds of and of the Length Of

Yards, or thereabouts, and of the Breadth of Feet, or thereabouts, parti- infirrt),«Boc

cularly described in the Plan hereunto annexed, which we think will be much more commodious to «roaybecin-the Publick; we do hereby order, that the said Highway bz diverted and turned through the Lands veniently ea-aforesaid; and that the Surveyor of the Highways for the (Parish, etc*) of where the'^rgedand

said old Highway lies, do forthwith proceed to treat and make Agreement with the said and for the Recompence to be made for the said Ground, and for the making ,f

such Ditches and Fences as shall be necessary, in such Manner, with such Approbation, and by pur- 0r, ‘widened suing such Measures and Directions in all Respe£b, as are warranted and prescribed by the Statute, 4andenlarged.* made in jbe Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, For the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways And in case such Agreement shall be made as aforesaid, we do order an equal Assessment, not exceeding the Rate of Sixpence in the Pound, to be made, levied, and collected upon all and every the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, in the said (Parish, etc*) of and that the Money arising thereupon be

paid and applied in making such Recommence and Satisfaction, as aforesaid, pursuant to th6 Directions of the said Act.

A.B.

C.D.

NV XVII.

Certificate from the said Justices to the Court of Quarter Sessions.

To the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions, to be held at County, the Day of if

, f., Thit is to be

in the Jaia wrote upon the above Order, when no Agree*

WE the within named A.B. and C. D do hereby certify to the said Court of Quarter Sessions,£^canb#‘ that we made and signed the within Order, and that with our Approbation, and by our Di-redion, the said Surveyor hath treated with the said and for the said

Lands required for the Purposes aforesaid, but was not able to make any Agreement for that Purpose with them, or either of them -r and that he tendered to the said the Sum of

and to the said the Sum of as a Recompence for the said Ground,

and for the making the said Ditches and Fences, which they, and each of them, refused to receive.

.. A.B.

C. D.

No. xv m.

Order for flopping up the old Highway, and felling the Land and Soil thereof

WE whose Names are subscribed, being the Justices of the Peace who have viewed the several Highways described iiv the Plans ^hereunto annexed, and made an Order for diverting the olJ Highway; and being satisfied'that the new Highway therein described is properly made, and fit for ifthereare for the Reception of Travellers, do hereby order the said old Highway, being of the Length of more Highway*

Yards, and of the Breadth of Feet, upon a Medium, as appears by the said Plan, to be d«n °d«to

stopped up, and the Land and Soil thereof, to be sold by the said Surveyor to whose Land «p» than-

adjoins thereto, if he shall be willing to purchase the same, for the full Value thereof, if* not, to some MumMeHor other Person or Persons, for the full value thereof: (Reserving nevertheless to a free each.

Passage for Persons. Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, through the Land and Soil of the said old High- This to be inway to and from the (Land) etc.) belonging to him, xalled according to his ancient ferted where

/ Circumstances of*

N®. XIX.

the Case may re*' S*ire.

Certificate to be wrote under the Order above mentioned

WE, the above-named Justices, do certify. That the old Highway, herein-before mentioned and described;- was sold by the said Surveyor to with our Approbation,

for the Sum of which Sum we do order the said to pay to

the said Surveyor, to be applied in purchasing the Land, and making the said new Highway; and if *ny Surplus remains, we do order that the same Hull be applied for the Use of the Highways with!*-the said ( Parish, itc») of

G. 7 8. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

No. XX.

Receipt for the Purchase money to be indorsed upon, or wrote under, the Certificate above-mentioned.

RECEIVED the Day of from the said the Sum of

being the full Confident; >n-money for the Purchase of the said old Highway hereinbefore described, pursuant to the said Ordeis and Certificate,

No. XXI.

Order of Two Justices for diverting and turning a (publick Highway % Bridleway, or Footway, as the Case shall be) through the Lands of any Person who contents thereto.

Middlesex.\\7 E, and Esquires, Two of His Majesty's Justices of

Vy Peace for the said County, at a Special Sessions neld at in the Hundred of in the said County, on the Day of One thousand seven hundred having, upon View, found, that a certain Part of a (Highway, etc.) within the

(Par’Jh, etc.) of in the said Hundred, lying between and for the Length of Yards, or thereabouts, and particularly described in the Plan hereunto an-

nexed, may be diverted and turned so as to make the same nearer (or more commodious) to the Publick 5 and having viewed a Course, proposed for the new Highway, in lieu thereof, through the Lands and Grounds of of the Length of Yards, or thereabouts, and of the Breadth of

Feet, or thereabout, particularly described in the Plan hereunto annexed, and havirrg received Evidence of the Consent of the Lid to the said new Highway being made

through his Lands herein-before described, by Writing under his Hind and Seal, we do hereby order that the said Highway be diverted and turned through the Lands aforesaid $ and we do order an equal Assessment, bfc. [in tie fame Form as before mentioned)*.

No. XXII.

Consent from the Owners of the Land through which a new Highway is proposed to be made.

I A.B. of in the County of being Owner of the Lands described in the Plan

hereunto annexed, through which Part of a certain Highway, lying between and

is intended to be diverted and turned, (in consideration of the Sum of to be paid to

me for the said Land, and the Soil thereof) or, (in consideration of said old Highway being fold, exchanged, and to be veiled in me, and also of the Sum of to be paid to me,) [as the

Case may be), do hereby consent to the making and continuing such new Highway through my said Lands.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this ’ Day of 17

No. XXIII.

Licence from Justices of Peace, at a Special Sessions to get Materials for the Repair of the Highways in another Pariflb, besides that wherein such Materials are to be employed.

Middlesex. At a Special Sejfons, held at for the (Hundred) ef

tn the said County, by fu/Uces of the Peace for the said County a fling within the said (Hundred), on the Day of 17

IT appearing to us, upon Evidence, this Day received, that sufficient Materials cannot conveniently he had within the waste Linds, common Grounds, Rivers, or Brooks, nor in the inclosed Lands or Grounds lying within the (Parish, etc.) of A. in the said (Hundred), fur the Repair of the Highways within the said (Parish, etc.) nor in the waste Lands, common Grounds, Rivers, or Brroks, within the (Parish) of B. adjoining to the said (Parish, etc.) of A. we do hereby give our Licence to the Surveyor for the said /Parish) of A. to search for, dig, get, and carry Sand, Gravel, Chalk, Stone, and other Materials* within the inclosed Lands or Grounds of C.D. within the said [Parish, etc.) of M. to be employed in the Repair of the Highways withio the said (Parish) of A. it appearing from Evidence laid before us, that there are proper Materials within the said Lands for the Purposes aforesaid, lying convenient to the said Highways; and that after such Materials shall be so taken, there will be sufficient left for the Use of the Highways within the said (Parish) of B. upon the said Surveyors making Satisfaction and Recompence for the same, in the Manner directed by the Ad, passed in the

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C,jB* 873

Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, For the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways," subject to such Restrictions as are therein contained.

Given under Our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year above written.

No. XXIV.

A.B.

C. D.

Licence from a Justice of Peace, for a Surveyor to gather Stones upon inclosed Lands,

for the Repair of the Highways.

Middlesex. To the Surveyor of the Highways for the (Parish) in the (Hundred)

of in the fold County*

/ ’ 1 I

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, "For the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways," the Surveyors are authorised to gather Stones lying upon any Lands or Grounds within their Liberty, for the Use and Benefit of the Highways, but not without the Consent of the Occupiers of such Lands, or a Licence from a Justice of Peace for that Purpose: And whereas ka^pcars to me? E. F. One of His Majesty's justices of the Peace for the said County, and acttng Within the firid (Hundred, &c.) upon the Oath of the said Sorveyor, that he hath applied to A.B. of for his Consent to gather Stones

from the Lands called or known by the Names of and in his

Occupation, within the said (Parijfh, t£c.) for the Purposes aforesaid, and that the said Stones are necessary for the Repair of the said Highways, and that the said A.B. hath refused to permit the same to be gathered; and the said A.B. having been duly summoned to appear before me, to shew Cause why such Permifiian should not be granted, and Jbav'wg appeared, before me accordingly )\ or- (having sent hit Steward or Agent \) or, (C.D. in his Behalf,\ to attend me upon tb'at Otcafton\ or, (but not having appeared) I have heard what has been alledged, and: taken thfci said Matter into Consideration, and am of Opinion, that the said Stones are necessary, and pu^ht to be gathered and carried away for the Purposes afr repaid, therefore i do hereby give my Licence to the (kid Surveyor to Ukc and carry away the same accordingly.

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of 17

N. XXV.

Notice to perform Statute-duty, fto be given Four Days before the: Day on which the.

Duty is to be performed.) (

A.*- you are hereby required to fend a Team, with Two able Men, to within if he does not

the (Parish^ &c.) of next, at o’CIock in the Morning of each Day, occupy Lands,

in order to perform such Duty upon the Highways within the said as shall be required by *c# f

the Surveyor, pursuant to the Direction of the Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His in f*"h° Majesty King George the Third, " For the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways." (When Farirti,&c. he p erf oral Labour is required) You are hereby required, by yourself, ora sufficient Labourer, to attend, etc. is only to fend Dated this Day of 17 One Man.

If a Waggon or

Cart yrith Two* Hprf<p, or One Horseeoly, is required, let jt be expressed.

No. XXVI.

Notice for Compositions.

NOTICE is hereby given. That all persons who are inclined to compound for their Statute-duty within the (Parish, etc.) of are hereby required to signify their Intention

to compound for the same to the Surveyor of the Highways for the said (Parish, etc.)

at the House of of on the Day of this Instant November, between the Hours of and and they are hereby required, at the same Time, or

within the Space of One Month after, to pay their Composition-money to the said Surveyor; and also, that all Persons who are liable to pay Money for the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, which they occupy, or, in lieu of their Duty within the said (Parish, etc.) according to the Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, For the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways," are required to pay the same to the said Surveyor, on the Day, or within the Timq, aforesaid.

Dated this Day of November, 17

n A. Bo Surveyor.

Order

C. 78. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

N*. XXVII.

Order for Statute-duty to be performed in Kind.

Middlesex. At a Special Se/ptns, held at in tbt (Hundred)

in the said County, the 'Day of 17 byjuflictt

of the Peace for the said County, within the said (Hundred).

IT appearing to us, from the Information which we have received, that there will -be Difficulty in procuring the necessary ( Carriage),or, (a Sufficient Number of Labourers) (as the Case shall be) for the Repair of the Highways within the (Parish, etc.) of within the said (Hwsdred)

without paying high and extravagant Prices for the same, we do hereby order and direct (the Team-duty within the said (Parish, etc.) except such Teams where the Owners thereof do not occupy Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments, within the said (, etc.) of the annual Value of Thirty Pounds), or, (One Half of the Team-duty, etc.) or, the Labourers liable to perform Statute-duty within the said Parish, etc.) (as the Oafg shall be) to perform their Statute-duty in Kind within the said (Parish, etc.) according to the Authority and Directions of the Ad, passed in the Thirteenth

Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, " For the Amendment and Preservatioa of the Highways."

No. XXVIII.

Notice to the Surveyor of the Times fixed by the Inhabitants for being excuied from doing

their Statute-duty,

in*.'

To the Surveyor of the Highways fir* the (Parish, etc.) of in the County of

I A.B. (Constable) Headborough) TithingmanJ of the said (Parish, &c.) do hereby give you Notice, That the Inhabitants of the said (Parish^ etc.) did, at a Vestry or publick Meeting, held on the Day of One thousand seven hundred

agree to take the Benefit of the Indulgence of Three Months, for not performing their Statute-duty given by the Legislature, in the Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, " For the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways," at the Times following, videlicet, That they shall not be called upon to perform such Duty between the Day

of and the Day of (which they consider

as the Seed Month), nor between the Day of and the

Day of (which they consider as the Hay Hatveft Month), nor between the

Day of and the Day of (which they consider as the

Corn Harvest Month): [The like Notice to be given to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Turnpike Roads, where there are any such within the (Parish, &c.) J

N°. XXIX.

Order of the Justices at their Special Sessions, for the Repair of certain Highways which

most want Repair.

Middlesex. At a Special Sejfums, held at in the (Hundred) of in the said County % the Day of 17 by Justices of the

Peace for the said County acting within the said (Hundred.)

To the Surveyors of the Highways for the (Parish, etc.) of in the said (Hundred.)

TT appearing to us. That the Highway, lying between and within

1 your Liberty, is very founderous, and in bad Repair, and being of great publick Use, we do hereby order that you repair, or cause the same to be repaired, before the Day of

next.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of 17

A Precept

A.D. 1jll*Atoid dAyftto tfcrBo

tXfi. ijf

Middlesex.

' UV ffs. XXX. '

A' Vr&tpt Oaf ihtfftog1 bofd* mt

At a Special Stjjhnsy held mix. i. for the (Hundred) tf: in the said County y before Justices of the Peace for the said County, a fling within the said (Hundred, on the, Day tf

17

To the Surveyor of the (Papfh) of in the said (Hundred).

iot

:re&ed) ir ancE A

proper Jtoscripti<

1 i. '* ' 1 ' Tw *- v.

YOU are hereby required forthwith to ere£, or cause to be erected* in the most convenient Pl$ce, upon the Highway lying between

v _ i

TfPhete graduated Sfonesof ^f^ffrenfce^H to prevent Ac;iSent {from Jeep ffaiers^ yarf itajjli$$r Jin the moltconvenfent Place u p bn the Highway,4'ii $h e A p ifrp^h e?cJ

denoting the Depth of Water ir are allowed1 to* <5b^e the

xxxi.

Notice for holding a Yeftrjr* or other publick Meeting.

Notice is hereby given, That a Vestrf’or publick Meetsrfg WilhbfeTioW at^ ? C% m‘ the Day of. nextyjat the Hour of iff the

noon, in order to consult about the Tiroes when it will be most t^onvenient fcfr the Inhabitant^of this"

(Parish, etc.) to be excuM from* being called fdrth to perform thfeic Statute-duty*, according to the X'ri-~ dulgehce given them by % he Aflj palftd it) the Thiflecnth\Ye*c of ^hc Reign of His Majesty Ktfrg Odotgf the Third, 4€ For the Amendment'and Preservation of/Xb^HighWayr/*

Dated the f JDayofa f /; \% / i ‘

A. 5. (Constable,) (Headborough,) etc.

, N*. XXXII. ^efentment b^ justice of Peace.

Middlesex. AT the General Quarter Sessions^ of the^ I^eace of our Lord the Ring, held for the said A County at. in the said County^ on (Tuesday) the Day of 4

in the Year of tn^'Reign of V before ^jfqufrcs; and

others their Companions, Justices of our said Lord the King, assigned to> ^e£p the Pcacp ib the faifl.

County, and also tos hear and' deterrhine divers Felonies^ Trespasses^ and otjher N^irdemeatiotlrs^ in tljq* said County cotnmirted; A: Bi Efauire^ One‘of thfe JujBces of oprsaid Lord the King, affigpfd for, th^ Purpoibs aforesaid,* byvvirtiiebr ah A«f>,‘ made ib e *Lh{rt^enth i car‘of the Reign, (H ms^ Majesty King George the Third, 4i For the1 Amendment and Preservation of the Highwatyj,*' (upon his own tofceJj4-

View), 'or (upon Information, uporr Oath, tp'shim given byA^Surveyor of the High ways for ferted whtfcit& tKt (Par ijhy &c.J of in In e said County.) doth prefem,’ tfift from the Tiipje' whereof upon the Infor-

th^Memory of Man is not* ^6 the Cdntriry, there was^and yet’^s,a certain coihmon and ancient King’s »tion of the Highway leading from the Town‘of in the said^ (County, towards and unto Su:?eyor.

wfthiri^the fame'(County) uftd for all the King's Subjects, with their Horsesf Coaches^ Cayts». and Carriages, to go, return, and pass, at their Will j anT that a certafp Part of tlje (arpeRiD^s, comtnon'Highway, cbrnmonTy calletT^ \ fjtuate, JyUlfe, dnd;being ip

of in the same (County), containlnglnXehgtH Yards, and in Breadth,

Feet, on the Day of in the, Yeai; of the Reign of and continually afterwards until the present Day, was, and 'yet is,

very ruinous, deep, broken, and in great Decay, for want of due Reparation and Amendment, so that the Subjects of the King, through the same Way, with their Horseft, Coaches, Carts, and Carriages,

Votoi XL S U could

& 7?* Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

cobld not, during the Time aforesaid, nor yet can, go, return, or pass, as they ought and were wont to do, to the great Damage and common Nuisance or all the King’s Subjects through the same Highway, going, returning, or passing, and against the Peace of our said Lord the King, and that the Inhabitants of the (Parish, lie.) of aforesaid, in the (County) aforesaid, the said common Highway (so in Decay) ought to repair ^pd^aipqtdj jyhen a^d so often as it shall be necessary.

In Testimony whereof, the said A.B. to these Presents hath fef his Hand and Seal, this Day of > < in the Year aforesaid.

No. XXXIII.

Summons for any Person or Persons to attend a Justice or Justices.

Middlesex. To A.B. of;

WHEREAS* Complaint and Information hath bien made upon Oath before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said (County, &c .) by E. F. of That, &c. [HereJlate the Nature and Ctreurnstancesyf the Case as far as it shall be necessary to Shew the

Offence, and to bring it within the Authority of the Justice* and in doing that* follow the Words of the Act as mar as rhay be]. These art therefore to require you personally to appear before me, (or the Justices, to be assemblied at theif Special Sessions to be nolden) at ' in the said [County ^c^) on the

Day, of ’ ’*/; 1 ' next, at the Hour of s, 4 inthd boon, to

aftfWerto the said Complaint and Information, made by the said E.f. who is Tike wife directed to be theb and the/0 present, to niake good the same: Herein fail not.

Given tinder my Hand and Seal, this Day of 17

No. XXXIV.

1 I Information.1:

Aiiddlifex.'^Tt E it remembered, That on the Day of 17 A.B.

11 of in the said County, informeth and maketh Oath before me

One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Comity, that of

in the said County, [Here describe the Offence, and if it is for Default in performing Statute-duty, fate the Duty required* and the Notice given for that Pttrpofi* and the Neglect according to the Fa ft, and as' near the Words of the Act as may be], contrary to 4he Statute)made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,44 For the Amendment and Preservaction of the Highway^" which hath imposed a Forfeiture of for the said Offence.

\ a.b.

Taken and Sworn, the J

Day of before me, J

.. 1 x.; No; XXXV.

- Form, of a Conviction.

Middlesex.T) E it remembered^ Thai on the - ! Day of in the Year of our Lord, 17

11 at in the County aforesaid, A.B. came before me C.D. Esquire, One of

His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, and informed me, that E. F. of on the Day of now last past, at in the said County, did [Here

fef forth Abe Fast in the Manner described by the Statute]^ whereupon the said E. F» after being duly sum-mbned (0 answer the said Charge, appeared before me on the, Day of

,.; i at % " in the said County, and having heard the Charge contained in' the said Information,

declared, that he Was not guilty of the said Offence but the same being fully proved upon the Oath of ’G\ H. a credible Witness, it manifestly1 appears to me the said justice, that he the said E. F. is guilty of the Offence charged upon him, in me said Information: ft is therefore considered and adjudged by me, the said Justice, that the said E. F. be convi/led, and I do hereby convifl him of the Offence aforesaid: and I do hereby declare and adjudge that he the said E. F. hath forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the Law directs, according to the Fortn of the Statute in that Case made and provided.

Given, fsfe. ‘rM T!. f ' 1

A.D. 1773. Anno decline tertio Georgii III.'

C. 78. 879

After the Words, 4< being duly summoned to answer the fail Chirge," insert, (did not appear before This it to be in-me, pursuant to the said Summons); or, (did neglect and.ircfufe to ffcak* any Defence'ag^inst the said £rted w?Crfe the Charge, but the same being fully proved,*.;, before.; >; .;i;

’ Summons,

I and voluntarily confessed This to be in-

Jj«ed when the

Party accused, confesse* the

" ’ Charge.

' v\ I. - ( 1. wtx', -1

After the Words, " contained in the said Information," insert (acknowledged; the same to be true, and it milnifeftly appeals to me’the said Justice, as

Middlesex,

No XXXVV V Warrant to distrain for the Forfeiture. To the (Constable) Head borough) or Tithingman), of

.1 I

WHEREAS A.B. of v 1 ' \ in the said County, (Yeoman), is this Day convicted before me, C* D. Esquire, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, upon the Oath of G*H, a credible Witness, for that the said A*' B. hath, [Here Jit forth the Offence, deferring it particularly in the Wordi of the Statiste, as near as may be], contrary to the Statute in that Case made and provided, by reaton whereof the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of to be distributed as heiein is mentioned, which he hafch‘refused to pafy: These are therefore, in Hi*. Majesty's Name, ftaOcunmand;yOKi tOkvy the said Sum of

/by Distress of the Goods a)id Chattels of him the! said if. B* and if withifr the Splice of Four Days next.after such Distrfs by you taken, the said Sum, together with the? reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the same, shall not be pajd, /that then you do fell the said Goods and Chattels so by you distrained, and out of the Money arifiilg by. such Sale, that.you do: pay One Half-.

of the said Sum of- / ';. to E. F. of who informed me of the said Offence, and the Other Half of the said Sum of;, j, to J* K.the Sur- the Aa,ineach

veyor of the Highways for the.(Parish) Towrship)\ox> PlaceJ* ttfheYe the? Cud jNeglect) or (De± particuUrCafe.

fault,) happened, to be employecf towards the Repair 06 the said Highways, returning* the* Overplus, upon Demand, to him the said^tf. B, (the rensonable iChaagea, ofltaldirtg, jkeepjngv and felling (he said Distress being first deducted) ;> and if fufioKOt Distwafs cannot he found of the Goods and; Chattels of the said A. B* whereon to levy the said Sum of > that then you certify the same to me,

together with this Warrant.

Given under my Hand and Seal, the, H* Day Of c. 17.

CuD.

.1

N*. XXXVft

Return of the Constable to be made upon the Warrant of Distress, when there are no ’ ‘ Effects.

AI B. Constable of the(ParUh, etc.) of ' ' in the (County) of 1‘, ’ j

do hereby certify and make Oath, that, by virtue of this Warrant, I have made diligent Search for Goods of the within named and that I can find no sufficient Goods

the__________, __________

whereon to levy the within Sum of Day of 17

Sworn before me the Day and Year, etc. C* D.

as Witness my Hand, the

r ~ - A ',yf A' B'

' No. XK^V.fll^ Y

V *.«.

Warrant of Distress for Nonpayment of Money chargrfl fey an Assessment. 1

1 .1j

Middlesex*

in

the

To the (Constable) Head borough) Tithingman) of said (County).

WHEREAS by an Assessment made upon the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods,

Tithes, and Hereditaments, within the (Parish, etc*) of in the said

(County), for the Purposes of, etc. [asfated in the Jtsflice's Order], pursuant to an Order of Justices for that Purpose, according to the Directions of the Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, 11 For the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways,"

A.B. was charged the Sum of as his Share and Proportion of the said

Assessment, in respect of the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, which he occupied within the said (Parish, etc.): And whereas it appears to me, upon the Oath of tHavthgsaid Sum of hath been duly demanded from the said A.B. and that

he hath refused to pay the same for the Space of Ten Days after such Demand made, these are therefore, in His Majesty's Name, to command you to levy the said Sum of by Distress

, C. 75. Anno jdecimo tertio Georgii MI. A-P*

of thf Goq^s and Chattels of laid AB. and if the same shall not be paid within the Space of Ffiur Pay^n^xj (ii<jh Distrefa by you.taken, together wjih the reasonable Charges of taking and Keeping the same, that you do then fell the said Good? and Chattels fqby you distrained; and £>ut of the Money arising by such Sale, that you do pay unto C.D. the Surveyor of the Highways for of ’ ' ‘ '* the Iai3 Bum of 1’

to be employed for tb$ Rpr^ppfes afarfifa[d; and that you do returp the Surplus thereof to the said A.B. (the reasonable Charges of taking, keeping, and felling the said Distress, being first deduced); and if sufficient Distress cannot be found of the Goods.i>nd Chattels of the said A.B. whereon to levy the said Sum of that then 'you certify the same to me, together with this Warrants

Given under my Hand and Seal^ the Day of 17

JftXUT,

Coramitracnt for want of Distress.

the (Con (table) of - in the said County, audio the Keeper of tJ)e com

thpn Gaol (or, the Hpufe of Correction) at - in the said County.

WHEREAS A* B» of t in the said County; (Yeoman), was, on the

Day of # f ' conyWiedjbefore'me, C. IX Esq* One Hw MaiefoyV Justices of

tfcfe Reace 1A dndfbr the said County, upon the Oath oPii. F\ a credible Witness, for that he, the £ Here fit forth.th* Offence],' cob tsar yf to1 the Statute made* in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King G/vrg/the Third, V For the Afoendrhent’and P^fervatjoh ofr the High^ WaysJ? by reason whereof the said A. 2?chath forfeited the Sum of And whereas, on the - ~ Day of hi the Year aforesaid, I did issue my Warrant to the

CConJlahU) of to levy the said Sum of ’ by fXstress and Sale of the

Gcx)ds and Chattels of him the said A. B: ind to distribu.te the same according aqv the Dlre^ions of the said Statute: And whereas it dvfy appear* - to upon the Oath of the said (CenfbabU)^ that the said (Constable} bath used his heft Endeavours toMevV the said Sum' on the Goods and Chattel of the said Act as aforesaid, but that no sufficient Distress scie had Whereon to1 levy the same, theft are therefore to comipancL you, the said (Constable) of aforesaid, *<* apprehend the fold '//. Bj and

him safely to convey to the common Gaol, (or, House of Correction) at ’ rn the said

County, and there deliver him to the Ketffer thereof, together with this. Precept;, and I do hereby also edmfrand you, the said Keeper, to receive and keep in your Custody the said A B. for the Space of Three Months, unless the said Sum shall be sooner paid, pursuant to the said Conviction and Warrant; and for so doine this shall be your sufficient Warrant.

Given under my Hand and Seal, the - < ' - Da!y of in the Year of our Lord »7

C.D.

In the Cite of a Commitment for the Want of B/ttVfflS.6/Money due by an AJpJfment, it must be, (to receive, and Keep in your Custody, until he shall have paid the said Sum of and the

Arrther Sum of ( being the Coils and Charg^ oc^c^ioaed by his N£gle&) ii^payii

N®. XL.

! I

Notice of Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.,

yf B. take Notice, That I intend to appeal to the neat General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be

holden for the (County, etc.) of against an Order, (or other,

as the Case may be, particularly specifying \kt.PltTpfCt. tf.such Order, etc. and aligning the Grievance, and

Cause of Complaint.)

C. Dor

A.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

83i

C. 79.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for the more eflbftxial preventing the forging of the Notes olr Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England and for the preventing the obtaining a false Credit, by the Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company.

WHEREAS Frauds have lately been committed by forging the Notes and Bills of the Go- PrcaiT,tl«.

vernor and Company of the Bank of England, notwithstanding the Statutes flow in Force for

punishing and suppressing the same / for the more effectual preventing such Practices, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cotlfeilt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our After Sept 19, Lord One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, if any Person or Persons, (other than the Of- i?73> Persons ' ficers, Workmen, Servants, or Agents, for the Time being, of the said Governor and Company, to joking MouW» be authorised and appointed for that Purpose by the said Governor and Company, and for the tJfe of Paper the said Governor and Company only), shall make or efe, or cairfe or procure to be made or used, or of the knowingly aid oraflrftinthe making or using; or (without being atrthorifetf artd'appointed as afbTe-Burik of EngluuV said) shall knowingly have in his, her, or their Custody or Poflfeffiori, (Wfchoi/t lawful Excuse, the^ having in Proof whereof shall lie upon the Person accused), any Frame, Mould, or fnftrumfeLit, for the making]£*,rl£l,fto?3r of Paper, with the Words Batik of England,\ vHible in the SubttauceOr flichr Papery or shall make, cause or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or aiTift in the making any Paper, in' tHeSubftarite of that Purpose, which the said Words, Bank of England^ &all be visible; or if any Person, (except as before excepted) after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, shall, by any Art, Mystery, 01* Contrivance, cause or procure the said Words, Bank of England, to appear viable in the Substance of any Pirper whatsoever, or knowingly aid or assist in causing the fe*,d Words, Bank of England, tX> appear irf the Substance of any Paper whatsoever; every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and bfeing thereof beadjtirfgecl lawfully convidod, (haill, for such Offence, be deemed* and adjudged a Felorr, and shall suffer Death as guilty of Fdvayi in Cases of Felony* without Benefit of Clergy and suffer Death.

II. And whereas unwary and other Perforrs have taken in Payment, atfd cfthdrWlfe received Notes', persont eDgrtT. Intend Bills, and Bills: of Exchange, with certain Words and* Cha rafters so'rteaiiy rfefembling the ing, cut ring, or Notes and Bills of the said Governor and Company, as to appear to such Perforts to be the Notes or etching, in Me* Bills of the Bank of England\ which, if continued to be done, will be* to the great Prejudice of pub- N«le*

lick Credit; be it therefore ensued by the Authority aforesaid, That fromv and after the said Twenty-1to re^ull11* ninth Day of September, if any Perform or Persons*, without being authorised and Appointed as aford- m^ory Note%* said, shall engrave, cut, etch* orferape in Mezzotinto, or foatl ca^fe'or procure to be ertgthvecf, cuf. Bill* of Ex-etched, or ferapsd in, Mezzotinto, or shall1 knowingly aid or assist in the engraving*, cutting, etching, change, *c.$ or feraping ir> Mezzotinto* in* or upon any Plate or Copper, BVafe, Steely. Pester, or of any other Metal or Mixture of Mtetds* or upon W*ooc^ or airy other Material, or any Plate whatsoever, any Promissory Note, Inland Bill, or Bill of Exchange, or Blank Promissory Note, Intend Bill, or Bill of Exchange, or Part of a> Promissory Note, Inland Bill, or Bill of Exchange, containing the Words Bank of England, or1 Bank Po/h Bill, or any Word or Words expressing the Sum or Amount, ot* any Part Of the Sum or Amount of such Promissory Note, Intend Bill, or Bill of Exchange, in White Letters or Figured on a. Black Ground; or shall ule any such Plate* so*engraved, cut, etched, or fettfped in Mezzotinto, or shall use any other 1 n(1 rument for the making or printing any such Promissory Nore, Intend Bill, or Bill of Exchange, or Blank Promissory Note, Inland Bill, or Bill of Exchange, or Part of a Pro*. -miflory Note, Inland Bill, or Bill of Exchange j if any Person, without being authorised and appointed shall v/d^ as aforesaid shall, after the' Twenty-fifth Day of December. which* (half* be hr the YeaV of out fully publish Lord One thousand seven hundred and seventy^ three; knowingly have in his; HetJ or tttelf Custody, such Promissory. any such Plate or Instrumene, or shall knowingly and wilfully utter or publish any such Promissory ^r.01te*Ia,*nd Note, Inland, BUI, or Bill of Exchange, Blank Ptoroiflory Note* Inland Bill, or Bell of Exchange; ®*nbfownmit-every such Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted thereof accortiing* tb‘ted not exceed* Law, shall be committed to the common Gaol of the County or Place wherethk Qffcmre^hali be ing s»x Months, committed, for any Space not exceeding Six Months.

III. Provided always, and:it is* hereby enacted, ThatJ nothing hfereln cbhrtihfed fofcfl extend^ or be Thw Aa not to continued, tot extend; to such Perforcor reribns who being at any Time1 hereafter-pbffefled of any such Extend toPer-Note or Bill, shall only utter the same by* carrying the same for Payment to thk Ifliier or lifters,

Drawer or Drawers, Accepter or Accepters, Indorier or Indorsers thereof respectively, or uiing proper^. the Means ta compel *hePiymrease of any such Note 01 Bill. femymtau

832 C. 80.

Anno ik

a?

Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

la Geo. III.

Rul?s to be ob-. served, (ifter June 24, 1773) by Per font killing or taking Hires, Phsa-fnt^Parcrdges, Arc. or using’a Gan, Dog, Net, or Engine.

How Offenders are to be p nuclei.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game within that Part of Great Britain called England, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti tilled. An Act for the better Prefer vation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called England,

1 certain Penalties and Punishments were inflicted on Persons killing and destroying Game inthcNighr,

between One Hour after Sunset and One Hour before Stm-rife: And whereas some Doubts hate arisen concerning the Construction of fonr.e Parts of the said Act, and some Inconveniencies have followed therefrom; therefore, for obviating such Doubts, and for remedying such Inconveniencies,’ may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted -y and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully kill, take, or destroy any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Game, or Heath Game, or use any Gun, Dog, Snare, Net, or other Engine, with Intent to kill, take, or destroy, any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Game, or Heath Game, in the Night, that is to say, between the Hours of Seven of the Clock at Night and Six in the Morning, from the Twelfth Day of October to the Twelfth Day of February. and between the Hours of Nine of the Clock at Night and Four in the Morning, from the Twelfth Day of February to the Twelfth Day. of October y every such Person, being convicted thereof, upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness cr Witnesses, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, acting for the County, Riding, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay for the First Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds; and for the Second Offence, any Sum nut exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds: But in case any Information shall be made upon Oath, as aforesaid, before any Justice or Justices, against any Person offending against this Act, and if it shall appear that such Offender hath already been convicted of a first and second Offence against this Act; then, and in such Case, such Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Offender to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, for the County, Riding, or Place, there to remain till the next General Quarter SefEon of the Peace for the said County, Riding, or Place* tinless such Offender shall have entered into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Securities, to appear at such General Quarter Session, then and there to be tried by Indictment for the said Offence; and also shall and may bind over the Informer to prosecute the said Offender by Indictment as aforesaid: And the Justices, at their said General or Quarter Sessions, shall and may direct the said Indictment to be tried accordingly; and if upon such Indictment such Offender shall be convicted, he shall forfeit and pay in Court the Sum of Fifty Pounds: And in case he shall neglect or refuse to pay the said Sum of Fifty Pounds, he shall be committed to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, for such County, Riding, or Place, for any Term not less than Six nor more than Twelve Calendar Months, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid; and such Offender shall, if the Justices think proper, be Once publickly whipped for such Offence at the Expiration of such Commitment, in the Town or Place where such Gaol, or House of Correction shall be, between the Hours of Twelve and One of the Clock in the Day.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following; that is to say,

, 1 /

E it remembered, That on the, Day of in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of (specifying the Offence, with the Time and Place where the same was committed, and also specifying that it was the First or Second Offence against this Act, as the Case shall be).

Given under my Hand and Sea^ the Day and Year aforesaid* 1 -

Which Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be fairly wrote over upon Parchment, and returned to the next General Quarter Session of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place, where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and remain and be kept among the Records of the County.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Clerk of the Peace for any County, Riding, or Place, and he is hereby required,

vifWnon Pay- upon Application made to him by any Person or Persons for that Purpose, to cause a Copy or Copies mem of 11. any Conviction or Convictions, filed by him under the Directions of this Act, to be forthwith delivered to such Person or Persons, upon Payment of One Shilling for every such Copy.

Penal i« and

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the pecuniary Penalties and For-Forfeiture* how feitures hereby to be incurred and made payable upon any Conviction, for a First and Second Offence

bciecovered. against

Form tf Conviction.

Clerk to deliver Copy of Co«< vi

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. So. 883

against this Act, and also for a Third Offence, upon Conyi&ion at the Quarter Sessions, as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges previous to and attending such Conyi&ion, to be ascertained by the Justic^or Justices before whom any [Offender shall be collided, shall be forthwith paid by the Person convicted, One Moiety of the Forfeiture to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed: And in case such Person shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, or to give Security for the Payment thereof, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to order such Offender to be detained in safe Custody, until Return may conveniently be had and made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Party, fpconvicted shall give fuf-. ficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for his Appearance before the said Justice or Justices, on such Day as shall be appointed by the said Justice or Justices for the Day of the Return of the said Warrant of Distress, such Day not exceeding Seven Days from the Time of taking such Security; which Security the said Justice or Justices are hereby impowered to take by way of Recognizance, or otherwise: But if upon such Return no sufficient Distress can be had; then, and in such Case, the said Justice or Justices shall and may qommit such Offender to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, of the County, Riding, or Place, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, unless the Money forfeited shall be sooner paid, or until such Offender, thinking him or herself aggrieved by such Conviction, shall give Notice to the Informer* that he? or (he intends to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace, to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and shall enter into Recognizance before some Justice or .-7

Justices, with Two sufficient Securities, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, * and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions $ which Notice of Appeal being not less than Fourteen Days before the Trial thereof, such Person so aggrieved is hereby impowerrd to give, and the said Justices, at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear, and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way? and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter '

Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever,

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions of the said recited Act shall be, and are hereby of

declared to be, repealed* 10 Geo. in* rc*

pealed.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day Fen^ies. for of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, if any Person or Persons shall, upon a Sun- ^ame or uflne day^ or on Christmas Day, in the Day-time, knowingly and wilfully take, kill, or destroy any Hare, GunonaSun-Pheasant, Paiuidge, Heath Game, or Moor Game, or shall, upon a Sunday, or on Christmas Day, ufeday or Christmat any Gun, Dog, Net, or Engine, for talcing, killing, or destroying, any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Day.

Moor Game, or Heath Game; every such Person being convicted thereof, in the Manner and Form prescribed by this Act, shall be subject to the like Forfeitures and Penalties as are herein-before enacted

to be inflicted for other Offences against this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall commit an Offence against this Act, How Penalties whereby a Penalty or Punishment is incurred, and dwells in another County than in that in which{or offerKM the Offence was committed, the Justice or Justices, before whom such Information or Indictment

had or made, may direct his or their Warrant of, Apprehension, and of Distress and Sale, to any Constable within such County, Riding, or Place;, where the Offence was committed, to be by him carried to the Justice near residing to the Place where the Offender dwells in such other County, Riding, or Place, to be signed by him on the Back of the said Warnnt, upon Proof on Oath of the Handwriting of the Justice who fir It granted the Warrant; which Indorsement shall be sufficient Authority for trie Constable of such Parish or Township where he dwells, or where his Goods and Chattel*, or Distress, are to be had and found, or for such Constable who shall bring the said Warrant to be indorsed, to apprehend and convey such Offender before the Justice who first granted the Warrant, or any other Justice or Justices of that County where the Offence was committed, or for such, Constable to levy such Penalty, by Distress and Sale, in the same Manner, and with the same Powers, as mighc have been done if the Person had lived in the County, Riding, or Place, where the Offence was committed; and also, in case where no sufficient Distress can be had or found, to convey the Offender* before (the Justice who first granted the Warrant Of Distress, or any other Justice or Justices of that County where the Offence was committed, to be dealt with according to Law; and the Justice of inch other County who indorsed the Warrant of Distress or Apprehension shall direct such Constable, or other Person taking and making such Distress and Sale, to deliver over- any Sums of Money for Penalties arising from such Distreis and Sale to the Justice of the County who first granted the Warrant, to be by him distributed according to the Meauine of this Act: And in case such Constable ot other Person shall neglect or refuse to pay such Sums of Money, or deliver over all Proceedings had upon such Distress and Sale, or Warrant of Apprehension, such Justice who first granted the Warrant, or the Justice who indorsed it, may commit such Constable, or other Person so refusing or neglecting to account for the Sums of Money received, or deliver over the Proceedings so had thereupon, to the common Gaol, or house of Corrections for the Space of Six Months, or until the Money shall be paid, and the Proceedings delivered over to the Justice who first granted the Warrant) or in caf;

884 C. 81. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

of his Absence or Death, to any other Justice of the same County, to be by him distributed according to the true Intent and Meaning; of this Act r Amf that no Afthoti of Trcfoaft, false hnptifonrcient, Inform Won, or Indiftmonty another Actiorr or Appeal, (half be hr^rght, toed* commenced), or prosecuted, by any Personer Berftiw whatsoever, against the Justrte of such other County who indbrifed such Warrant, for or by reason of hifr iitdorfing the same.

Proceedings not

VIII. Provided alway*! and be it further enacted, That no Order made concerning any of the Matters to be quaftied for aforesaid, or any other Proceedings to be had touching the Coirvifliotr or Convictions4 of any Offen-WaDt#>m Forhle (^er or Offenders against this Act, shall be qttashed' for want of Porni^ or be removed by Writ of C*r-byCenioriri. tiorari, or any other Writ* or Process whatsoever, into any of PPib Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

No Person tobe

IX. Provided also, That no Person-shall be proceeded ag^tnff for any of the Offences against this proceeded tgainst Act, as aforesaid', unless fn formation shall be' made thereof jipdn before some Justice of the

till information peace for the County, Riding, or Place* wherein such Offencefball he committed;, within Ohe Calcn-be made onOath. dftr Month after such Offence shall be committed.

CAP. LXXXII

An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement* and Regulation, of the Common Arable Fields* Wastes, and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom.

How Arable Lands shall be fenced,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS there are in several Parishs and Places in this Kingdom, several Wastes and Commons, and several Open and Common Fields, which, by reason off the different Interests the several Land Owners and Occupiers, or Persons having Right of Common, have in such c Wastes, Commons, and Fields, cannot be improved; cultivated, or enjoyed, to such great Advantage for the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and Persons having Right of Common, as they might be, and are capable of, if an improved Churfe of Husbandry was to be pursued, respecting such Open and Common Fields, in each Part(h respectively, and such Wastes, dr Commons of Pasture, were to be properly drained, or otherwise amended; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confer t-of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every Parish or Place in this Kingdom, where theie are Open or Common Field Lands, all the Tillage or Arable Lands lying in the said Open or Common Fields shall be ordered, fenced, cultivated\ and* improved; im such Manner, by the respective Occupiers thereof, and shall be kept, ordered; and continued, in such Course of* Husbandry, and be cultivated under such Rules* Regulations, and Restrictions, as Three* fourths in Number and Value of the Occupiers of such Open or Common Field Land* in each Parish or Place, cultivating and taking the Crops of the same, and having the Consent of the Owners in> Manner herein after mentioned, ind likewise the Consent of the Rest or, Impropriator or* Tithe Owner, or thclicffcc of* either of them respectively, firstihad in Writing, shall, at a Meeting, (in pursuance of Notice for that Purpose in Writing, under the Hands of One third of such Occupiers, to be affixed on One of the principal Doors of the Parish Church, Chapel, or Place, where Meetings Have been usually htld for such Parish or Place respectively, Twenty one Days, at least, before such Meeting, speccifying the Time and Place of such Meeting), by Writing under their Hands, constitate, direct, and appoint; and which Notice any of such Occupiers are hereby authorised and impowered to give.

Rules not to be

II. Provided always, That the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, so agreed upon, shall not be longer binding in Force, or binding upon any of the Parties thereto, for any longer Term than Six Years, or Two than 6 Yean. Rounds* according to the ancient and established Course of each Parsh or Place respectively.

Field Matter

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at every such Meeting to be had'

bowtobcap- as aforesaid,»it shall and may be lawful to and for the major Part in Number and Value of the Oc-pointed. cupiers (then present) of such Open or Common Field Lands, in each Parish or Place respectively,

to elect and chute One or more proper Person or Persons as Field Master or Field Reeve, Field Martyrs or Field Reeves, to superintend the ordering, fencing, cultivating, and improving, of such Open and Common Fields, and to see that the same are kept, ordered, and continued, in such a Course of Husbandry, as shall be constituted, directed, and appointed, at such Meeting, in Manner aforesaid $ and that such Field Mastermr Field Reeves so to be elected* and rhofen as aforesaid, shall continue in the said Office utmi the*Twenty*first Day of May, then next following, or within Three D;iyi^ after, and no longer, unless he or they shall be thereto re-'ftested and chbten in Manner herein-aftef directed. '

E.pence how-to

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences, bc ocirAycd. necelia y for the carrying on any such Plan of ordering, fencing, cultivating, or improving, into Execution. a> shall be agreed upon in Manner aforesaid, and which'(hull, at any Meeting to be held after Six Days Nonce having been given in Manner herein-before directed, by the major Part in Number and Value of the Occupiers aforesaid then present, be deemed common Expences, and for the general Benefit of the said Occupiers* shall be: borne, paid, and defrayed, proportionably by all the Occupiers- ot fuclvOpen and Common Field Lands, according to the Value of the Lands and Grounds each Person or Persons shall have in such Open and Common Field Lands; apd for the failing the -faoie, One or more Alteftfuenc or AffdiinentSj upon all and every the Occupiers of Common

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 81. 885

Field Lands in each Parish respectively, shall be made, levied; and colle^ed, by such Person attd Persons, and allowed in such Manner, as such Majority of the Occupiers of such Open and Common Field Lands,' at such Meeting to be had as aforesaid, shall dire<& affid appoint in that Behalf; and the Money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for, according to the Orders and Direction of such Majority of the Occupiers of such Common Field Lands, for and towards the better Cultivation of the said Common Field Lands, from Time to Time, as Need shall require; and thfc said Attcflments shall, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and 'Seal of One Justice of Peace of the County wherein such Common Field Lands shall lie, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods a id Chattels of every Person so assessed and not paying the same, within Ten Days after Demand-rendering the Overplus of the Value of the Goods so dirtrained (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of taking and making such Distress and Sale.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Occupiers of; for the Occupiers of Open and Common Field Lands, in any Parish or Place Where anyT Rules, Or- ^mon Field ders, or Regulations, shall have been agreed upon', for the ordering, fencing, cultivating, dr improving PaHfh^wtoaf-of such Lands, in ptufuance of this Act, and they are hereby required to meet and alierrible at some fembleand elect convenient Place, yearly, and every Year, on the Twenty^rtrft Day of May, or within Three Days Field Reeve*, after, in pursuance of Six Days Notice to be given of the Time and Place of such Meeting by One*

third of the Occupiers, in Manner aforesaid, then and there to elect dnd chdle One or more proper Person or Persons to be the Field M ifter or Field Reeve, Field Matters or Field Reeves, fot* /the Year ensuing; and that such Person or Persons who (half, ;by> thfc major Part of the Occupier^ of the said Lands, preCnt at such Meeting, be choseri. Field Matter Or Field Reeve, Field Matters or Fteld Reeves, to Superintend the ordering, fencing, cultivating, and improving of the said Common Field Lands', and to see that the same are cultivated according to the Rules, Orders, ^tnd RegiduiionV, agreed upon at the General Meeting for that Purpose, and (halt continue in the said Office for One whole Year, unless he shall die, or be removed, by vttue of the Power and Authority herein after given in that Behalf.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Field Matter or Field New Field Reeve, so to be chosen in pursuance rtf this Act, shall, within the Year in Which he shall be so chosen, Reeves to W ap. refuse of ne£]e£f to attend the said Business, or shall die, or remove to art’inconvenient Distance, or ^thoie who* become Bankrupt, or Have Execution agaiott his Body or Cfortdsy Jor *by Sickliefs or fctherwife be die, or re-rendered incapable of executing his said Office; that then, and in either rti the said cases, it shall and fuse to attend, rrtay be lawful to and for the Occupiers of the said Lands, '(after Six Days Notice' for that Purpose to

be given in Mariner aforesaid), to elect and chuT; in Manner aforesaid, Qnp other fit and proper Person to be the Field Matter or Field Reeve for the Remainder of that Year, in the Place and Stead of the former Field Matter or Field Reeve falling under either of the Descriptions aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Occupier* at TThrefe-fouiths in Number and Value of the Occupiers of Open and Common Field Lands, present sit Meetings, t* any Meeting to be held in pursuance of Fourteen Days Notice at least, previous to the usual Time rtf ofooen^n "com-opening such Common Field L*nds, to be given for that Purpose, in Manner aforesaid, to postpone mon^Fieia °m" the opening such Common Field Lands for such reasonable Time as at; fucYMfceting shall be thought Land*, necessary by such Majority as aforesaid, and to settle and determine hoW long such Common Fields shall continue open, and to limit and settle the Number of Cattle each Occupier in such Parish or Place shall respectively turn on such Common Fields, in due Proportion to the Stint or established Usage in such Parish or Place.

VIII. Provided always, nevertheless and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Cottager* not to Adb contain*, d shall be construed to extend to exclude any Cottager,- or other Person Or Persons whom- c*c.luded soever, having Right of Common, and having no Land in any of the said Common Fields, from having

and enjoying his or their Right of Common, in as full and ample Manner as he could and might have enjoyed the same before the passing of this Act, unless such Cottager, or other Person, shall, at any Metting to be held by the Occupiers of such Common Field Lands, in Manner aforesaid, consent or agree, in Writing, to a Composition for such R;ght, by an annual Payment, or other annual Advantage or Compensation, or to a Limitation thereof; in which Case such Consent and Agreement shall be binding and conclusive upon every such Person lo agreeing, his Heirs and Assigns, Tenants and Occupiers, until such Time as the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the ordering, fencing, cultivating, and improving of the said Common Field Lands, emitting at the Time of giving such Consent, shall expire.

IX. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if How Common the Occupiers of the said Common Field Lands shall, at Times when the said Fields have been ufu illy FitM Lands may enjoyed in Common, consent and agree nor to departure the same in Common, and shall allot and set ^Wntly by apart what shall be deemed by a Majority of such Cottagers who shall not have agreed to compound Occuptcr*.

for or limit their Right of Common, as aforesaid, a sufficient and equivalent Common for such Cottagers, and other Persons, as aforesaid, to be enjoyed exclusively by them; that then, and in such Calc, such Cottagers and other Persons shall not use, exercise, or enjoy their Right of Common, over such Parts of the said Common Field Lands, as are not used in common by the Occupiers thereof, but only over such Part thereof as* shall for such Time be allotted them for that Purpose, and set apart as aforesaid; any Law, Usage, or Stature, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained Saving of Right

shall exclude any Person or Persons seised or possessed of a separate Sheep Walk, or Pasture of Cattle, ate

VOL. XI. 5 X in hheep Walks^c*

*86 fli.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773

in or over all or any of the Common Field Lands in any Parish or Place, or In or over any Part thereof,

from using, exerciting, and enjoying, such Right, in as full, and ample Manner, to all Intents and j Purposes, as he might or could have enjoyed the same before' the passing this Act, unless such Person or Persons, having such Right as afiprttsaid, shall qonfent or agree in Writing at any Meeting of Occupiers, to be held* as afore laid, to a Composition for the lame, or a Limitation thereof* in which Case, every such Confeut and Agreement (frail be binding and conclusivk: upon every Person lo agreeing, and upon every other Person coming to the Poftblhon of such Sheep Walk, or Pasture for Cattle, by Descent, or otherwise, until such Time as the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the Cultivation of the said Common Field Lands, exifiing ac the Time of entering into such' Agreement, shall expire*

Balks, Slides,

XI. And whereas Balks, Slades, or Me.ers, which may be waste, do oft: n lie very inconveniently Sec. with Con- interspersed amongst the arable Lands in Common Fields, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons homsoever, having Land* inait^ptoughX any °Pcn or common Fields adjoining to any such Balks, SJades, or M^ers, being Wafe, with the* g Con fen t of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the respective Manors wherein such Balks, Slades,

or Meers do lie, and likewise of the Person or Persons who may have a fe par ate Sheep Walk in the said Fields, and with the Consent of Three-fourths in Number.and Value of the Occupiers of such Common Field Lands, to be signified at any Meeting to be held in Manner aforesaid, to plough up any of the said B. Iks, Slades, or Meers, and convert the same into Tillage, under the Regulations to be* settle ! as aforesaid.

Balsa, bc. ofeal

XII. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it enacted. That no Balk or Meer,*that has hereto--a* Road*, not to fore been used as a publick Road, or as a private Road, by any Person or Persons, to or from his or be ploughed, their own House or Lands, be so ploughed up.

Regulations to

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Per-br obfirved by son and Persons, wno shall have Licence in Manner aforesaid, to plough up and convert into Tillage, Persons hayT<ig» any BJk-, Slade, or Meer, shall, before he or they begin to plough up the same, lay down, in aiv --r^Pulband-hke Manner, under the Direction of the Field Master or Field Reeve for the Time being,

in a more convenient Part of the said Field, as much of his or their own Lai d as shall be equal in*

Value to the Land he or they shall so have Licence to plough as aforesaid and that such Lind so laid' down shall be Common Land? and so continue until the Regulations then existing for cultivating such' Common Field Lands shall expire. l4

Boundary Stonei

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by ;the Authority aforesaid, Thekt the Person or M.icpruinevtry per(cns ploughing any such Balk, Slade or Meer, (frail, by proper Bound Stones, fuftr iently mark* t/may* dntmguiih the several Lands ploughed, and the several Lands laid down in lieu thereof, so that the Property thereof, and each Person’s Right therein, may'be clearly known and ascertained.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and mayr be lawful tq £nd for the Lord or Lord*, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor, with the? Qopfent of Three-fourths of the-Pafons having Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons within his, her, Qt, their Mtanor, at a Meeting to be held after Fourteen Days Notice, such Notice to be given in Manner fre re in-be fore directed determined by the Lord or I^ords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor, or their Agent r^spe^lively, at any mon, miv c-fca Time or Times, to demile or lease, for any Term or Number of Years, not cxcpeding Four Years, Twelfth hart f Hny Part of such Wastes and Commons, not exceeding a Twelfth Part thereof, for the best and rnoff and tli? N-t improved yearly Rent that can by publick Auction be got for the same and that the clear Net Rents-Rents^to be ap reserved to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or plied for iiT»oT- Assigns, by any Lease or Lease* to be granted as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, and the ing the ktfidue m-jor Part of his, her, or their Tenants, applied in the draining, fencing, or otherwise improving of ot &ch w-ftcs the Residue of Inch Wastes and Commons.

AssefTtiirntstobc

XVI. Provided always, nevertheless, ^nd be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every improving1^ Manor where there are stinted Commons, in lieu of demifing or leafing Part thereof, One or more Wadti wHere Assessment or Assessments upon the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of such Manor, and the Persons there are Umted being Owners or Occupiers of such Commons, or their Agents or Managers, Avail or may, at theif Cananon*. Option, be made, levied, and collected, by such Person and Persons, and allowed in such Manner as the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of such Manor, and the major Part in Number and Value of the Owners or Occupiers of such Commons, present at a Meeting to be held within cue laid Manor, iat pursuance of Fourteen D. ys Notice to be given by the Lord or Lords,;Lady or Ladies, or his, her, or their Agent, in Manner aforesaid, of the Time and Place of Meeting for that Purpose, shall direct and appoint in that Behalf*, and the Money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for, according to the Orders and Directions of the Lid Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, and such Majority of the Owners or Occupiers, as aforesaid, in the Improvement of such Commons, from Time to Time, a> Need shall require* and the said Aileuments shall, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hind and Seal of One Justice of the Peace, be levied by Diliiels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every Person so aft died, and not paying the lame within Ten Days alter being demanded, rendering the Overplus of the Vidue of the Goods so distrained (it any) to the Owner and Owners thereof, the ueceiVary Charges of making such Distress and Sale being first deducted.

Srtnted Com-

XVII. And woereas there are, in many Parts of this Kingdom, certaiiv (Uired Commons of Pasture moos to be open- which are never enjoyed in Severalty, but which are at certain Times (but up for the better Growth of Timet^Owners Failure, and opened on certain hxed Days, from which, in particular Circumstances and Seasons, *c. at a Meet- £rcat Inconveniencies do and may ariXe* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and w* Oui) dircO* may

Lo ds of Manors, &c. with C n-£cnr of 1 hrre-fourths of Persons tuvirg Rght t Com

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

G. 81.

may be lawful for the major Part rn Number and Value of the Owners and Occupiers of such common Pastures, present at a Meeting to be held after Six Days Notice at lead given, in Manner herein-before directed, with the Consent of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor, or his, her, or their Steward or Agent, to postpone the opening of the said common Pastures for a Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days.

XVIII. And whereas there are in many Places common Pastures, with stinted or limited Rights of Twro-thirdief Common therein, which are open the whole Year and it would be attended with great Advantages to c?T"J?ness' f the Commoners to lhut up and unstock the same at particular Seasons; be it enacted by the Authority tJ,eLod"nhe aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Two-thirds in Number and Value of such Com- Minor, &c. may moners, at a Meeting to be holden after Fourteen Days Notice given in Manner herein-before direct the open-difefted, with the Consent of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor or Manors in which *n<* flatting such Commons are situated, his, her, or their Steward or Stewards, Agent or Agents, to direct, order, Common Pa* and fix, the Time when such common Pastures shall be broke or depaitured, and when the same shall *arC1' c* be (hut up and unstocked; such Orders to continue in Force for One whole Year and no longer.

XIX. Provided nevertheless, That a Portion of such Common Pastures shall be separated and set Prorifo respect-

apart for the Use of such Commoners exclusively as shall not consent to such Regulation, and the ln8erson# aot Portion f© set apart shall be adjudged by a Majority of such Commoners, not consenting as aforesaid, 2eaton?Re«-an Equivalent for their Rights of Common. Utiom.

XX. And whereas many stinted Common Pastures in this Kingdom are fed and depastured by tvrfrns haring Horses, Beads, or Neat Cattle, and in many Instances it would tend to the Improvement of such com- Right of c<w mon Pastures, and to the better Manuring and Cultivation of the Arable Lands in common Fields, or «on may dep*. otherwise, to which such common Pastures may belong, if the same were fed with Sheep; be it there- ofoiw~ fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the major Part in cltitel ° Number and Value of the Persons having Right of Common in such common Pastures, at any Meeting to be held in Porfuance of Notice, in Writing, under the Hands of a major Part of such Owners and Occupiers of such common Pastures, or Persons having Right of Common therein, to be affixed on the principal Door of the Parish Church of the Parish where such common Pastures shall lie, or of the nearest Parish Church where such Lands shall lie in an extraparochial Place, Ten Days at lead previous to such Meeting, specifying the Time and Place, and Intent of such Meeting, by Writing carder their Hands, to alcer and change the Manner and Custom of feeding and depasturing such common Pastures, so far as instead of Horses, Cows, and other Cattle, to allow the same to be fed and depastured with Sheep, at the Option of each Per foil respectively having Right of Common; and to limit and stint the Number of Sheep each such Person, having Right of Common in such common Pastures, (h-all respectively feed and departure thereon, in due Proportion to their respective Stints or Rights.

XXI. And whereas the Improvement of the Breed of Sheep rs a Matter of great national Importance, Ran* not to rt* and the turning of Rams upon Walks and Open Common Fields at certain Times of the Year has 5Jr""eUiJm been found to be very prejudicial; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ram Aug^c^to shall be turned upon, or be futfered to remain upon, any Wastes or common Fields, between the Nov. 25! Twenty-Fifth Day of August and the 1‘wenty-fifth Day of November in every Year,

XXII. And whereas several of the Owners and Proprietors of Wastes, Commons, and Common Pwfons'ormerly Field Lands, may, at the Time of any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, be incapable, thlsAa^ through various impediments, of entering into any of the Agreements hereby authorised to be made, may figfl Agree* for the better ordering, fencing, cultivating, and improving, of Common Arable Fields, Wastes, and menu. Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; be it therefore further enacted, That it Hull and may be lawful to and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees,

Committees, or known Agent or Receiver of any Owner and Proprietor of Wastes, Commons, and Common Field Lands, and of any Person having a Right or Interest therein, being under Coverture,

Minors, Lunaticks, or beybnd the Seas, and for every or any of them for the Time beings and also to and (or all and every or any of the said Owners and Occupiers, being Tenants in Tail, Tenants by the Courtesy of England; or Tenants for Life only, and to and for every or any of them respectively for the Time bein >, to enter into, and sign any Agreement to be made in pursuance of this Act.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rector or Rf&or* or Tithe Tithe Owner, in Right of his Rectory, Vicarage, or Curacy, or the Lessee of either of them ^"*r,*cnot^® respectively, who shall agree for or let his Tithes of the said Common Field Lands, during the said JorVettingXilhcJ Term of Six Years, or any Part thereof, shall receive any Fine, Foregift, Gratuity, or Compensation olher than by whatever, other than by equal half-yearly of yearly Payments. ' Haii-yearly or

yearly Payments.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Agreement so entered into in pursuance of this Act, All Agreement* shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, for the Purposes thereby intended, notwithstanding the itiade to be valid want of legal Title in the faici Owner or Owners, or in the said Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, " Committees, Agents, or Receivers, or in the Persons acting as such, or in the said Tenants in Tail,

Tenants by the Courtesy of Etrglarid, or Tenants for Life only, any Settlement or Settlements, Will or Wills, to the Contrary in ar.y-»wise notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Consent of any Consent of Oc-Oceupier of Lands in such Common Arable Fields, or of a separate Sheep Walk therein, to any such Cl,^rs no*to First Agreement, for the ordering, fencingycultivating, and improving of such Common Field*, to be ^r‘t/ej^u ^r* made by the Authority of or in pursuance of this Act, shall be good and valid, unless such Occupier cy0nd*r the

5X2 shall, Hand of (he

Ffo^rictor*

888 C. 82. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

shall, at the Time of entering into such Agreement, produce a Written Authority for that Purpose, under the Hand of the Owner or Proprietor, Guardian 01 Trustee; or in case of such Owner not being a Minor, and being in Parts beyond the Seas, of the known Agent of such Owner.

Aaionimaybc

XXVI. And be it /aether enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Owner or Occupier of any inkier*1 *" Common Field Lands, or of any Part thereof, for the better Cultivation whereof any Rules and Regulations shall have been agreed upon, in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities given by this Act*

shall not conform to such Rules and Regulations, or shall wilfully deviate therefrom in any RespeS1 whatsoever; that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers, of any Part of such Common Field Lands, who may have been damnified by a Breach of the Regulations aforesaid, to bring One or more Action or Actions of Trespass, of upon the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wefhnir./lcr, against the Person or Persons so offending; and if in any such Action, so to be bjought as aforesaid, a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff, or he shall recover Judgement by Default; that then, and in such Case, the Party or Parties so offending shall answer to the Party grieved all such Damages as shall be recovered in such Action, together with Double Costs of Suit.:

"Ko Person is XXVII, Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent, or extend to prevent, any Person hereby prevented Qr persons from inclosing all or any Part or Parts of his, her, or their Land, to and for his, her or their his *nd*°for*hi*0^n Use or Benefit, such Person or Persons having full Power or Right so to do*

own Use

Saving all Rights

XXVIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all to Hp Mskfty, ;and every Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor or Manors, and to all and every other Perform Lords of Manor*, ^(ji Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and ' Administrators, (other than and except the respective Persons, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and

Administrators, who may, in Consequence of this Abeing djiy cariL’d into Execrion, become subject* to the Provisions and Regulations thereby authorised to be made,) all such Estate, Interest, and Rights, as they, every, or any of them, had or enjoyed in and over the said Common Arable Fields, Waffes,., and Commons of Pasture, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had and enjoyed in case the same had jiot been made.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for <the better Regulation of Lying-in Hospitals, and other Places appropriated for the charitable Reception of pregnant Women v and also to provide for the Settlement of Ballard Children, born in such Hospitals and Places,

[Preamble.]

After Nov. 1, 1773, no Hospital to be established for the Reception of pregnant Women, unless a Licence be obtained;

\*hich Licence the Justices, at then Quarter S^fliont, are im-po.vered to &rant.

£v.*ry Licence to be stamped w.th a 5;. Scamp, and limned by the Justices,

WHEREAS, through the humane and benevolent Assistance of well disposed Persons, many Hospitals and Places have been established for the charitable Reception of pregnant Women, which have afforded great Relief in Times of the utmost Distress, and therefore merit every due Support and Encouragement; but some Inconveniences having been found to arise from the Number of Bastard Children born in such Hospitals and Places, which have become heavy Burdens, and have occasioned unreasonable Charges upon those Parishes wherein fudv Hospitals and Places have been instituted, to their great and unjust Oppression: And whereas it would tend, as well to promote the Interest of such Hospitals and Places as to give a seasonable Relief to such Parishes, if a Law was made to regulate the Settlement of such Ballard Children May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, no Hospital or Place shall be established, used, or appropriated, or continue to be used or appropriated, for the publick Reception of pregnant Women, under publick or private Support, Regulation, and Management, in any Parish within that Part of Great Britain called England, unless a Licence shall be first had and obtained, in Manner hereafter mentioned, from the Justices of the Peace, at some One of their General Quarter Sessions to be held for the County, Ruling, Division, City, or Corporation, wherein such Hospital or Place shall be situated; and such JustRes are hciefcy authorised and required to grant such Licence to any Person or Persons who shall apply for the same, such Person or Persons paying the Sum of Forty Shillings for every such Licence to the Clerk of the Peace of such County, Riding, or Division, or to the Town-Clerk of fucu - City or Corpora 01, as a Perquisite for his Trouble, and as a Fund to def;ay the Expence of the Stamp and Parchment that shall be used for the Grant of such Licence.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence shall be written on Parchment, and stampt with a Five Shilling Stamp; and a Copy thereof shall be entered in a Book to b:t kept for that Purpose by such Clerk, of the Peace, or Town Clerk, and preserved as a publick Register amongst the Records

of the-Coiiniy, Riding, Piv

or of such City or Corporation, as the Cale may be, to be infp^djed

by any Person or Persons bn Payment of One Shilling; and every such Licence shall be signed by Two or more such Justices of t^he Peace, at their General Quarter Session, and shall inline the Person or Persons to whom such Licence shall be granted to kccP One Hospital, House of RJace, and no more, for the publick or charitable Reception of pregnant Wopion,., i o:,

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 82. 68c)

III. And be it further enacted, That as well all Hospitals, Houses, and Places, already established, Hospirah nowor

wfed or appropriated, for the publick Reception of pregnant Women, and supported by charitable Contributions, or otherwise, for the Purposes of the Delivery or Lying-in of such pregnant Women, the; Reception of as all other Hospitals, Houses, or Places, that may hereafter be established, used, and appropriated, in pregnant Wo-like Manner, for the like Purposes, shall be deemed and taken to be Hospitals and Places within the men,'deemed true Intent and Meaning of this ActL within the intent of this A

IV. And, that it may be the more easily known what Hospitals, Houses, or Places, shall have been Inscriptions to be licensed pursuant to this Act, be it enacted, That there shall be fixed and kept up over the Door or *®xcd"v"

Door of ail Hoi-

pitala*

publick Entrance of every such Hospital, House, or.Place, an Inscription in large Letters, in the

following Words; videlicet, PURSUANT TO AN ACT OF

Licensed for the publick Reception of Pregnant Women, Parliament passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign

of King GEORGE the Third, and the affixing and keeping such Inscription, shall be a Condition in every such Licence; and in case such Inscription shall not be fixed and kept over the Door or publick Entrance of such Hospital, House, or Place, such Licence shall become null and void.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bastard Child or Children, born Bastard Chityfc*

in any such Hospital, House, or Place, as aforesaid, shall be legally settled in or shall be intitled to, in such-any Relief as a Parishioner, from the Parish wherein such Hospital, House, or Place, shall be situated 5 to

but cve.y such Child or Children shall fojlow the Mother’s Settlement, and shall immediately gain a Renef a* a Pa* Settlement in the Parish or Parishes respectively where his, her, or their Mother or Mothers were last rishoner. legally settled; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the Contrary thereof, in anywise, notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it should become necessary to ^nuheJ?Cv0Va! remove the Mother of the Child so born a Bastard, and the Child so born a Bastard, or either of them, ehM, the Cr°r from the Parish or Place in which such Hospital, House, or Place, shall be situated, to the Parish or Churchwards Place 10 which such Woman shall belong, or where (he shall have obtained her last legal Settlement, of the Patish luth Parish or Place being within Twenty Miles of such Hospital, House, or Place, to which (he shall are to Pay

be lo removed, shall be chargeable with, and liable to the Payment of all Charges and Expences

incident to or attending such Removals; such Charges and Expences to be allowed and settled by any justice or ] ftices of the Peace, (who is and are hereby required to allow and settle the same), in and for the County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, or Place, in which the Parish or Place shall be situated, to which such Mother and Child, or either of them, shall be removed as' aforesaid:

Ana il such Charges and Expences, after being allowed and settled as aforesaid, and Demand thereof made in Writing, dire6ied to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish to which such Mother and Child, or either of them, shall be removed, as aforesaid, shall not be paid within Two Days after such Demand; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in and for the County, Riding, Division,

City, Corporation, or Place, in which the Parish shall be situated, to which such Mother and Child, or either of them, shall be removed, and he or they is and are hereby required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor making such Refusal* as aforesaid, or on the Goods and Chattels of any or either of them.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself Appeal may he-or themselves aggrieved by such Removal or Distress had or made in pursuance of this Act, every such hv rcr

Person may appeal to the Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, fonraggiicvcd/ City, Corporation, or Place, wherein he shall have fuftered such Grievance, within Four Months after 1 /

the bad done, by which he shall think himself so aggrieved, such Appellant first giving, or causing to 1 be givenr Fourteen Days Notice at the least, in Writing, of the Intention to bring such Appeal, and giving Fourteen.-of the Matter thereof, to the Party or Parties against whom such Appeal is intended to be brought, and L>a^r* Nat‘ce* within Two Days next after such Notice given, entering into Recognizance, with Two sufficient,

Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be

awarded by, the Justices at the said Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices shall then hear and determine the causes and Matters of Appeal in a summary Way, and award-.such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of such Justices so cyxde fa dl be finals binding, and cone!ufive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. 11

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Officers belonging to the Parish wherein the Mother of Panto Officer*, such Child so btirn a Bastard shall have been last legaliy settled, and aft Magistrates of the County, i*0*1 1

Riding, Division,1 City, Corporation, or Place, wherein such Parish shall be situated, shall havea!nj Power and Authority to apprehend the reputed Father of any such Bastard Child, J to take Security for,

rhe Indemnity of the Parish, and to punish the Parents, and to do every other Matter or Thing; relative to such Case of Bastardy, in the same Manner, and With the same Powers, as such Magistrates or Officers might or would have had, in case such Child had been born in such Pariflvor Placed; any Law

or Statu'e to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, fVoviso. to after the Law as it now stands relative to the Settlement of any Bastard Child so born as aforeiaD, in Cases where the Mother’s Settlement cannot be ascertained and determined. ' 1 -

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner, Keeper, Governor,* °wncror Mailer^ Secretary, Clexk^br othejj Persona; who shall have, or to whor* shall be intrusted tWe

Conduct, before *d-

8go C. 82.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

rn, tlc^.f?J€ Conduct, or Management, of such Hospital, House, or Place, shall, and he, she, or they, is and are

Mice. °n hcrcb* ^c&ed and required, before the Admission of any pregnant Woman into such Hospital,

# House, or Place, forthwith, (unless prevented by Sickness), to take; or cause to be taken, such

Woman before some Justice of the Peace in and for the County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation,

or Place, where such Hospital, House, or Place, is situated, which justice is hereby directed and

required to examine her upon Oath, whether (he is married or single: And in case such pregnant

Woman shall not be able, at the Time of such Admission, to go before such Justice, and be examined as

aforesaid; that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Owner,

Keeper, Governor, Master, Secretary, Clerk, or other Person, as aforesaid, and he, she, or they, is and are hereby directed and required when and so soon as such Woman shall be sufficiently recovered, to take, or cause to be taken, such Woman before such Justice, to be by him examined as aforesaid,

any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: And

+all and every the Particulars of such Examination, taken upon Oath as aforesaid, shall be entered in a Book, to be provided and kept for that Purpose by the Owner, Keeper, Governor, Master, Secretary, Clerk, or other Person, as aforesaid, and signed by the Justice of the Peace before whom such Examination is taken, who is hereby directed and required to sign the same.

If the Woman

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Woman, on Admission into such Hospital*

Produce an Am-Hpufe, or Place, shall produce an Affidavit, sworn by her before such Justice of the Peace for the

roarned.oHingl^ City of London, or for the County, Riding, Division, City* Corporation, or Place, wherein such

Ihe is not liable Hospital, House, or Place, shall be situated, that (he is a married or single Woman, as the Case may

to go before the be, which Affidavit shall be kept and filed at every such Hospital, House, or Place; then and in every

ju(bce. such Case, such Woman shall not be liable or compellable by this Act to go before any Justice of the

Peace, or to be further examined on Oath as to her Marriage.

Whe&!n, Cdai

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Woman shall be delivered of a Bastard Child in such

lTvefcdofa B»- Hospital, House, or Place, such Owner, Keeper, Governor, Master, Secretary, Clerk, or other

stard, the Owner Person, as aforesaid, shall, Four Days at the Uaft before any such Woman shall be discharged, give, or

of the Hospiul cause to be given, a personal Notice, or Notice in Writing, of such Delivery, to be left at the usual

is to give Four Place of Abode of the Overseer or Overseers, Churchwarden or Churchwardens, of such Parish or

lore*(he0^it 'Placc» wherein such Hospital, House, or Place, shall be situated; and such* Overseer or Overseers,

charged to the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or some or One of them, is and are hereby authorised and

Overseer*. required, after such Notice given, to attend at such Hospital or Place, within, the Time so notified as

aforesaid, and shall convey every such Woman before some Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding,

Division, City, Corporation, or Place, where such Birth or Births shall happen, who shall examine

every such Woman upon Oath relative to her last legal Settlement, and shall certify, in Writing, to

such Overseer or Churchwarden the whole of such Examination, who shall cause the same to be

deposited and kept amongst the Books and Papers belonging to such Parish or Place.

Overseerattend-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time such Overseer or Churchwarden shall, upon

informed *tlu? such Attendance, he informed by such Owner, Keeper, Governor, Matter, Secretary, Clerk, or

such rDWom*n isother Person, that any such Woman is not sufficiently recovered to be taken out and carried before such

not sufficiently Justice, such Overseer or Churchwarden shall wait till a further Notice shall, in like Manner, be recovered, shall given; and such Notices, from Time to Time, shall be repeated as Occasion may require; and every

wait till a fur- J^ch Overseer and Churchwarden, who shall receive the same, is hereby required to pay due Attention ther Notice be

Every Woman

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every such Owner, Keeper, Governor, Matter, Secretary, Clerk, or other Person, to keep and detain in such (hebeuTafit Hospital, House, or Place, every such Woman so delivered of a Battard Child, till fhc shall be ad* Condition to be judged in a fit Condition to be discharged, and until (lie shall have b.en examined before some Justice discharged, dec. of the Peace, as aforesaid, with respeef to the Place of her last legal Settlement.

but not to extend

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be con-to keep any Wo-ft rued to extend, to authorise or impower any Person whatsoever to keep or detain in such man longer than H°spital, House, or Place, any Woman so delivered of a Bastard Child for a longer Time than Six out bex Confetit. Weeks after the Birth of such Child, unless it shall be done by her own free Consent.

noiT^&cCnoT~

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Owner, Keeper, Governor, Master, Secretary, complying with Clerk, or other Person, as aforesaid, who shall wilfully m glcift or refuse to comply with the Directions the Dina«on»of this Act, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Neglect or Refusa), the Sum of Fifty Pounds; anti this Act to for-and every such Overseer or Churchwarden who shall in like Manner neglect or refuse to comply with »eit 50I; the Directions of this Actt, shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten and Owrfem, pounds; which Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, wre fifing, to Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ by any Person

forioii iol. or Person who shall sue for the same; and such Forfeitures and Penalties, when recovered, shall be How Penaltie* applied. One Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall have been com-jnay be recovered muted, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall sue for and recover the same.

god applied.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Afiion or Suit shall be com: cnced ag^intt any Person or Perons for any Thing by him or them done or executed, in pur-iuance of this Act, the Deicndaxit or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall and may pl£ad the

A.D. 1771. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 83. 891

General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to behad there- Gcncnllffae. upon, and that the Tame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if afterwards a Yeruict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's* shall become non-suited, or dTontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall b6 given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise; then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble CofU. Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiff's.

XV. ill. Provided always, That no such Action or Suit shall be brought by virtue and in pursuance Actions, when to of this Act, unless the same be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Offencebecommented, committed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act; and as such P»Mi«k Act* taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same*

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for building a Bridge across the River of Thames, from Richmond^ in the County of Surrey, to the oppoute Shore, in the County of Middlesex, and to enable His Majesty to grant the inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond to certain Persons therein -mentioned*

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS great Advantages would aiifc to the Inhabitants of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey 9 and 10 the Publick. in general, from having a Bridge across the River Thames between 4* kichmondy in the County of Surrey and the opposite Shore, in the said County of Middlesex :* May it thueiore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in mis picient Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable CoomiUfionat Sir Fletcher Norton Knight, Speaker of the Honourable the House of Commons, the Members in Wsmtt* Parliament lor me Counties ot Middlesex and Surrey for the Time being. Sir Anthony Abdy% Sir Charles Afgilly Baronets, Saint Ailum, William Alder.y George Arbuthnot, Elijlrn Bifcoey "John Boddington, "James Brookes, LuunccUt Brown, Robert Brown el I y John Baker, Solomon Browny Henry Belly Thomas ButUr, the Right Hoi.ourable Frederick Cavendish, commonly called Lord Frederick Cavendish, the Right Honourable George Cavendish, commonly called Lord George Cavendish, the Right Honourable John Cavendish, commonly called Lord John Cavendish, the Honourable Charles Sloane Cadogan,

Edward Collins, Richard Gwen Cambridge, Sir James Ccckburn Baronet, George Colmany Grey Cooper,

James Cronutty Richard Croftes, Richard Crop, Alexander Craufurdy Peregrine Cujiy William Cranky John Chajey Robert Darrll, William tower, Welbore Ellis, the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Fitzwilliam, in toe Kingdom of Ireland, the Honourable Thomas Fitzmaurice, the Honourable John Fitzwilliam9.

William Gar diner y Da Ad Garricky Daniel Grcfey William Gumlrelly Daniel Gilcs, John Haverfield, Frederick Anthony Hind ley, the Honourable Henry Hobart, Henry Hollandy Philip Laggatt, James Lovt9 Henry JLaJceltes, Daniel Lejeur, Henry Lecves, John Mackay, Philip AIedowsy William Mills, the Lord of tnc Manor ot Pttctsham for the Time being, the Right Honourable Hugh Percy, commonly called Earl Percy, Samuel Puuell, - Periny Thomas Pownall, John Powell; William Price, George Patterson,

the Lord of the Manor ol Richmond for the Time being, James Rees, Crofton Rofiy George Rqfsy Joshua

Rcwity, Jonathan Rowbotham% Thomas Roberts, William RoLinfony the Lord of the Manor of Sion for the Time being, the Rigjit Honourable Rail S^ton of the Kingdom of Ireland, James Sayer, William ScL ivyn, Sir Charles Sheffield Baronet, Richard Sheppard, William Stallardy Philip Stephens, Lewis Shepheard9

William 'lurner, 7 bmia> junftally the Reverend -----Tilsony Gerard Vannecky the Reverend ——

Wakefield, Albany Wailisy At ark Waylandy James Ik dikes, Daniel Wray, William Waterman, Samuel Wardy George Waltery Gregory Way, the Honomable Horatio WalpoLy and their Successors, to be elected in Manner ncicin-atte. mentioned, inail be, and they ate hejeby constituted Commissioners for building a Bridge acroL the River Thames, between Richmond aforesaid and the opposite Shore, and for repainng and supporting the same, and for executing the other Powers of this Act, according to the Directions herein after mentioned* ,

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner, mniefs he, Qwlifietti®o rf in the Right of him Rif or his Wife, shall be seised at Law, or in Equity, of an Estate of inheritance, or fur 1 c.m of Life, or shall have an Estate lor a Term of Years determinable on One or more Life or Dives, or a certain Term originally created for Twenty-one Years, or more, in Lands or Tenements lituaie in the said Counties ot Surrey and Middlesex, or One of them, of the clear yearly Value of One Hundred Pounds, or lor a Term or Years in Lands or Tenements in the said Counties* or One of them, or the dear yearly Value of One hundred and Fifty Pounds, above all Rents or Charges payable out of or affecting the same; or unless ne shall he Heir-apparent to a Person seised at Law, or in:

Eq uicy, of an Estate of Inheritance in Lands or Tenements within the said Counties, or One of them,

of the clear yearly Value of Five hundred Pounds above all such Rents and Charges; or shall be

ppiiciled of a pe; tonal Estate of the Value of Two thousand Pounds; and no Person shall be capable of

acting as a Commissioner in any Case in which he shall be interested, or in any ManneT whilst he shall*

hold any Oukc, or in his private Capacity be concerned m any Contract or Agreement relative to1

the Execution of this Acte And it any Person shall act as a Commissioner, not having the requiftte Pearttyeoact-

Qualification of Estate, or being otherwise hereby disqualified from aftipg, he shall, lor every Offence, j11 M

c.

92 -C*’ 8$.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii.III. A.D. 1773.

forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds* to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of Hre Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill* Suit, or Information, wherein no Efiom, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed; and every Commissioner prosecuted for acting without being qualified by Estate in M nner aforesaid, shall prove that he is so qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty on Proof of his having acted as a Commissioner.

Place of Com-

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the said Commissioners shall meet for m.ilioow.Meet- executing this Act in Manner following; that is to say, The said Commissioners, or any Five or more ins* or them, shall meet for the first Time at the Charity School at Richmond, on the last Saturday in the

Month of-One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and shall then, and at every fub-Mmnerofad- fiquent Meeting, adjourn themselves, from Time to Time, and Place to Place, as the said Conr-jourmng. missioners, or any Five or more of them, present at any such Met ting, shall think convenient; and if

Five Commissioners shall not attend at the Time and Place appointed for any such Meeting, then the Clerk to the said Commissioners or any One Commissioner, shall and may adjourn the Meeting of the said Commissioners to the same Place, and to the same Day Thiec Weeks next after the Day when their Meeting ought to have been held, and shall cause Fourteen Days Notice of such Meeting to be given in thq London Gazette \ and also the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, Hull have Authority, as often as they shall think, fit, to call an extraordinary Meeting, at such Time and Place as they by a previous Notice of Fourteen Days at least, to be advertised in the London Gazitte, shal) appoint; Commissioneri and the said Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings, pay their own Expences: And all ihcir Orders to defray tfctfrr and Proceedings at every Meeting shall be entered in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose by their own Exjpeflcet. Clerk, to be appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, and Hull be signed by th: Commissioner Proceedings to be who shall be Chairman at the Meeting, or by Two other Commissioners; and such Entries shall be entered in Book*, deemed original Orders and Proceedings, and may be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

New Commissioner*s to be elected by Ballot,

any of the Commissioners de of acting, it shall be them, at any Meetings,

tt;C

'Commissioner* may cause a Bridge to be

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as often «> of this Act shall die, or refuse to act, or become, on any Account, incap,1 lawful for the surviving or other Commissioners, or any Five or more of

whereof a previous Notice of Fourteen Days, with the Caule of Meeting, shall be adverlifed in London Gazette, to elect by Ballot, One or more fit Person or Persons to ne a Commissioner or Commissioners, in the Place of him or them so dying or refusing to act, or incapable of acting; and the Person or Persons so elected shall have the same Powers as the Commissioners herein named.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to build or cause to be built, with Stone, and other good and sufficient Materials, a Bridge across the said River Thames, from Richmond\ in the County of Surrey,

kUlltnh^Riitr to c^e 0PP0^lte Shore in the County of Middlesex, at the Feriy, or as much lower down the River Thames, (tom *he Commissioners can settle with the Consent of such Landholders, Lessees, or Assignees, in

crols I

ihe

Richmond to the Towns of Richmond and Twickenham, whose Property may be materially affected thereby, in conf:-oppofue Shore, quence of its becoming necessary to make use of the same for the Purposes of this Act, according to such Design, and in such Manner, as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, file'll appoint; and also, for the Purpose aforesaid, to deepen and widen the said River, and cut the Banks thereof, and to dig up and remove any Shelves, Gravel, Sand, and Mud, Aytes, or other Onftrudlions in the said River, and (with such Consent as aforesaid, and nor otherwise) to make in or over the fai^i River^ and the Lands adjoining thereto, any Trenches and Landing-places; and also to make any new Road for facilitating the Access to the said Bridge on the Surrey Side of the Lid River Thames, from George Street, or any other Street in Richmond, by Embankment of any Part of the said River Thames between such Street and the said Bridge, or near and adjoining thereto, or otherwise; and also to make Contracts, and do all other Aits necessary for building such Bridge, and for maintaining, supporting, and improving the same, when built, and the said new Roads leading thereto, from Richmond, they ti^c said Commissioners doing as little Damage as may be, and first making Satisfaction, in Manner herein after directed, to the Owners and Occupiers of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be pulled down, made use of, or prejudiced, in or by the Execution of any of t‘.ie aforesaid Powers.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the main or principal Arch of the said Bridge, so to be built by the said Commissioners, shall be at least Twenty-five Feet high from Low-water Mark, and Sixty Feet wide; and the other Arches in Proportion: And that when the said Bridge shall be built, there shall remain not less than Two hundred and fifty Feet for the Passage of the Water within the Banks of the said River Thames; and also th. t the Way for Carriages and Horses over the said Bridge shall not be less than Twenty-four Feet in Width between the Parapets, including Footways.

VII. And whereas, in order to hnvc a proper Access to the said Bridge on the Middlesex Side of the

Thames, it will be necessary to make a new Road from the said Bridge across a certain Meadow called Twickenham Park, now belonging to her Grace the Duchess Dowager of yfcwcajile, to the Lane called Ferry Lane, leading from Twickenham to the present Ferry at Richmond; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five 01 more of them, to set out and make such Road across the said Meadow, called Twickenham Parky in such Manner as they, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, they the said Commissioners first: making Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners of the said Meadow, in Manner herein after directed, in respect to the Owners of other Land} $ and the said Road, when made, shall be deemed a common Highway, and shall be - ’ repaired

Dimension* of toe Bridge.

Commissioner*

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 83. 893

repaired by the said Commissioners, as they, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time diredh

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Road through Twickenham Park Dimensions of shall not, without the Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Meadow, called Twickenham the Ru»d. Fark^ for the Time being, be more than Forty teet wide, and that without such Consent* no Part

thereof shall be carried further to the Northward than the Distance of One hundred and fifty Feet from a certain Stile now handing between the said Meadow and the Ft id Ferry Lane \ and also, that without such Consent, the Junction of the said Roa'd with Ferry Lane shall not be more than Two hundred and Forty Feet from the said River Thames* including the Breadth of the said intended Road; and also that no Houses or Sheds, or any other Buildings whatsoever, shall at any Time be erected or built upon any Part of the said Road through Twickenham Meadow.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge shall not be rated or afiefted for or towards the The Bridge to be

Payment of the Land Tax, or any other publick or Parochial Rate or Tax whatsoever; and that the frcc from T*xe», laid Bridge shall not be deemed a County Bridge, so as to subject the Counties of Surrey and MiJd/ssex, Jfd "otRto.bc or either or them, to the Repair or Support thereof. 0UJl y n KC*

X. And, for preserving the said Bridge from wilful or malicious Damage, and preventing all Inter- Damaging the ruptions to the Building thereof, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or Bnd8e* ffc* maliciously pjll down or otherwise destroy, or cause to be pulled down or otherwise destroyed, the said deemsd f clon/% Bridge, or any Part thereof, or shall willuily, maliciously, and without Authority from the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, remove or take away, or cause to be removed or taken away,

any Materials or Things belonging thereto, or shall unlawfully, wilfully, and maliciously do, or cause to be done, any'Fifing whereby the said Bridge, or the VVoik or Materials thereof, during the building of the same, or afterwards, may be damaged; every such Offender being lawfully convicted thereof shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported to One of His Majesty's Colonies in America for the Space of Seven Years.

XI. And, for better preventing Damage to the said Bridge and the Works thereof, by Persons Damage done bf navigating Boats, Barges, L'gnieis, or other Vessels, on the said River Tham s, be it further enacted, Boats,&c. to be That the Owner or Owners at every Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, shall be responsible to the made good by the said Commissioners for the Colts of making good any Damage which shall be done to the said Bridge, vvacr8*

or any Fait thereof, by his or their Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, or by the Boatmen, Bargemen, or other Person or Persons navigating the same, and may be sued accordingly by the said Commissioners in any Court of Record whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Corporate, and for Feoffees in Bodies Corporate,

Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees whatsoever, cubted to for and on the Behalf of themselves, their. Heirs and Successors, Infants, flue unborn, Lunaticks, thei[

Jdiots, Femes-covert, or other Cestuique Trusts, and for all other Persons whomsoever, who are or shall Conrniiffionen. be seised or pefieffed of, or interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

which the said Commissioners shal deem necessary to be pulled down, or made use of in Execution of the afore fa iJ Powers, to contract and agree with said Commissioners for the Sale thereof, or of any Fart thereof, or for their Interest therein, and to convey the same unto the said Commissioners, or as they shall appoint; and such Contracts, Agreements, and Sales, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the Contrary thereof in anywise iKitwitkillanding; and all such Persons are hereby indemnified for making the same.

XIII. And be it fui ther enacted, That if any such Bodies Corporate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Lands, &c. if not Person or Persons interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ag^ for, to be upon a Notice of Fourteen Days from the said Commissioners given or left in Writing, at the Dvvcl- Vilu£d by a JurT sing-House of the Chief Officer belonging to any such Body Corporate, or of any such Person or Per- °n Sv-ounly* fons as aforeLi-i, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession, shall not agree with the said Corn-imfiaoners for the Sale of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any

Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, or through Disability, by reason of Nonage, Coverture,

Entails, or other Impediment, cannot make any effectual Agreement, or by reason of Absence shall he prevented from agreeing; then, and in eve y such Cale, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall inquire, by the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men, what Damages will be sustained by, anu what Recompence ought to be made to, any such Person or Persons interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and shall settle the same in Manner1 following; (that is to say). The laid Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authoriseii, from Time to Time, to iliue their Precept to the Sheriff’ of the County in which the Thing to be valued shall lie, thereby requiring hun to impanel, summon, and return a Number of Persons, being Inhabitants of the particular County, and qualified to serve on Juries, not less than forty eight, nor more than Seventy-two, at the Time and Place in such Precept mentioned, (at which Time and Place a written Notice of Fourteen Days (li d! be given to the Parties interested, in Manner aforesaid); and out of such of them as shall appear, a Jury of T welve shall be drawn by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or their Order, in the same Manner as Juries for the T rial of (dues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster are, by an Act passed in the Third Year of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better regulating tf the Juries, directed to be drawn; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised to swear such Jury, and, by the Oath of the Lid Jury, shall cause to be enquired into, and ascertained, the Value of any such floules, Buildings, Lanus, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as the said Commissioners shall think

894 C. 83.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 177 Jr

Tory

Plao

Verdict to be signed by Fire Commissionen

the Clerk of the Peace.

Where Person*

are in titled in Remainder, the

coidingly.

The Sum adjudged ai a Satisfaction to be paid, or tendered, in a Month after the Verdictt, or the Adjudication to be void.

If the Sum adjudged be re

necessary to be pulled down or made use of for the Purposes aforesaid; and what Damage will be sustained by, and what Recompence ought to be made to, the Owners and Occupiers for their respective Interests; and for that Purpose are hereby also authorised to summon before the said Jury, and t<* examine on Oath the necessary Witnesses, and shall, if they, or any Part interested shall judge. necessary, cause the said Jury to view the Place in Question, and shall use all other lawful Means

or *n^orm*ng themselves and such Juryj and when such Jury shall have settled* the Recompence by iry* their Verdict, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall adjudge the Sum of Money, found by the Verdict of such Jury, to be a proper Recompence to be paid to the Parties interested according to such Verdict, and a Transcript of such Inquisition, Verdict, and Judgement, shall be made on Parchment, and be signed by Five or more of the Commissioners present, and forthwith be transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace for the County in which such Proceedings shall be, and shall be present.and to be by him preserved amongst the County Records; and such Inquisition, Verdict, and Adjudication shall transmitted to be final and conclusive all the Parties interested, whether Natural Perform or Bodies Politick, Infants, Femes-covert, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Persons under any other Disability, and their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors; and every such Party interested shall, after Tender and Payment, in Manner herein after directed, of the Money so found and adjudged for such Party, be diverted of all his or her Right to, and Interest in, the Premises in Question, and the same shall vest in the said Commissioners and their Successors, for the Purposes of thhAft; and if any Person or Persons shall be intitled in Remainder or Reversion to any such Premises, or to any future Interest Purchase money ^erein» then the Money found and adjudged as a Satisfaction shall be settled under the Dkedtion of to be settled ac- the faM Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to the same Uses* unless such Person or Persons shall consent to give up such future Interest.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Sum so found and adjudged as a Satisfaction, shall, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and out of the Money herein after directed to be raised for the Purposes of this Act, be paid or tendered to the Party intitled, their Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other Trustees, within One Month after such Verdict and Adjudication; and if the same shall not be so paid or tendered, such Verdict and Adjudication shall not bs binding on any such Party: But if any such Party shall refuse to accept such Satisfaction, or cannot be found; or if by reason of any Suit or Want of Evidence, or by reason of any other Thing, it shall not appear to the said Commissioners what Person is intitled; or if any Mortgagee of any such Premises shall refuse to take his or her Mortgage Money; in every such Case, the said Commissioners,

fuftd, &c. to be or any Five or more of them, may order the Sum so found and adjudged as a Satisfaction, or due on an7 such Mortgage, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name of their Treasurer, for the Use of the N»meof Parl*es interested, there to remain till paid to them, according to their respective Interests, by Order the Treasurer of the said Commissioners, or 6f any Five or more of them.

Right of chal-

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Parties interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, lengmgthe Jury. Tenements, and Hereditaments, as aforesaid, shall have their lawful Challenges against any Persons, Conrniiffioneri when they come to be sworn as Jurymen; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised, at any ^Defaultin* Time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds, for any One Offence, on the Sheriff of either of the aforesaid Counties, or His Bailiffs or Deputies, for a< y Default in respect of the impanelling, summoning, and returning such July, as aforesaid, or any other Part of their Duty under this Act, or upon any Person or Persons, who shall be summoned and returned on any such J ury, and shall not appear, er shall refuse to be sworn on such Jury, or being sworn, shall not give his or their Verdict, or shall, in any other Manner, wilfully neglect his Duty as a Julyman; and also upon any Person or Persons who, being summoned to come and give Evidence before any such Jury, shall wilfully neglect to come, or shall refuse to be examined; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, levy any such Fine by Distress and Sale of the Offenders* Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to the Constable or other Peace Officer of the Parish, Township, or Place, where such Offender shall reside, who is hereby required to execute the same; and every such Fine, when levied, shall be applied by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in the same Manner as is herein after directed concerning the Tolls to be raised under this Act.

Richmond Ferry.

XVI. And whereas His Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is seised of the Fee fimpJe of the Ferry for Carriages, Horses, and Foot Passengers, over the River Thames, between Richmond aforesaid and the opposite Shore: And whereas His late Majesty King George the Second, by His Letters Patent, dated the Twentieth Day of February, in the Twenty-ninth Year of His Reign, did demise the said Ferry* with all its Rights and Privileges, unto William Windham Esquire, for a certain Term of Twenty-one Years, commencing from the Twentieth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, at the yearly Rent of Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence; and His present Majesty, by His Letters Patent, dated the First Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, did demise the said Ferry, with its Rights and Privileges, unto the said William Whdbimy for a certain furthe- Term of Eleven Years and One H.ilf Year, to commence and be computed from the Thirty-first Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, at the like \ rlv Rent of Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence; and which said L. t ^rs Pru ne, nnu :ne Pieir.ifes thereby granted, have been assigned unto, and are now verted in, Henry Holland. Genriem n, for a i the Remainder of the several Terms by the said Letters Patent, respectively demised as aforesaid: And whereas the Profits of the said Ferry will ccale in consequence of a Bridge being built over the River Thames as aforesaid, be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Coniuniiior.cn to

impanelling Jury, and Jurymen or Wit-neflei for not attending.

Fine* to be levied by Distress &c.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 83. 895

build the said Bridge, or execute any of the Powers aforesaid, until after obtaining a Grant of the In- The Bridge aot hericance of the said Ferry from His Majesty, His Hei-rs or Successors, according to the Power herein- be built after given for that Purpose; and also unless they do or shall first, and before they shall begin to build cjufeJrJ^ " the said Bridge, and on or before the First Day of June, which will be in the Year of our Lord, One Commissioner*. thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, purchase all the Estate, Right, Interest, and Claim, of the said Henry Holland, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, oL in, and to the said Ferry, with all its Rights, Privileges, and Appurtenances; and in case the said Commissioners cannot agree with the said Henry Holland, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for the Purchase of the said Ferry, with ~ all its Rights and Privileges as aforesaid; then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the In case the Com-said Parties to ascertain and try the Value thereof in a feigned Issue or I flues, in His Majesty's missioner* and Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, to be tried before the Chief Justice, or any other of the Wr‘HoUand Judges of the said Courts, by a Special Jury of the Freeholders of the Counties of Surrey and vi^ufbTtr^a Middlesex, to be nominated in the usual Manner of naming Special Juries, by the proper Officer by a jury of of the Court wherein such Issue shall be tried, out of the Sheriffs Books, of the Freeholders in the Surrey tad MM-respective Counties aforesaid, fit to serve on Special Juries, and to be summoned in the usual dksex. Manner of summoning Special Juries, by the Sheriff for the Trial of causes at Nisi Prius, in the said Court of King's Bench and Common Picas, One Half of which said Jury shall be summoned and returned by the Sheriff, of and out of the County of Surrey, and the other Half of the said Jury, to be named as aforesaid, shall be summoned and returned by the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex; f that is to say). Twenty-four Jurymen shall be named out of each County, whereof the Plaintiff shall strike out Six, and the Defendants other Six, of the Jurymen, so to be named out of each County as aforesaid, and the Rdidue of the said Jury shall be summoned and impanelled, and return to try the Issue to be joined as aforesaid; and if a sufficient Number of Jurymen so to be summoned, (that is to say). Six of the County of Middlesex, and Six of the County of Surrey, so as to make a full and competent Jury of the jurymen to be summoned to try the I flues aforesaid, shall not attend to try the same, then such and so many Talesmen shall be taken to make a full and complete Jury, as the Judge who shall try the Issues shall think fit to order in that Behalf: And to the End and Purpose of trying the Matters aforesaid, the said Henry Holland shall be Plaintiff, and any Five or more of the said Commissioners, acting under the Authority hereby vested in them, shall be made Defendants, in such Manner as shall be agreed between the said Parties, or as by the said Henry Holland, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or his or their Counsel, shall be advised *, and such Issue or Issues shall be settled by the Court in which the same shall be tried, if the Parties shall differ in settling thereof 5 which Issue or Issues, when so tried, if the same shall be to the Satisfaction of the Court, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties; and such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Jury shall, upon their Oaths, find ought to be paid to the said Henry Holland, as a Satisfaction for his Right,

Title, Interest, and Claim, in and to the said Ferry, shall be indorsed upon the Postea, and shall be paid to the said Henry Holland, with Costs of the Trial to be taxed } and the said Henry Holland, and the said Commissioners, shall each of them have their lawful Challenges, and the Court wherein such Action shall be tried shall give Judgement therein according to Law; which Judgement shall be recorded in the said Court, and shall be finally binding and conclusive upon all Parties: And j, case no Ae* in case the said Henry Holland, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse to commence an tion he brought Action in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench ot Common Pleas, within Six Months after Notice shall in Six Month* be given to him or them by any Five of the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, fig- Notice, nifying that they shall be willing to join in a feigned Issue, to ascertain the Value of the Right and Interest of the said Henry Holland, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of and in the said Ferry, r under and by virtue of the aforesaid Letters Patent, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commis- er* sioners, or any Five or more of them, to summon a common Jury to ascertain the Value thereof, in 1 jury toafcer-such and the same Manner as is herein-before provided, for purchaung the Estate and Inheritance of the uio the Value. Proprietors of Houses and Lands*

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Succef- nit Majesty e«-fors, at any Time hereafter, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, to grant the Fee-ftmple and In- abied to grant heritance of the said Ferry at Richmond, together with the yearly Rent now incident to the Reversion the Inhoitancu thereof, unto the said Commissioners, and their Successors, at and under such yearly Rent as is now of the Ferry, payable to His Majesty, or such other yearly Rentas His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall think fit to reserve, any Statute or Law to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and the yearly Rent so to be reserved in the said Letters Patent, shall be payable into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and be carried to and made Pait of the General or Aggregate Fund, established by an Act of the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Tirft, and he applied to the same Uses.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That after obtaining a Grant of the Inheritance from His Ma- After obtaining t jesty, His Heirs or Successors, of the said Ferry, and purchasing the Estate and Term of Years of the Grant from H»* said Henry Holland, in Manner aforesaid, the said Ferry shall be carried on under the Direction of the Majesty, &c. the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, until the Building of the said Bridge shall be com- *P*V° %*! pleated, and there shall be a Passage over the same, and afterwards the said Ferry shall be difeonti-

nued, and the Profits made thereof in the mean Time shall be applied in the same Manner as the Tolls ers. herein after mentioned are directed to be applied.

XIX. And, for defraying the Expence of Building the said Bridge, and of executing the other r

Trusts of this Act, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, mara*To]I. shall cause to be erected a Toll-house and Toll-gate, at the Surrey End of the said Bridge, and a house,&c. Toll-gate at the Middlesex End thereof and there shall be paid to the Collector or Collectors, who

8g6 C. 83. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

shall be stationed at such Toll-house and Toll-gates by Appointment of the said Commissioners, ii> Manner herein after mentioned, for a Paflagu over the said Bridge, such Tolls or Sums of Money as said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall order and direct, not exceeding the Sums or T0II3 following; (that is to say),

he Toll*. For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Vessele, drawn by Six: Horses, or other Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence.

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Beriin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or "Other Vessele, drawn by Four Horses, or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and on Sundays y the Sum of Two-Shillings.

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Vessele, drawn by less than Four Horlba, or other Cattle, and more than One Horse or other Bead, the Sum of One Shilling and on Sundays, the Surp of One Shilling and Sixpence.

For every Chaise, Chair, or other vessele, drawn by One Horse or other Bead, the Sum of Eight-pence, and on Sundays, the Sum of One Shilling.

For every Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by more than Six Horses or Other Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings.

For every Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by Four and not more than Six Horses or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and by Two or Three Horses, or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling; and by One Horse or other Beall, the Sum of Eight-p:nce, (except Higlers and Bakers Carts drawn by One Horse or Beall only.)

For every Higler’s or Baker’s Cart drawn by One Horse or Beast only, the Sum of Sixpence.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two pence.

For every Foot Passenger whatsoever, One Halfpenny, and if with a Wheel-barrow, or such like* Carriage, One-penny.

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four-pence per Score, and after that Rate for any greater or less Number.

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Sixpence per Score, and after that Rate for any greater or less Number.

Tolls vested in Commissioners.

The Manner of

rntorc n> th: Payment of Tells,

Which said respective Tolls are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, in the firH* Place* for defraying the Expence of obtaining and passing this Act, and afterwards for paying the Rent which shall he reserved on the Grant of the Inheritance of the aforesaid P erry, and for defraying the Expence of building the said Bridge, and executing the other Purposes herein expressed, and shall be accordingly, from Time to Tirae, applied as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, (subject to the special Provisions herein after made) shall direct; and it shall not be lawful for any Per foil to pass over the said Bridge, or through the Toll Gate or Gates thereon, till Payment of the Toll hereby made payable: And if any Person or Persons shall pal’s the Toll Gate or Gates, or over the said Bridge, without paying the Toll hereby made payable, the Collector or Collectors of the said Commissioners shall and are hereby authorised to levy the 'Foil hereby made payable, and also Double the Value of th? Toll, as a Penalty upon such Person or Persons, by Distress of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, or Goods, upon which such Toll is hereby imposed, or of any other Goods anti Chattels of the Person or Persons who ought to pay such Toll; and if such Toll and Penalty, with the Charges of the Distress, shall not be paid within Fourteen Days after the Distress, then to fell the Cattle or other Goods diilrained, and after deducting such Toll and Penalty, and the Expence of ditlraining and of-keeping the Cattle or Goods distrained, and of felling the same, such C >lle:\or or Collect >rs shall return the Overplus of the Money anting by the Sale to the Person or Persons on whom such Distress

shall be made; and every such such Penalty, when levied, shall be applicable in the same Manner as the oils hereby made payable.

If the Bridge

XX. And whereas the said Bridge may receive such Damage by Tern ports, or otherwise, that the

shall receive Da- Passage may at Times become dangerous or impracticable; be it therefore further enabled, That ia

mage, an occa- every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of th m, nny and shall, at their Difftonai Ferry may cretion, set up a Ferry across the said River Thames, at any Place or Places, being as near to the Ltd ctup* Bridge as the repairing thereof will permit, and such Ferry Hull continue till the Railage over ths ftid Bridge shall be rendered safe, and the same Sums of M >ney lh ill be payable for a P.JUge determined by the said Ferry, as are herein-before directed to be paid asTolls for Passage over the said Bridge, and shall be levied and applied in the same Manner.

[Proviso.]

XXI. Provided always nevertheless, That no Larding Place, Road, or P.ilTage, from the said Ferry*

shall at any Time be made through, in, or upon, the said Meadow called Twickenham Park, or any Part thereof, without the Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the same.

Power to borrow

XXII. And, in order that fufRcient Sums of Money may b: raised for building the aforesaid Bridge, an J Money upon the effecting the other Purposes or this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Eleven or more of them, from Time to Time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding together the Sum ot Twenty-five thousand Pounds, and by any Writing under their H mds and Seals, to a.flgn the T oils hereby granted, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons, as a Security for Repayment of the Sums of Money they shall advance to the said Commissioners, with such intercib for the same, not exceeding Five Pounds for each One Hundred Pounds by the Year, as Avail bu

Toil*.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 83. 897

agreed upon between the said Commissioners and the Person or Persons advancing such Money; and all Securities, Securities and all Alignments shall be entered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners without Fee or to be enterjJ in a Reward in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be deemed personal Estate, and shall be assignable by any Writing or Writings; and such Alignments shall also be entered in the same Manner as the original Securities, and after such Entry, shall intitle the Assignee or Assignees, and his or their nTpective Executors and Administrators to the Benefit thereof; and all Persons who shall be possessed of such Securities shall be Creditors on the aforesaid Tolls in-equal* Degree, without Regard to the Priority of their Securities, and the Principal and Interest which shall become due on such Securities, shall, from Time to lime, be paid by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Five or m ire of the out of the Monies arising from the Tolls hereby made payable, according to the Terms of the Agreements to be contained in such Securities reflectively.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when all the Sums of Money which the said Com- When Moner miliiontis a:e herein before enabled to borrow upon the Credit of the aforesaid l olls, together with all borrowed and Interest for the same, shall be paiJ, the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall, from b*~

Time to Time, as they shall think convenient, invest so much of the Monies arising from the said I. vdk-d ia Tolls as tire icxpence of supporting the said Bridge, and the other incidental Expences of executing tfcFunJs forths this Act, will, from Time to Time, permit, in the Purchase of Parliamentary Securities or Govern- Support of (be ments Funds, in the Names of them the said Commissioners, and in like Manner shall apply the In- Bn^e.the Toils terest anting from such Securities or Funds; and such Sums to be inverted, shall be, from Time to to cease*

Time, subject to the same Application as the Tolls hereby made payable, whenever the Execution of the Trulls hereby reposed in the said Commissioners shall so require; and if such Sums of Money so to be inverted shall at any One Time amount to the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, then the Tolls hereby made payable shall cease, and the said Bridge shall become a free Bridge, and the said Sum of Five thou land Pounds, and the Interest thereof, shall, from thenceforth be a Fund, in the first Place, for paying the yearly Rent which shall be reserved on the Grant of the Inheritance of the aforesaid Ferry at Richmond, and subject thereto for the future Support of the said Bridge, and the Approaches thereto, and defraying the other Expences of executing this Act, and shall be liab le to Sale and Application by the said Commissioners, in the same Manner as the said Tolls: And if at any Time the Fumj ^e. imd $um of Five thousand Pounds, to be inverted in Manner aforesaid, shall, by Repairs of the said redureiro ioojI;. Bridge, or Execution of the other Trusts of this Act, be reduced to the Sum of One thousand Pounds; the Tolls to be then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby revived, authorised to revive the aforesaid Tolls, till such Time as the same shall enable the said Commissioners to have a Sum of Five thousand Pounds placed out at Interest, and inverted in Manner aforesaid, for the future Purports of this A cl*

XXIV. And be it further emcled. That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may appoint a Clerk and Treasurer, and One or more Collectors of Tolls, and such other Of-

ficers, and take such Security from them, and also employ such Artificers, Labourers, and other Per- c.erk, iecT Cons, in the Execution of this Act, as they the said Commissioners shall think necessary; and shall at their Pleasure remove any Officer, and appoint others in the Room of such as* shall die, or be removed; and shall, out of the Monies a/ifing by this Ac>, pay such Salaries and Allowances as they shall think pi oner to their Officers and oJl others employed in the Execution thereof.

XXV. And be it lurcher enidled, That the Person or Persons who shall for the Time being be Collector or Collectors of the Tolls to the said Commissioners, shall, monthly or oftner, according to the Direction of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, pay the Monies received for Tolls' unto the Treasurer of the said Commissioners, or to such other Person or Persons, as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint; and the Treasurer to the said Commissioners shall pay and apply the Monies received from the said Collector or Collectors, or any other Persons, for the Purports of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall, from Time to Time, appoint; and also shall enter in a Book or Books, to be provided for that Purpose, an Account of all Monies received by him under this Act, and of all Payments and DU burfements out of the same, expreihng the Times of receiving and paying such Monies, tire Names of the Pcs ions from whom the same were received, or to whom the same were disbursed, and for what Purposes; and Four Times at leaf! in every Year, namely, at Michaelmas, Chrijhnas, Lady-day, and AJ*dfnmmL'*\ or oftner, if the said Commissioners, or any Five or mire of them, shall requirg, the Accounts of the said Collector or Collectors and Treasurers shall be fairly drawn our, state i an! ltgned

by them respectivJy, and be delivered to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, or luc other Person or Accm^t-a U Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint; and such Accounts hjill be delivered by the said Commissioners into each House of Parliament Once in every Year, within One Mouth after the to ‘ a U1‘* Ooenin of each Session. '

XXVI. And be it further enacted, Thu if the said Collector or C dleclors, or Treasure% or an v* C-Te^ors re-other Officer of the said Conmidi mers, shall refuse or neglect to ren ier an Acciunr, in Writing o;>* tu;i*n .» the Momes received and paid by them, and of the other Things committed to their C large, wh.*:i the c un:’ i<jT said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, or mall refuse to verify such Account ^i-.r r 1VII-

on Oath, in case the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall so require, (vvnion O.ith ( "n: tl).v E ic-any One Commissioner is hereby authorised to administer), or shall refuse or neglect to pay the M >- vi a by Pi'b=f>' nies in his or their Hands, or to deliver up all the Vouchers relative to such Account, or any B >oks ani sec filuiv o* other Things in his or their Custody, as an Officer or Officers to the said Commissioners, according to

Coil<r£tor3 to ao-

COUHt.

898 C. 84.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.' D. 1773.

tin idled before June 1, *783.

to the Direction and Appointment of the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them; in every stich Case* any Two or more more Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, of either of tiem* on Complaint made to them* by Order of the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them* shall issue a Summons* under their Hands and Seals* requiring every such Officer to appear before them* at such Time and Place as shall be appointed in such Summons* and such Summons shall be given to such Officer, or left at his usual Place of Abode; and upon such Officer's appearing* or making Default* or if he cannot be found* then such Justices shall hear and determine the Complaint in a summary Way, on the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses 5 and if it shall appear to them that any Monies received under this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer, such Justices shall* upon Nonpayment thereof* grant a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying such Monies by Distress and Sale of such Officer’s Goods and Chattels; and if his Goods and T' t want offuf- Chattels shall not be sufficient to answer the same* and the Charges of the Distress and Sale* or if such ficiem D stress, Officer shall perftft in refusing to give his Account* in Writing* or to deliver up any such Vouchers* t^camnutied. ^00^8» or ol^er Things in his Custody* as an Officer to the said Commissioners, then the said Justices conMnl shall commit such Officer to the common Gaol of the County of Middlesex or Surrey\ there to remain wit out Bail or Mainprize, until he shall make such Account and Payment as aforesaid, and deliver up the Vouchers* Books* and other Things in his Custody. to be be- XXV1L And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That unless the said

gun before jtme Commissioners shall begin to build the said intended Bridge on or before the First Day of June% One 1, »778. >nd thousand seven hundred and seven ty-eight* and shall proceed in the building thereof, so as to finifft and compleat the same* according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, on or before the First Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; then* and in either of the Cases aforesaid the several Powers and Authorities granted by this Act for building the said intended Bridge shall cease* determine* and be absolutely void.

Th»« Aa not to

XXVIII. Provided always* and it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority afore-prejudice the said* That nothing in this Acontained shall extend* or be construed to extend* to prejudice or take Mafor,°&c.of away any Right of Property or Jurisdiction of the Mayor, or of the Mayor* Commonalty and the City of Loa* Citizens, of the City of London^ to* in, and upon the said River of Thames aforesaid, other than an 1

4oo. except to remove any Shelves, Gravel, Sand, Mud* Ayees, or other Obstructions* or to embank,

deepen* or widen* the said River* as aforesaid* for making Roads or Landing Places, and for facilitating the Access to the said Bridge, and to do every other Matter or Thing which shall or

may be necessary to be done and etFected* for the erecting* maintaining* and supporting the uij

Bridge.

[Treble Costs.]

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act* without giving a previous Notice* in Writing, of Twenty-one Days to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Commissioners or after sufficient Satil-faction* or Tender thereof* hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved* or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fadfc committed; or if any such Action shall be laid in any other Place than the County of Middlesex* or the County of Surrey* in every of the said Cases a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant; and to every Action brought for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act* the Defendant therein may plead the General Wue* and give the Special Matter* in Evidence* at the Trial* and if on such Trial it shall appear that the Thing done was authorised by this Act* a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant; or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited* to suffer a Discontinuance* or on Demurrer, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant, every such Defendant shall have

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Writing whatsoever under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of his Ad* or signed by them, or under the Hand and Seal of* or signed by any other

free from Strop- Person or Persons* relative to the Execution of this Act shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty: And this Act shall be a Publick Act* and taken Notice of as such in all Courts* and by all Persons whatsoever.

Limitation of Actiont.

[General Issue.]

Treble Cofl».

Commissioner* Wtitmpr to b«

duty, tfuUick Ad.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England t and for other Purposes.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Laws for the general Regulation of the Turnpike Roads within that Part of Great Britain called England are in Tome Respects ineffectual, a.id require Amend nent Wherefore, for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia* *ive°r more menc alletnbled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Owrn’Mceb Trustees appointed by any Act or Acts of Parliament, for the Repair of any Turnpike Road within ini;, may order" that Part of Great Britain called England, or any Five or more of them, at some publick Meeting, if Weighing En- they shall think proper, at any or as many Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, as they have erected, or shall gin« to b« erect,

ert

A. D

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

Ci 84* 899

1773.

cted, for the receiving of any Toll or Tolls, or upon any Part of the Road within their respective Jurisdictions, and at such a Distance from any Turnpike-bar or Toll-gate as they respectively shall think requisite and expedient, to order or cause to be built or erected, a Crane, Machine, or Engine, proper for the weighing of Carts, Waggons, or Carriages, conveying of any Goods or Merchandise whatever; and, by Writing, signed by them, or any five or more of them, to order all and every or f*use

any such Carriage or Carriages, which shall pass loaded through any such Gate or Bar, to be weighed, wJ^hfdatTura».

together with the Loading thereof 5 and for them, or any Five or more of them, or for any Person or pikes or Toll-Persons impowered by any Five or more of them, to receive and take, over and above the Tolls already gates; granted, or hereafter to be granted, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Hundred Weight of One t»kingaos. ad-hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred, which every Waggon or Cart hereafter described, toge- ^tlon*1 To^for ther with the Loading thereof, shall weigh, over and above the Weights hereafter allowed io each ow7theWcigktt of them respectively; (that is to say) To every Waggon or Four-wheel Carriage, having the Fellies or allowed. Rollers of the Wheels of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, Eight Tons in Summer, and Seven in Winter *, to every Waggon or Wain, having the Axletrees thereof of such different Lengths that the

Distance from Wheel to Wheel of the nearer Pair of the said Wheels be not more than Four Feet Two Inches, to be measured at the Ground, and that the Distance from Wheel to Wheel of the other Pair thereof be such, that the Fore and Hind Wheels of such Waggons and Wains shall roll only One-single Surface or Path of Sixteen Inches wide at the least, on each Side of the said Waggons’or Wains, and having the Fellies thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches from Side to Side.at the Bottom or Sole thereof. Six Tons Ten Hundred in Summer, and Six Tons in Winter; to every Waggon or Four-wheeled Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches, Six Tons in Summer, and Five Tons Ten Hundred in Winter; to every Cart, having the Fellies of the same Dimensions, Three Tons in Summer, and Two Tons Fifteen Hundred in Win~ ter; to every Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, Four Tons Five Hundred in Summer, and Three Tons Fifteen Hundred in Winter; and to every such Waggon so constructed as to roll and actually rolling a Surface of Eleven Inches, by the Wnecls thereof. Five Tons Ten Hundred in Summer, and Five Tons in Winter; to every Cart having Fellies of the Wheels of the same Dimensions, Two Tons Twelve Hundred in Summer, and Two-Tons Seven hundred in Winter; to every Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, Three Tons Ten Hundred in Summer, and Three Tons in Winter; and to every Cart, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the same Dimensions, One Ton Ten Hundred in Summer, and One Ton Seven Hundred in Winter; and that for the several Purposes aforesaid, it shall be deemed Summer from the First Day of May to the Thirty-first Day of Octobery both Days inclusive, and Winter from the First Day of November to the Thirtieth Day of Aprils both Days inclusive: Which said additional Toll or Duty, hereby granted and made payable, shall and Additional Toiv may be levied and recovered upon any Person liable thereto, in any of the Cases aforesaid, or his or her to be recovered Goods or Chattels, who shall, after Demand made thereof, refuse or neglect to pay the same, in such w oth.r Toll* j. Manner as any other Toll or Duty, payable at the same Turnpike-gate or Bar, is or shall be by Law to be levied and recovered; and the Money arising from such additional Duty shall be applied to the aPP1Ied in Repair of the Turnpike Road where the same shall be collected. r'Ii* of the

II. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper of every such Toll-gate or Bar, where any such Duty of Toll-Weighing Engine shall be erected, or any other Person appointed, or to be appointed by the said ptcfccpcia, Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to the Care of such Weighing Engine, shall, and is hereby required to weigh all fuclr Waggons and Carts liable to be weighed by virtue of this Act, which shall pass loaded through such Gates or Bars respectively, and which he shall have reason to believe carry greater Weights than are allowed to pass without paying the said additional Toll: And if any Gater Forfeiture* for keeper, or Person so appointed, shall permit any such Waggon or Cart to pass through any such Toll- every offence nc gate with greater Weights than are hereby allowed, without weighing the same, and receiving such additional Tolls, as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

III. And, in order to detect the said Collector or Receiver in any fraudulent Connivance or Neglect Trustees, ftc.

of Duty in the Matters aforesaid, be it fu: ther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any c.ufeCar*

Trustee, Creditor, Clerk, Treasurer, or Surveyor, of such Turnpike Road, if he shall susped any such Connivance or Neglect, as aforesaid, to cause any Carriage, liable to be weighed by virtue of this Act', to detect Cooooi. which shall hav.* passed through any Toll-gare where inch Weighing Engine shall be erected, and vance of CoU shall not have passed above Three hundred Yards beyond such Toll-gate, to return to such WeighingleSor*.. Engine, and be there weighed with the Loading which passed through such Gate, in the Presence of such Trustee, Creditor, Cl^fk, Treasurer, or Surveyor, upon requiring the Driver thereof

to drive such Carriage back to such Weighing Engine, and upon paying or tendering to him the Sum of One Shilling foi so doing \ which Sum of One Shilling shall be returned to the Person paying, the same, if upon weighing such Carriage and Loading, the same shall be found above the Weight hereby allowed.

IV. And, for the better enforcing the Authority of this Act, the Surveyors shall, and are hereby 3unwyont«r* authorised and required to make convenient Places foi turning such Carriages upon every such Turn- for'nlrn-pike Road, where such Weighing Engine Hull be erected, witnir. Tiuee hundred Yards of such Ttfll- j0g Carries, gate, on c-eh Side thereof, if the Ground will admit of the same; and there shall be a Li it of the where Wcghinf: Names of all the Trustees and Creditors* and also of the Clerk. Treasurer. and Surveyor, of such Eug oe* may be.

Turn-*"*

900

Driveis refusing to turn, shall for ft it 40 s.

Former Atts for rcpj: ing Turn

they thhilc pro per.

C. 84. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 177^.

Turnpike Road, put up in the House or Building where such Weighing Engine shall be placed, to be impeded by the Owner or Driver of every such Carriage; and if the Driver of any such Carriage, being so requested to return with his Carnage to such Weighing Engine, shall neglect or refuse so to do, he ill;: 11 forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings; and it shall and may be lawful for any Peace Officer, or other Person or Persons, being then present, upon such Neglect or Refusal, to drive and take such Carriage back to such Weighing Engine, in order to be weighed as aforesaid.

V. And, in order to compensate for the Expences of erecting such Weighing Engine, and to prevent any Prejudice to the Creditors who have lent, or shall lend their Money upon the Security of the pike Road5, fur- Tolls, be it further enacted, That all and every Act and Acts of Parliament, made for repairing and i^1E^Yncs^are, amending Turnpike Roads, the Trustees whereof shall within Twelve Calendar Months after the Comer hi5tuftu- n*cncement of this Act have caused to be erected and used thereupon such Weighing Engine, pursuant

aaceof this Act. to the Direction and true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall he continued, and be in full Force, for Five Years, to be computed from the several Ends and Expirations of all and every such Act and Acts respectively, and subject to all the Tolls and Duties, Penalties, Forfeitures, Remedies, Powers, Authorities, Clauses, Rules, Directions, Payments, and Provisions, respectively made, and enacted by any of the said Act or Acts of Parliament, now or heretofore made, for repairing and amending Turnpike Roads.

"Not to extend to

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Regulations of Weight herein-before Wagons, Cart*, mentioned shall not extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to any Waggons, Carts, or other Huiba^dry^ " Carriages, employed only in Husbandry, or carrying only Manure for Land, Hay, Straw, Fodder or Corn unthreshed; and that where Lime or other Manure is or shall, by any particular Turnpike Ad, be permitted to pass through any Turnpike-gate Toll-free, or upon paying less Toll than is required to be paid for other Goods, it shall be liable to be weighed at all Weighing Engines upon such Turnpike Road, together with the Carriages in which such Lime or Manure shall be conveyed, and Until pay such additional Toll for Overweight as herein-before directed.

Justices upon

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justice< of the Complaintm^e, Peace, within the Limits of every County, Riding, Division, Hundred, or Prccind, at any General m^v order Weigh- Quarter St flions of the Peace, upon Complaint made to them by any Justice of the Peace, or by any ingEnpines tooc '] wo reditors, or any Two Trustees of any Turnpike Road, within the said Limits of which they when are Creditors, or Trustees, that such Turnpike Road is much damaged by excessive Weights being carried thereupon, and that no Weighing Engine hath been eroded, or ordered by the Trillions of such Turnpike P^oad to be erecRd, upon the same, to summon the k lerk, Surveyor, and Treasurer, of such Turnpike Road to appear before the said Justices, at their then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to shew Cache why a Weighing Engine or Engines should not be eiedted at or near such Gate or Gates, upon such Turnpike Roads as shall be described in such Summons; and if at such subsequent Sessions the said Clerk, Surveyor, and Treasurer, feme or One of them, shall not appear before the Justices at such Sessions, or appearing, shall not shew sufficient Cause to the said Justices against the erecting of such Weighing Engine or Engines, it shall and may be lawful for the said justices, if they think fit, at such Quarter Sessions, to order One or more Weighing Engine or Engines to be erected upon such Turnpike Road, at such Place or Places as they shall think proper; a Copy of which Order shall be forthwith delivered to the Clerk of such Turnpike Road; and the Trustees thereof are hereby directed and required, at their next Meeting, to be held after their Clerk shall have been served with such Copy of the Order as aforesaid, to contract, or cause a Contract to be made with some proper Person or Persons, for the making and eroding such Weighing Engine or Engines with all convenient Speed; and the Treasurer of such Turnpike Road is hereby authorised Mid required to pay the Expences attending the making and erecting of such Weighing Engine or or Engines out of the Money which shall then be or next come into iiis ILmds from the Tolls aiihr.g upon such Turnpike Road.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when Two or more Turnpike Roads meet at or near the same Place, it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of such Turnpike Roads respectively, at a Meeting to beheld for that Purpose, to fix upon some convenient Place to cred a Weighing Engine upon, which will accommodate all such Turnpike Roads; anl, by Agreement among!) themselves at such Meeting, to proportion the Expences which may attend the making, creeli <g, maintaining, and keeping such Weighing Engine, and likewise the Money arising from Forfeitures to be incurred for Overweight at such Weighing Engine, among!) all such Turnpike Roads, in such Manner as to them shall appearjuft and reasonable.

*l>ruftfcs n-7* to m.»Ic 'Con p-'f;-t on fer To:<i, tmlcli 'a.^ons,

Arc. hr-ve the I rlilCb Ot"

Wheels of Six Jr.ih( r. 0.0'd.

LlcAi.m 6cc, ds any Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, from any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, (except such Car-beiorc cMnin^tv ru:a s as are herein-before excepted), ;.t, or before the same shall come to any Turnpike-gate or anyC^tt or Weighing Engine, eroded by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other Act, made for the Repair or Preservation of any Turnpike Road; or shall load or lay upon such Carriage, (except as aforesaid), alter the same shall have passed any such Turnpike or Weighing Engine, any Goods, Wares, or 1 Mer-

WEcrp Two or

Rv*aiJ.S meet, 1: ufees n v t rOne *\Vcic, hirg Ei.g-nc to accommodate th.*m

..o 1 w niv.111 iiivtii 1 j uu «iliu I lUlUilaUiC.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Trustees of nnv Turnpike Road, their Left’se or Let lees, to make Compofnion for Tolls, for or in respect of any Waggon, Wain, Ca t, or Carriage, or Ho.fes, or Beasts of Draught, drawing the same, unless such Waggons,- Wains, Carrs, and Carriages, have the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, or more, any Law to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall unload, or cause to be unloaden,

WrglKnjj Eo-

£ nc.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 84. 901

Merchandises, taken or unloaden from any Horse§ Cart, or other Carriages, belonging to, or hired, or borrowed by the same Waggoner or Carrier, in order to avoid the Payment of the said respective Duties of Twenty Shillings per Hundred; or if any Person shall so unload, in order to carry consider-able Quantities of Goods through any Turnpike-gate, # in One and the same Day, and thereby pay less Toll at such Turnpike-gate than would have been paid if such Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, had not been so unloaden; each and every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Limit where the Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; to be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of the Owner of such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage; and each and every Driver, not being the Owner of such Waggon or Carriage, so offending, and being thereof convicted, as aforesaid, shall be committed to the, t

House of Correction for the Space of One Month.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner of any Waggon, Cart, 6r Carriage, or other Owners or Dff-Person, being the Driver thereof, travelling on any Turnpike Road where any Toll-gate or Weighing

Engine is or shall be erected, shall drive or turn out of the same into any other Road, in order to avoid fngour of the being weighed, or to avoid the paying of Toll, and shall afterwards proceed with such Carriage into Road, jto avoid and on the same Turnpike Road, every such Owner, or other Person, convicted of such Offence before being weighed. One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Limit where such Offence shall be committed, fojteit not upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit, if he be the Owner, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings; and if he be the Driver and not the Owner, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, upon Conviction, for every such Offence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Carriage, liable to be weighed by Virtue of this Act, shall th^o^uVnoii pass along any Turnpike Road, being above Twenty Miles from the Cities of London or Westminster, of*he°Whetl»of unless the same shall be made and constructed in such Manner, that no Pair of such Wheels shall be c*rr»se»*ra-wider than Four Feet Six Inches f/om Inside to Inside, to be measured on the Ground, (except Wheels veiling on Road# having the Soles of the Fellies thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches, which shall be so constructed as ibove^®^ilc* to roll a Surface of Sixteen Inches; and that the wider Pair of such Wheels shall not be more than Five Feet, Eight Inches from Inside to Inside, to be measured on the Ground), and that the Distance from the Centre of the Fore Wheel to the Centre of the Hind Wheel of any Waggon or Four-wheeled Carriage, not being used for the Carriage of Timber only, be* not above Nine Feet, to be measured from the Centre of the Axletrees at the Ends thereof, on Pain of the Owner or Owners of every such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, forfeiting the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Surveyors, &c. Offence: And the Surveyor or Surveyors, Gate-keeper or Gate-keepers, of any Turnpike Road, is to measureCar* and are hereby authorised and required, at any Turnpike or Toll-gate, or at any other Place upon riages j the Turnpike Road, to measure every such Waggon, Wain, or Cart; and if any Master or Driver or they shall not of any Waggon, Wain, or Cart, shall hinder, or refuse to permit such Surveyor or Surveyors, Gate- ^permitted to keeper or Gate-keepers, to measure such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, as aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit pai‘ the Sum of Five Pounds; and it shall not be lawful for any such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, not permitted to be measured as aforesaid, to pass along any Turnpike Road.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, or other Four-wheeled Carriage, having the No nine-inch Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, shall pass or be four-wheeled drawn on ary Turnpike Road with more than Eight Horses; nor any Cart, or other Two-whecled with Carriage, having Wheels of the Breadth aforesaid, shall pass or be drawn upon any Turnpike Road with mo^than Eight more than Five Horses; and that the Hoifes in such respective Carriages shall draw in Pairs; (except an odd Horses; nor Horse in any Team, and except where the Number of Horses shall not exceed Four); and also chat no Two wheeled Waggon, Wain, or other Four-wheeled Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels Carriages, fame of the Breadth of Six Inches, shall nafs or be drawn on any Turnpike Road with more thin Six ^thanVive-Horses; and that no Cart, or other Two-wheeled Carriage, having Wheels of the Breadth last men- and in Pairs. tioned, shall be drawn on any Turnpike Road with more than Four Horses; and also, that no Wag- Six-inch four, gon, Wain, or other Four-wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than wheeled Car-Six Inches, shall pass or be drawn on any Turnpike Road with more than Four Horses; and that no not Cart, or other Two-wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six In- t^n siTworfcsf ches, shall pass or be drawn on any Turnpike Road with more than Three Hoifes; and the Owner nor Two-wheel*-©f every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, shall forfeit the Sum of F ive Pounds; and the Driver edCarr ages with thereof, not being the Owner, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for every Offence against the Provisions more thanFou» aforesaid, to any Person or Persons who ftialJ sue for the same. Owner*V

Waggons, &c. for every Horse above that Number, forfeits 5 1. and the Driver 20 c9

Carriages upon Rollers with flat Surfaces may be diawn v/irh any Number of Honrs.

Prosecutions not tobccommence-ed, unless Inform mation be laid within Three

XIV. Provided always, That all Carriages moving upon Rollers of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches on each Side thereof with flat Surfaces, are hereby allowed to be drawn with any Number of Horses, w other Cattle.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Prosecution shall be commenced before a Justice «of Peace, by way of Information, for any Forfeiture incurred by the Owner or Driver of any Carriage having arreater Number of Horses therein than allowed by this Act, unless such Information belaid within Three Days after the Offence committed; and that no Action shall be commenced for any

9©2 C. 84.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Days after the Offence is committed*

such Offence, unless the same be commenced within One Calendar Month after the Offence committed 5 and that neither such Information or Action shall be laid or commenced* unless Notice (halt be given by the Informer to the Driver.of every such Carriage* on the Day upon which the Offence shall be committed, of an Intention to complain of such Offence; and if it shall appear to the Justice before whom such Complaint shall be made, that the Offender lives so remote as to make it inconvenient to summon him to appear before such Justice, the Justice may difmiis the Complaint, and leave Waggons, &c. Informer to his Remedy by Action at Law.

may be drawnby

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Waggon, Wain, any Number of Cart, or Carriage, to be drawn with any Number of Horses upon any Turnpike Road where a Weigh-Horses, when an Engine shall be erected, provided such Carriage shall be weighed at such Engine: And in order cd^and rtieCar- l^c Owner or Driver of every such Carriage may be furnished with proper Evidence of the Facts riageweighed. ~ above mentioned, if any Prosecution should be commenced ag.iinft him or them for using a greater Number of Horses than are allowed by this Act, the Person who shall have the Care of such Weighing Engine shall, and is hereby required, on Demand made by the Driver of any such Carriage, to give to such Driver a Ticket, certifying that such Carriage was weighed, and the Weight thereof, with the Loading.

kin^ ofr°Ho*fcs

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (Jiall take off, or cause to be or altering the taken off, any Horse or Horses, or other Beast of Draught, from any Waggon, or oth^r Carriage, or B ft^.ce of the shall alter, or cause the the Distance of the Wheels thereof to be altered, at or before th-e fame shall Wheels before come to any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, with Intent to avoid any Toll, Forfeiture, or Penalty, coming :oaCaae« drawing with a greater Number of Horses or Bc'acts of Draught, or ir> any other Manner than hereby allowed, each and every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof before One or more

justice or Justices of the Peace for the Limit where the Offence shall be committed, upon the )ath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall appear to tire Trustees of any Turnpike Road, or any Seven of them, at any of their publick Meetings, by the Oath of One or mo e Witness or Witnesses experienced in Levelling, that any Part of the Rife of any Hill upon such i urnpike Road shall be moie than Four.Inches in a Yard \ in such Cife it shall and may be lawful w*h ‘ ° 1b Six! to Jlu* for T^e Tfuilees, or any Seven of them, to allow such Number of Horses as they shall acts >*» judge neceslhry, not exceeding Ten for Waggons with Nine Inch Wheels, nor Six for Carts with Nine Inch Wheels; and not exceeding Seven for Waggons with Six Inch WheJs, nor Five for Cart# with Six Inch Wheels; and not exceeding Five for Waggons with Wheels of Ids Breadth than Six iw Inches* nor Four for Carts with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches: And in case it frail appear of to the said Trustees, in Manner aforesaid, that the whole Rife of any Hill taken together shall be more than Four Inches in a Yard upon an Averge, it shall and imy he lawful for the fiuJ Trustees, or any xii 1? rmn more Seven of them, to allow such Number of Horses as they shall think fit to be used in such Waggons In?hT»°ln an^ Carts respectively, for the Purpose only of drawing the same up such Hill or Hills, as afoicLiJ* a Ymd, to be the Length and Extent of such Hill or Hills to be specified in such Order or Allowance, and the Tcr-fpmfied in the mination at each End thereof to be marked determined by a Post or Stone, to be created at such respective Boun-Order of Allow- darics: and the said Order of Allowance shall be certified by the said Trustees, or their Clerk, to the

next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, of the Limit within which such Hill or Hills shall re-

foectively be situated: And if the Fads, upon whion the same is foundei, shall, at the said bQuarter sessionsb, be proved upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to the Satisfadiorr of the Justices of the Bench', or the major Part of them, the said Order of Allowance shall be confirmed and filed among the Records of the Sessions by the Clerk of the Peace, or otherwise shall be vacated and quashed: And from and after such Confirmation and Filing, no Person shall be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for using such Number of Horses as shall be so allowed in drawing any

Waggon or Cart up such Hill or Hills respectively; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Ju-

ftices, at any subsequent Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to re-consider the said Order of Allowance, and to d scharee the same, if they think fit.

Sxtttffoit vrith

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear, upon the Oaths of credible* vefped to Car- Witnesses, to the Satisfaction of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or of any Court of Justice, auth°nftd to enforce the Execution of this Act, that any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, could not, by " In*ryDNarober" reason of deep Snow or Ice, be drawn with the respective Weights, and by the Number of Horsey or Beads of D'aught hereby respectiwly allowed; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Ju.hcc or Justices of Peace, or Court respectively, and they are hereby respectively required to stop ail Proceedings before them respectively, for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture which may have been incurred by drawing with a greater Number or Horses or Beasts of Draught, than are hereby allowed \ any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And whereas great* Damage *rs done to Turnpike Roads by \Vaggons, and other Carriages* Waggons doc to narrow AAfhecls, drawn by Horses in Pairs; for Remedy thereof, be it enacted, That it Wall Vcdr»wnby not he lawful for any Waggon, Wain, or Cart, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the HotiesinPairs. Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Nine Inches* to pass upon any Turnpike Road, or through any Turnpike Gate or Bar, if the same shall be drawn by Ho;fei in Pairs, (other than and except such Waggons, Wains, or Carts, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six inches, as shall be authorised to be drawn in any other Manner by Order of the Trustees of an*

z Turnpike

Trusteef may al<

low v» J !?on» vrrh B ort.i Whilst* be dra v j u lilb

The\ may al'< fa h Nu..b. Hors<r<i is ‘hey think ht, up Hi.l? riling more 1

of Horses through dee^ Soow ot ice.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 84. 903

Turnpike Road within their District, made at a publick Meetings confiding of Seven Trustees, or more; which Order it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to revoke at any subsequent Meet-

ing, and afterwards to make a new One, if they shall think fit, for the same Purpose, and fixed in Writing upon every Toll-gate within such District, and except Carriages drawn by Two Iiorfes only.)

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall, upon any Turnpike Road Penalty 00. drive, or ad as the Driver or Drivers of any Waggon, Cart, Wain, or Carriage, not bTng marked carriages con*1-5 according to the Direct ions of this Act; or drawn by more than the Number of Horses, or Beast> oftrary to the Di-Draught, hereby respectively authorised; that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be law- »caions of this ful to and for any Constable, Tythingman, Surveyor, or any other Person, to apprehend and take, Act. or cause to be apprehended and taken, such Person or Persons, so driving, or acting as Driver or Dri~ vers, as aforesaid, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Limit where the said ‘

Offence shall be committed, and, upon Conviction thereof, either by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before such Justice or Justices of the M

Peace, every such Person, or Persons so offending, shall respectively forfeit and pay for every such Of> not exceeding fence, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Pen Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice 51* or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XXII. And whereas in and by several Acts of Parliament, made for amending and repairing par-Where extra-ticular Turnpike Roads, several high and extraordinary Tolls are granted, and directed to be levied ordinary Toll# and paid for Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, drawn by more than a certain Number of Horses, h?ve gr*nt" or Beasts of Draught, therein respectively mentioned, with an Intent, in Effect,} to prohibit the Paf- may'mitigate* sage of such Carriages, and thereby the better to preserve the said Roads; now it is hereby further them, »n resprft* enacted, That it shall, and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, of Four-wheeled in or by virtue of any Act of Parliament made for repairing and amending such particular Roads, Waggonsj&c. as aforesaid, or any Five or more of such Trustees respectively, within their respective Districts, and they are are hereby authorised and required, at the First Meeting after the Commencement of this Act, to mitigate, lessen, and reduce the said high and extraordinary Tolls and Duties, for and in resped of such Waggons, or other wheeled Carriages only, having the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, as aforesaid, in such Manner as no greater Toll or Duty, in respect to Waggons, be demanded or taken for the same than is provided and directed by the said Acts respectively to be paid and taken for Waggons, and other Four-wheeled Carriages, drawn by Four Horses, or Beasts of Draught; and that no greater Toll or Duty be demanded or taken for Carts, having the Feiiies of their Wheels of the Breadrh or Gauge of Six Inches, than is provided and directed by such Acts respectively to be taken for Carts drawn by Three Horses.^ and the said Trustees, within their respective Districts, or any Five or more of them respectively, are hereby authorised and required to give Di-:

redions in Writing, to the several Collectors within such their respective Districts, to take and receive such Tolls and Duties, and no other; any Law or Statute to tire Contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees appointed by virtue or under the Authority OneHalfmore of any Act of Parliament, made ft)r repair ing or amending Turnpike R acts, or such Person or Per- than the Tolls fens as are authorised by tlum, shall and may, and are hereby required, to demand and take, for every are to betake* Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or ^j^Wa Gauge than Six Inches from Side to Side at the least, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and for the Horses, g0ns>&c> *" or Beasts of Draught, drawing the same. One Half more than the Tolls or Duties which are or shall B

be payable for the same respectively; and for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, having the snd after 29 Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches from Side to Side, at the least, at the bottom or Sole thereof, and for the Horses, or Beasts of Draught, drawing the same, from and Tolls.* after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, Double the

Tolls or Duties which are or shall be payable for the same respectively, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made for amending or repairing Turnpike Roads, before any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage respectively, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, where Tolls shall be payable by virtue of any such Acts.

XXIV. And whereas there are in several Acts of Parliament, for making, amending, and repairing

Turnpike Roads, Exemptions allowed from Payment of Tolls in particular Cases therein respectively mentioned, and Liberties are allowed in particular Cases to pay less Tolls than are charged upon other Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages, passing through Turnpike Gates or Bars: And whereas it will *' -

tend to the Advantage and Preservation of Turnpike Roads to confine such Exemptions, Liberties, Privileges, and Advantages, to Carriages with Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, or upwards; be it therefore enacted, That no Person shall, by virtue of the said Acts of Parliament, have. No Exemption claim, or take the Benefit or Advantage of any Exemption from Toll, or Part of Tolls, or to pay less fr°®Toli Toll for or in respect of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or Horse drawing the same, by°

and carrying any particular Kind of Goods, than other Carriages of the like Nature, carrying other any Person, un-Goods, ought to pay, unless such Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriages, have the Sole of the less where Car-Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, or upwards, riaBe* with Six (other than and except Carts and Carriages, employed in carrying Corn, or Grain in the Straw, Hay, Inc^ F<dUc*art Straw, Fodder, Dung, Lime for the Improvement of Land, or other Manure, or any Implements of uc Husbandry only); but that the Toll required by the said Acts respectively, together with the additional

Tolls hereby required to be taken for or in respect of every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than,

904

Carti, fte. employed in Huf-kandrjr excepted

No Benefit to be taken of Exemptions, uoleft the Fellies lie fiat. Wapgona, &c. moving on Rollers, of the Breadth of 16^ Itches on each Side with flat Surfaces, to pafa Toll-fiee for One Year and then-after paying One Half of the Toll.

Carriages to which the AA does not extend.

Penalty on Persons fraudulently taking the Benefit of any Exemption, is not to exceed $1« T t u flees may reduce the Tolls, at Xny publick m Meeting,

and afterwards to advance them again )

Provided such Alterations of the Toll* be made with the Consent of the Creditors. Powers for Justices to farm out the Tolls,

under particular Directions and Reftr.ttions,

C. 84. Anno decimo tertio Georgii. III. A.D. 1773.

Six Inches as aforesaid, and for and in respect of Horses, or Beasts of Draught, drawing the same,

iexcept as before excepted) shall be paid in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if nd exemption, or less Toil, had been enacted or allowed by any of the said Acts respectively, and as fully as all other Waggons, Wains, Carte, and Carriages, and Horses drawing the same, Ought respectively to pay, which are not intitled to any Exemption from Toll, in the Whole or Part; or to pay a less Toll than other Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages; any Law or Statute to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided, That no Person or Persons be allowed to take the Benefit of any such Exemptions, or to have the Privilege herein-before given of compounding in respect of any Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, or upwards, unless the Fellies* and the Tire upon such Fellies, shall lie fiat.

XXVI. Provided also, That all Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, moving upon Rollers, of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches on each Srde thereof, with flat Surfaces, shall be permitted to pafsor be drawn upon ny Turnpike Road Toll-free, for the Term of One Year, to be computed from Michaelmas^ One thousand seven hundred and feveftty-three; and from and after the Expiration of the said Term, all such Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, as aforesaid, shall pass upon any Turnpke Road, through any Toll-gate or Bar, upon paying only so much of the Toils and Duties as shall not exceed One Half of the full Toll or Duty payable by this or any Turnpike Act, for all Waggons, Wains, or Carts, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches from Side to Side, or for the Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing the same, and not rolling a Surface of Sixteen Inches on each Side thereof; and that no more than Half Toll shall be paid in respect of Waggons having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches* and rolling a Surface of Sixteen Inches on each Side thereof, from and after the Commencement of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided always, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to any Chaise-marine, Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or Hearse, or to the Carriage of such Ammunition or Artillery as shall be for His Majesty's Service, or to any Cart or Carriage drawn by One Horse, or Two Oxen, and ho more; or to any Carriage; having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches, which shall be laden with-One Block of Stone, One Piece of Marble, One Cable Rope, One Piece of Metal, or One Piece of Timber.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take the Benefit of any Exemptions, under or by virtue of this or any other Act made for the Repair of any Turnpike Road, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, such Person or Persons shall forfeit, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, or less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XXIX. And whereas, in and by several Acts of Parliament, made and passed for amending and repairing particular Turnpike Roads, there is no Power, or no effectual Power, given to the Trustees to* lessen the Tolls, although such Turnpike Road3 may be sufficiently, or in a great Degree, amended and repaired, and all, or the greatest Part of, the Money borrowed upon the Credit of any such Acts, may have been paid and discharged; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of any Act of Parliament now in Force for repairing and amending such particular Roads as aforesaid, or any Seven or more of such Trustees respectively, and they are hereby impowered, in any of the Cases aforesaid, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose of which One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all Turnpike Gates which shall be then erected upon such respective Roads, and in some publick Newspaper circulated in that Part of the Country, from Time to Time, to lessen or reduce all or any of the Toils granted by any of the said refpfcftive Acts, for and during such Time as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper 5 and afterwards, at any Meeting, to be held as aforesaid, from Time to Time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the several Rates granted by such Acts of Parliament respectively.

XXX. Provided nevertheless, That where the whole Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, granted by any such Act, shall not have been paid and discharged, no such Tolls shall be lessened or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons intitled to Five-sixths of the Money remaining due upon such respective Tolls.

XXXI. And whereas in and by several Acts of Parliament, made for repairing particular Turnpike Roads, there art; no Powers given to the Trustees to let or farm out the Tolls arising upon such Roads, and in many Cases where the particular Acts have given such Power, they are not executed and enforced in the most beneficial Manner for such Roads; for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of any particular Turnpike Act, or any Seven or more of them, at a publick Meeting, to let to Farm the Tolls of the several Gates erected upon their respective Turnpike Roads, in the Manner herein after mentioned, although no express Power shall have been given by fi;ch Turnpike Act for that Purpose; and that whenever any Tolls shall hereafter be let to farm, by virtue of the Powers given by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, the following Directions shall be observed; (that is to say) The Trustees shall cause Notice to be given of the Time and Place

A.D. 1773 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

C 8+. 90-5

for letting the same at lead One Month before the Day to be appointed for that Purpose, by fixing the same upon every Toll-gate belonging to such Turnpike Road, and also upon the Market cross of the Market Town neared to the Place where the said Tolls are to be let, and also in some publick Newspaper circulated in that Part of the Country, and speccifying in every such Notice the Sum which the

feid Tolls produced in the preceding Year* clear of the Salary for colieding the same, in case any hired Collector was appointed, and that they will let such Tolls by Auction to the best Bidder, #n his to the belt producing sufficient Sureties for Payment of the Money, monthly or quarterly, as shall be required by Bldder* the Trustees *, and that they will be put up at the Sum which they were let for or produced in the preceding Year, lear of the Salary of the Collector; and to prevent Fraud, or any undue Preference in the letting reof, the Trustees are hereby required to provide a Glass with so much Sand in it as will run from O.ve End of it ro the other in One Minute; which Glass, at the Time of letting the said Tolls, shall be set upon a Table, and immediately after every Bidding the Glass shall be turned, and as soon as the Sand is n " 6ut, it shall be turned again, and so for Three Times, unless some other Bidding intervenes: And if no other Person shall bid, until the Sand shall have run through the Glass The lift Bidder for Three Ti-re, the Lft Bidder shall be tht Farmer or Renter of the said Tolls, and shall forthwith Farmer

>cnt ’r into a proper Agreement for the taking thereof, and paying the Money at the Times specified m 0 e 0 * o such Notice, or as shall be agreed upon between him and the Trustees; and in case no Bidder shall offer, the said Trustees may appoint a Collector of such Tolls, or fix some future Day for the letting, thereof, as they shall Judge most proper, upon giving such Notice thereof as aforesaid, and shall and may, in that Case, pat them up at such Sum as they shall think fit: And if the Person or Persons e*‘?rmcr

wno shall be the Farmer or Rnter of such Tofts shall take a greater or less Toll from any Person or ^rorTefs

Persons than wh t are authored or directed by this or the particular Turnpike Ad, he or they shall, T«]tth*n allow-for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall also forfeit the said Contract for rent- ed, he forfeit* 5U ing the Tolls, if the said Trustees shall think fit to vacate the same; and every other Gatekeeper au- ®nd also hii thorised to collect the Tolls, who shall take a greater or less Toll than as aforesaid shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings. Farmer,"he forfeits 40 s.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyors of all Turnpike Roads shall cause the Sta- All Statute-duty, tuic duty required by the respective Turnpike Acts, and the Compositions arising from the same, to be to be performed

Krformed, laid out, and expended, upon the Turnpike Road lying within the PariQ), Township, 6r in the Parish, ace, from which such Duty shall be required, and not elsewhere, and shall forfeit the Sum of Forty &f where it Shillings for every Misapplication thereof'; and that where there are Two or more Turnpike Roads if'^eTurn-under several Acts of Parliament within the same' Parish, Township, or Place; and the Statute-duty pike Road* than* directed by all such Acts to be taken or applied for the Repair of such Turnpike Roads within such twin the Parish, Township, or Place, shall exceed Three Pays Duty in the Whole; then,- and in such Case, feme Parishi audit shall and may be lawful for Two or more Justices of the Peace of the Limit where such Turnpike ^f^to them Roads shall be, and they are hereby reauired, at some Special Sessions, to adjust and proportion the Three Statute-duty betwixt such Turnpike Roads and the other Highways in such Parish, Township, or Days*

Place, in such Manner as they shall think fit, having Regard to the Extent and Condition of the said the Justke# may several Roads and Highways, and also to the Tolls and Revenues arising from such Turnpike Roads ®djuft the Pro-respectively, the said Justices previously summoning the Clerks and Surveyors of such Turnpike Roads, P00"8* and likewise the Surveyors of the Highways, for such Parish, Township, or Place, who are hereby jespectively required to attend the Justices upon such Summons.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township, or Place, Where Turnpike-shall be indicted or presented for not repairing any Highway, being Turnpike Road, and the Court in*

before whom such Indictment or Preferment shall be preferred shall impose a Fine for the Repair of court may ro-such Road, the fane shall be proportioned, together with the Costs and Charges attending the same, portion tkeFine between the Inhabitants of such Parish, Township, or Place, and the Trustees of such Turnpike and Costs be-Road, in such Manner as to the said Court, upon Consideration of the Circumstances of the Case, tween the loha-shall seem just; and it shall and may be lawful for such Court to order the Treasurer of such Turnpike J"ta^and the Road to pay the Sum so proportioned for such Turnpike Road out of the Money then in his Hands, ro or next to be received by him, in case it shall appear to such Court, from the Circumstances of such Turnpike Debts and Revenues, that the lame may be paid without endangering the Security of the without endan-Creditors who have advanced their Money upon the Credit of the Tolls to be raisea thereupon; which fce, in8 the Secu~ Order shall be binding upon such Treasurer, and he is hereby authorised and required to obey the *®f lhcCre* fame.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll-gate shall hereafter be erected No Side-gate to on the Side of any Turnpike Road, unless the same be ordered by the Trustees, at a Meeting, of be erected unlefr which Twenty-one Days publick Notice shall have been given in Writing, affixed upon all the Toll- tVp.ubllcl£ gates erected on such Roads, and also in some publick Newspaper circulated in that Part of the Not?c'engivMr Country, specifying the Place where such Side-g^te is proposed to be erected, and unless Nine Truf- and by Order tees at least (being a Majority of those pr, efent) shall sign the said Order at such Meeting; and that no signrd by the Person shall he liable to pay Toll at any Toll-gate erected, or to be erected, across or on the Side of Trustees* any Turnpike Road, or be subject to any Penalty for any Carriage, Horse, or Bead, which shall only crufs such Road, and shall not pass above One hundred Yards thereon, except over some Bridge, carriages, Hor-erected at a considerable Expence by the Trustees of such Turnpike Road; any Thing in this or any fe?, &c. pass 100 other Act of Parliament contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding, Yardaupon the

Road, or over a Bridge erected by the Trusteeei.

906 C. 84.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Surveyor to get and carry away

or hire out any Team.

If Surveyor fof-

Payaent of Mo-

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall agree to advance any Sum ncy subscribed Qr Sums of Money, to be employed in the making or repairing any Turnpike Road or Highway repaU^Turn- tended to be made Turnpike, and shall subscribe his, her, or their Name or Names to any Writing pike Roads, how for that Purpose, every such Person shall be liable to pay every Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed, to be enforced, according to the Purport of such Writing; and in Default of Payment thereof within: Twenty-one Days after the same shall become payable, according to the Purport of such Writ pig, and shall be demanded by the Person to whom the same is made payable by such Writing; or if no, Person be named therein for that Purpose by the Treasurer of such Turnpike, or intended Turnpike Road, it shall and may be lawful for every such Treasurer, or other Person, to sue for and recover the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more thap One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That on every Turnpike Road where a sufficient Quantity of Stone, Gravel, Chalk; or other Materials, dannot be provided and carried by the Labourers and Cupula* after Teams required to perform Statute-duty upon the fair.e, the Surveyor, with the Approbation of the publick Notice Trustees of such Road, shall, and is hereby uquired to control for the getting and carrying thereof, given. at some Time and Place to be fixed for that Purpose of which Ten Days Notice in Writing shall be given, by fixing the same on the Door of the Church or Chapel of such Parish, Township, or Place, or, if there be no Church or Chapel, at the raoft publick Place there, which Notice shall specify the Surveyor to have Work to be done, and the Time and Place for letting thereof: And if any Surveyor shall have any no Share in the par^ Share, or Interest, directly or indirectly, in any such Contraft, or in any other Contract or felintMaterUtr«to ®arsa*n» for Work or Materials, to be made,.done, or provided, upon, for, or on Account of, any 9 of the Highways, Roads, Bridges, or other Works, under his Care or Management; or shall, upon his own Account, dire6My or mdireftlyl let to hire any Team, or sell or dispose of any Timber, Stone, or other Materials, to be used or erripioyed in making or repairing such Roads, Bridges, or other Works, as aforesaid, uhtefs a Licence in Writing for the Sale of any such Materials, or for letting to hire any such Team, be first obtained from the said Trustees; he shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds, and be for ever after incapable of being employed as a Surveyor, under the Authority of this or any other Act of Parliament.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons,

fers Earth, Rub- having the Care of any Turnpike Road, shall knowingly suffer to be or remain, for the Space of Four bish, or Stones, Days, in any Part thereof* within Ten Feet on either Side of the Middle of such Road, any.foil or to lie Days Posts, Heap or Heiaps of Stones, Rubbish, or Earth, set up or raised in or above the Surface, of the the Cent^J of the R#a(*» by which the PaiTjge thereof shall or may be obstruifted, impeded, confined, cr straitened.

Road, he forfeits (other than and except Ports, Blocks, Stones, or Banks of Earth, fixed in the Ground, or raised, for 40 s/ securing Horse or Foot Roads, or Passages for Water, and also Direction-Posts and Scones), such

Surveyor, or other Person, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Petfoas making

XXXVIII. And whereas Inconveniencies have arisen from making Hedges or other Fences, and Incroachments from ploughing or breaking up the Soil of Lands or Grounds, near the Middle or Centre of Turnpike within 30Feet Roads; for Remedy thereof, be it further enacted, That if any Person shall incroach, by making or thVRo^r of caufin$ to any ^-dge, Ditch, or other Fence, on any Turnpike Road, within the Distance

ploughing within of Thirty Feet from the Middle or Centre thereof; or (bad plough, harrow, or break up the Soil of 15 Feet thcicof, any Land or Ground; or in ploughing or harrowing the adjacent Linds, shall turn his or their Plough forfeit401. or Harrow’in or upon any Land or Ground within the Distance of Fifteen Feet from the Middle or

Centre of any Turnpike Road made or to be made; every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every Trustees may such Offence, Forty Shillings, to such Person as shall make Information of the same: And it shall be cause the same to lawful for the Trustees who have the Care of any such Road, or any Five or more of them, to cause be removed at the such Hedge, Ditch, or Fence, to be taken down or filied up, at the Expence of the Person or Persons 0^nder°tthC to whom the same shall belong; and it shall and may be lawful for any One or mocc Justice or cq cr. Justices of the Peace of the Limit where such Off nee shall be committed, upon P^oof thereof 10 him or them made upon Oath, to levy as well the Expences of taking down such Hedges as aforesaid, as the several and respective Penalties hereby imposed, by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus to the Owner on Demand.

Persons Jestroy-

XXXIX. And whereas in some Places it hath been and may be found necessary, and the Trustees of

ing or damaging all Turnpike Roads are hereby authorised and required, to secure, or cause to be letured Horse Caule-Mile-8onc6 or ways, and Foot causeways, to travel upon, in publick Highways, by Posts*, Blocks, or great Stone*, Ports, &c. set up fixed in the Ground, or by Banks of Earth caff up, or otherwise, from being broken up and spoiled ways^Banlc0 Waggons, Wains, Carts, or Carriages; and fora (much as several evil disposed Persons do or may

nvrnuor Bridges, wilfully or wantonly pull up, cut down, and remove or damage the said Posts, Blocks, and great ice. Stones, so fixed, or to be fixed, as aforesaid, and drive Carriages upon such Banks and Causeways.

or against the Sides thereof, and also dig or cut down the said Banks, which are the Securities and Defence of the said Cause ways, whereby the Cause ways or Banks are often ruined and destroyed; and such evil-disposed Persons do or may break, damage, or thiow down the Stones, Bricks, or Wood,

forfeits net exceeding 5 I nor lets th*n 106.

fixed upon the Parapets or Battlements of Bridges, and do or may pull down, destroy, obliterate, or deface, any Mile-stone or Poll, Graduated or Direction Poll or Stone, erected or to be erected, upon any Turnpike Road: For Prevention thereof, be it enacted, That eve ry Person who shall be guiliy of any such Off'ence, shall, upon Complaint thereof made to any Justice of the Peace of the Limit where the same shall be proved to be done, by the Oath of any One credible Witness, or upon View of the Justice

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 84. 9O7

Justice himself, forfeit, for every of the said Offences, any Sum not exceeding Five Pourtds, nor left

than Ten Shillings; and in Default of Payment thereof, shall be committed to the Hbufc'of Correction,

of such Limit, there to be whipped and kept to har'd Labour, for any Time hot exceeding One t -

Calendar Month, nor less than Seven Days, at the Discretion bf fetch Justice, tinlcft the same be

iooner paid, »* 1

XL. And whereas many bad Accidents happen, and gre?t Mischiefs are frequently done upon the Any Driver not Streets and Highways, being Turnpike Roads, by the Negligence or wilful misbehaviour of Persons attend,"g driving Carriages thereon* be it therefore enacted, That if the Driver of any Carr, Car, Dray, or Waggon, shall ride upon any such Carriage, in any Street or Highway, not haying some other Pe.son ,ofy on boot, or on Horseback,’ to guide the same, (such Carriages as art conduced*by some Person holding the Reins of the Horse or Horses drawing the same excepted); or if the Driver of any Carriage whatsoever, on> any Part of any Street or Highway,' shall, by Negligence or wilful Misbehaviour, I cause any Hurt or Damage to any Person or Carriage parting or being upon such Street or Highway (

or shall quit the Highway, and go on the other Side the Hedge or Fence inclosing the same; or wil- fully be at such Distance from such Carriage, or in such a Situation, whilst it shall be passing upon such (

Highway, that he cannot have the Direction and Government of the Horses or Cattle drawing the \ fame; or shall, by Negligence or wilful Misbehaviour, prevent, hinder or interrupt the free Passage of any other Carriage, or of His Majesty's Subjects, on the said Highways; or if the Driver of any empty / or unloaded Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall refuse or neglect to turn aside and make Way for J \

any Coach, Chariot, Chaise, loaded Waggon, Cart, or other loaded Carriage; or if any Person shall j

drive, or ad as the Driver of, any such Coach, Post Chaise, or other Carriage, let for Hire, or Wag- I gon. Wain, or Cart, not having the Owner's Name,* as hereby required, painted thereon;, or shall I refuse to discover the true Christian and Surname of the Owner of such respective Carriage; every such forfeit*, if W Driver so oftenJing in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted of any such Offence, either by the Owner of his own Confection, the View of a Justice of Peace, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness the Carriage, not or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace of the Limit where such Offence shall be committed, shall, exceeding los* for every such Ostence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, in Case such Driver shall not be the Owner of such Carriage; and in case the Offender be the Owner of such Carriage, then any Sum and ifthcOwner, not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and in either of the said Cases shall, in Default of Payment, be not exceeding committed to the House of Coi redion for any Time not exceeding One Month, unless such Forfeiture *o$.

shall be sooner paid; and every such Driver offending in either of the said cases, shall and may, by and may be ap-Amhority of this Act, with or without any Warrant, bo apprehended by any Person or Persons who prehended with-shall fee such Offence committed, and shall be immediately conveyed or delivered to a Constable, or Warrant, other Peace Officer, in order to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law; and if any such Driver, in any of the C tfes aforesaid, shall refuse to discover his' Name, h shall and may be lawful for the Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be taken, or to whom any such Con plaint shall be made, to commit him to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding*

Three Months, or to proceed against him for the Penalty aforesaid, by a Description of his Person and the Offence, and exprdiing in his Proceedings, that he refused to discover his Name.

XLI. And, for the better Convenience of Travellers, where several Highways meet, be it further The Trustees are enacted, That the Trustees, appointed to execute any Act of Parliament made for the Repair of any to order Dircc-Turnpike Road, shall direct the Surveyor of every such Turnpike Road, where several Highways meet, tion-poaa or and there is no sufficient Direction-post or Stone already fixed or erected, forthwith to ered, or Stone* to be put cause to be cieded or fixed, in the most convenient Place where such Ways meet, a Stone or Post, ProPcf

with an Inscription thereon in large Letters, containing the Name of, and Distance from, the next {^on^where Market Town or Towns, or other considerable Place or Places to which the said Highways respectively Croft Roadt lead; and also at the several Approaches or Entrances to such Parts of any Highways as are subject to meet, deep or dangerous Floods, graduated Stones or Posts, denoting the depth of AVatec in the deepest Part or where there of the same, and likewise such Direction-posts or Stones as the said Trustees shall judge to be necessary, are deep or dan-for the guiding of Travellers in the best and safest Trad through the said Floods or Waters; and also serousFlooas; shall order the said Surveyor to ered Mile-stones or Posts upon such Turnpike Road, with proper In- and also scriptions and Figures thereon, denoting the Names and Distances from the principal Towns or Places stone?* on each respective Road, and from Time to Time to repair such Stones and Posts, and keep and continue legible the Iriciiptions thereon respectively; and the said Surveyor shall be reimbursed the Expences or providing, eroding, repairing and continuing the same respectively, out of the Tolls and Duties granted by such Acts respectively; and in case any Surveyor shall, by the Space of Three Months after such Direction to him or them given, neglect or refuse to cause any such Stone or Post to be fixed or repaired as aforesaid, every such Offender shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shilling?.

XLII. And, to prevent the malicious destroying of any Turnpike-gate or House, which hath been, The malicious or shall hereafter he erected, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, destroying of either by Day or Night, wilfully or maliciously pull down, pluck up, throw down, level, or otherwise Turn pike-g*tes, destroy any: 'Lumpike-gate or Turnpike-gates, or any Post or Posts, Rail or Rails, Wall or Walls, or any Chain, Bar, or other Fence or Fences, belonging to any Turnpike gate, or any other Chain, ,ng n8lnes» 1 Bar, or Fence, of any Kind whatsoever, set up or erected, or hereafter to be set up or erected, to prevent Parti ngers from passing by without paying any* Toll, laid, or directed to be paid, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made for that Purpose; or any House or Hoqfes erected, or to be erected, for the Use of any such Turnpike-gate or Turnpike Gates; or any Crane, Machine, or Engine, made or exeded^or to be made or erected, oft any Turnpike Road by Authority of Parliament, for weighing

<3o8 C. 84. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Waggons, Carts, w Carriages; or shall forcibly rescue any Person or Persons., being lawfully in i» Felony, and Custodyof auy Officer, or other Person for any of the Offences before-mentioned 5 t-hat (then, and in any the offeader^ of tfoc fajj cases, every Person so offending, bepngthereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of etranporu 5 jre|onyj and shall be transported to Oneofflis Majesty's Plantations abroad for Seven Yeats, or shall be committed to Prison for any Time not exceeding Three Years, at the Discretion of the Judge oc Court before whom such Offender shall be tried; and any Indictment for such Offences shall and may be enquired of, examined, tried, and determined, in any adjacent County within that Part of Great Britain called England, in such Manner and Form, as ff the Fads had been therein committed.

tanfsof the*

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of every Hundred, within that Part of Hund°ed ftiail Great Britain called England, within which such Offence or Offences shall be committed, by pulling make Satisfai down or deft toying any such Turnpike Gate or Gates, or any such Post or Ports, R21I or Rails, Wall t»on for the c^i- or Walls, belonging to any Turnpike Gate or Gates, or any such Chain, Bar, or Fence, or any mages done, ijn- House or Houses, set up or erected, or to be set up or erected, for the Use or Service of collecting the b\fconvi?edn^ef I all*, or any Crane, Machine, or Engine, made or erected on any Turnpike Road, by Authority of within Vi Mon At Parliament, for weighing Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, at any Place appointed by the respective after the OfftJice Trustees, or any Five or more of them, acting under any Act or Acts of Parliament, for amending any -committed. > Turnpike Road, shall make full Satisfaction for the Damages that shall be thereby suffered; and that ’ the said Damages shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, oc Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by and in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace of the County for the Time being, wherein such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without naming the Christian i or Surname of the Clerk of the Peace; and such Action shall not be abated or discontinued by the I Death or Removal of any such Clerk, but may be sued and prosecuted by his Successors; and the said Damages, so to be recovered, shall be to the only Use and Behoof of the Trustees of such Turnpike Road where the Offence shall have been committed, to be by them applied and disposed of to the several Uses and Purposes, and in such Manner, as the several Tolls, Rates, and Duties, by virtue of such Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be applied and disposed of; and all and every the Inhabitants of such Hundred shall be rateably and proportionably taxed for and toward an equal Contribution, for the Relief of such Inhabitant or Inhabitants against whom Execution for such Damages shall be rud and levied, which Tax shall be levied and raised by such Means, and in such Manner and Form, as is prescribed and mentioned for the levying and raising the Damages recovered against Inhabitants of Hundreds-in case of Robberies, by any Act or Acts of Parliament: Provided that upon Conviction of any such Offender, within Twelve Months after the Offence committed, any Hundred, or the Inhabitants thereof liable to make, and having made such Satisfaction, shall be repaid the Sums they have so paid out of the Toils of the Turnpike where such Offence was committed.

Qualification of

XLIV. And whereas great Mischiefs have arisen from mean Persons acting as Trustees in the Execu-the^art^uTar"6 tlon such Acts Parliament, made for repairing publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain called aas not fix- England, as do not direct and require that the Trustees thereby appointed shall be qualified to act as td in such by the Possession of Real or Personal Estates to a certain Value; be it therefore enacted, That no

Person shall be qualified, or capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of any such Ad as aforesaid, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Forty

Pounds; or possessed of, or imitled to, a personal Estate to the Value of Eight hundred Pounds; or shall be Heir-apparent of a Person possessed of an Estate in Land of the clear yearly Value of Eighty Pounds; and unless he hath taken, or shall, (not bei-ng such Heir-apparent as aforesaid), before he acts as such Trustee, take and subscribe the Oath following before any Tw'o or more of the Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, by or in pursuance of such Ad, who are hereby authorised and impovv* cred to administer the same in the Words, or to the Effect following; that is to say,

Oath of Trustees. j A.B. do swear, That I truly and bona fide am, in my own Bight, or in the Right of my Wife, in the

actual Pofitffion and Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or ~Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds; or possessed of, or intit lea to, a personal Estate to the Value of Eight hundred Pounds, (as the Case may be).

So help me GOD.

w"tIvhk ru!*And any ^er^on shall presume to ad contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, every such the Oath forfeit Per*?n shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall 50]. sue for the same; to be recovdred in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information* wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as above, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of Fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of any such Ad.

C?erk«, Treafu-

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, ap* rcr». &c. todc pointed, or to be appointed, by any Act or Acts made for the Repair of any Turnpike Roads, and count*/when ic* tht*r reJVe<^v.e Executors or Administrators, shall, within Ten Days after Notice in Writing to them qmud by the respectively given by the Trustees of such Roads, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting held Trusteet, or shall pursuant to such Ad, produce and deliver up to such Trustee3 all Books, Accounts, Papers, or Wrjt-

u C* o ior I jpgs

every Neglect#

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

*0. 84, -909

ings whatsoever, relative to the Execution of such respective Offices, which shall be in their Custody or Power; and every such Officer or Person. as aforesaid, neglecting or refusing to produce and deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, or Writings, after such Notice as aforesaid, shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal respectively, forfeit the bum of Twenty Pounds.

XLVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling- No Person keep-house, Ale-house, or other House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any. Wine, Cyder, Beer,

Ale, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of tak- Tftcjs> or ho» ing, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profit under the Trustees of any Act of t pi^c of pf0-Parliament made, or to be made, for erecting Turnpikes respectively, or of collecting the Tolls thereby fit; granted and made payable, during such Time as he shall keep such Victualling-house, Ale-house, or other House of publick Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Beer, Cyder, Ale, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors, by Retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, but he may (im provided he employs a Person to collect them who shall not be under any such Incapacity. the Toll*.

XLVII. And whereas the Trustees of several Turnpike Roads are not sufficicndy i rpowered to Truflfet di-punish Nuisancts in the several Roads under their Care; be it therefore further enacted, That the said rca profeiutiona Trustees of the several Roads respectively, or any Five or more of them, at a publick Meeting, may, for Nuisance*, and they are hereby impowered, if they think fit, to direct Prosecutions by Indictment against the and Par the Offender or Offenders for any Nuisance done, committed, or continued, in or upon any of the Turnpike Roads under their Care respectively, 'at the Expence of the Revenues belonging to such Turnpike Roads, ve^ c to be allowed by such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at some subsequent Meeting: Provided that nothing in this Act shall be construed to impower the Trustees to prosecute, or cause to be prosecuted, any Person for any such Offence, unless upon the Confession of the Offender, or that One or more Witness or Witnesses can be had and produced to prove the Commission of such Offence.

XLVIII. And whereas fraudulent Contrivances may be practised byr Offenders, their Friends, and Information# fe others, to evade the just Recovery of Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by Laws relating to Turnpike Penalties« or-Roads, by setting up colourable Prosecutions with Intent to favour Offenders against the said Laws, and to discourage just and real Prosecutions; for Remedy thereof, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace, before whom there shall be any feat android* Information or Proceeding for any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this or any Act or Acts of Parliament made for repairing and amending Turnpike Roads, and they are hereby required, where any Information or Conviction shall be set up or infilled upon, by way of Defence, or to defeat any Information or Proceeding, or any Forfeiture or Penalty inflicted as aforesaid, to examine into the real Merits of such Information, Proceeding, or Conviction; and if thereupon it shall appear that the same was not done, made, or prosecuted effectually, to recover and apply the Penalty or Forfeiture for the true and real Ends and Purposes for which such Penalties or Forfeitures were enacted, but to favour the Offender, such Information or Conviction shall be deemed to be fraudulent, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and every such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall proceed to determine and convict, as if no Information or Conviction had been made, prosecuted, or obtained.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That where a sufficient Number of the Trustees appointed by If afidfieieat any Act or Acts of Parliament, made fi r amending or repairing any particular Turnpike Roads, shall NumberefTraf* ot meet on the Day appointed by any such Act or Acts respectively for their First Meeting, or shall JiTtkeFit^or* not meet on the Day appointed by Adjournment for their Meeting, or for want of a proper Adjourn- adjourned ment, by which Means, or by some or One of them, the Intent of the said Act or Acts may be Meeting, the frustrated; in all or either of the said cases, it shall be lawful for so many of the said Trustees as shall CleHt meet, or the major Part of them, or in case no such Trustee shall be present, for their Clerk or Clerks, "jJ

to cause Notice in Writing to be affixed on all Turnpike-gates which shall be then erected on the said respective Roads, or if no Turnpike-gate shall be then erected, to cause the like Notice to be affixed in the most conspicuous Place in One of the principal Towns or Places nearest to which the Roads directed to be repaired do lie, and also in some publick Newspaper circulated in that Country, at least Ten Days before the intended Meeting, appointing such Trustees to meet at such Place where the preceding Meeting was apointed to have been held, or at the Place directed for the First Meeting of such Trustees, if no such preceding Meeting shall have been held; and the said Trustees, when met, in pursuance of such Notice, shall and may, and they are hereby required, to proceed and cany such Act or Acts into Execution, in the same and as ample and full a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might or could have done if no such Neglect had happened.

L. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Meeting of such Trustees shall at any No Meeting e» Time be adjourned for any longer Time than Three Calendar Months from the Day on which such be foe

Adjournment shall be made; and that no Business shall be done or proceeded upon by the Trustees, at or*th» Thwe any Meeting to be held under this or any Act or Acts of Parliament made for repairing any Turnpike No°Business to Roads, before the Hour of Ten in the borenoon; and that no Adjournment shall be made to any Hour be done before later than Two in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Meeting shall be appointed to be held; Ten, nor any and that every Act agreed upon at any Meeting shall be signed at the said Meeting by a competent A°j°urnmef? Number of Trustees, or otherwise every such Meeting, Adjournment, and Act respectively, shall be |"aed/tt^TwT toid and of none EffedL in the Afternoon.

[- if Tmfieei cause

LI. And be it enacted, That if the Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, to put any Act of Parliament made for the Repair of any Turnpike Road into Execution, shall abuse or exceed their Power, Gate* co be by erecting, or causing to be erected, or continuing, or causing to be continued, any Gate or Gates, *«cted contrary Turnpike or Turnpikes, where they have not any rower by virtue of any Act of Parliament to erect such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, it shall and may be lawful to and fojr the Justices of the |hcu QsL«t*e

9io C. 84. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Stfliom any or-Peace of the Limit where any such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, 19 or shall be erected or der them to be continued, in their Generak Quarter Sessions assembled, upon Complaint of such Abuse or Excess of femofC V Power in such Trustees, in a summary Way to hear and determine the same, and thereupon to order the Sheriff of the County, who is hereby authorised and required to execute such Order, to remove any such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes.

Mortgagees, in

LII. And be it enacted, That all and every Mortgagee and Mortgagees, that hath or have taken, or Possession of the been in Possession, or shall hereafter take or be in roffeflion of, any Toll Gate or Bar, set up or erecte<^ on any Turnpike Road, or of any Lands or Tenements, the Rents and Profits whereof are vh«i r«[uiied by appropriated to the Repairs of any Part of any Turnpike Road* shall, within Fourteen Days after he, (he, the Tniiteei, or or they, shall have received Notice, in Writing, from the Trustees of such Turnpike Roads, or any Five

Cosfcit jqL of them, render upon Oath, to be administered and taken by and before One Justice of the Peace, or

any One Trustee of such Turnpike Road, an exact Account, in Writing, to such Trustees, or to any Person appointed by them, or any Five of them, to be named in such Notice, of all Monies received

by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or by any other Person or Persons, for his, her, or their Use and

Benefit, or by his, her, or their Authority, at such Toll Gate or Bar, or otherwise, and of what he,

she, or they, have expended in keeping or repairing the same: And in case he, she, or they, shall neglect to render such Account when required, in the Manner herein directed, he, she, or they, shall severally forfeit and pay to the said Trustees, for every Refusal, Neglect, or Omission, to render such Account, the Sum of Ten Pounds; to be recovered by the said Trusteee, or any Five or more of them, or by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, in a summary Manner, before One Justice of the Peace, which, when recovered, shall be applied to the Use of the respective Road or Roads whereon such Toll Gate or Bar shall be placed.

If Mortgagee

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall keep Possession of keep* Possession any Toll Gate or Bar, by him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons, on his, her, eei^dthe Moneyor t^lc*r an^ receive the Tolls or Duties thereat, or of any such Rents or Profits, as aforesaid,

due, he shall for-a^ter such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have received the full Sum or Sums of Money due on their frit*Double the respective Mortgage or Mortgages, and the Interest thereof, with Costs, such Mortgagee or Mortga-Sum«ndTreble gees shall forfeit and pay, as a Penalty to the said Trustees, Double the Sum or Sums of Money, he, Costs. f^e, or they, shall have received over and above the Sum or Sums of Money due, as aforesaid, with

Treble Costs of Suit; to be recovered by the said Trustees, or by the Treasurer or Clerk to such Trustees, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record;

which, when recovered, shall be applied to the Use of the respective Road or Roads on which such

Toil Gate or Bar shall be placed, or such Rents appropriated.

On the Death of

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or a Gate-keeper, more Trustees of any Turnpike Road, upon the Death of any Toll-gatherer or Gate-keeper, appoint-Two Trustees e(j^ or to appointed, to collect the Tolls upon such Turnpike Road, to nominate and appoint some an7tberTnnt!ltheot^er f>er^on in his Place until the next Meeting of the Trustees of such Road, which Person, so next Meeting of he nominated and appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the the Trustees. same Manner, in all Respects, as the Person so dying had, or would have been, if living: And that

If the Gate- if any Toll-gatherer or Gate-keeper, who shall be discharged from his Office by the Trustees autho-

keeper, who is rifed for that , shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of the House, Buildings, and Appurte-discharged, iefu-nances which he enjoyed in Right of his Appointment to that Office, within Two D-iys after Notice pJiJ«rttonVof the ^fcfiarge be given to him, or left at his House; or if the Wife or Family of any such

>We,&c. the Toll-gatherer or Gate-keeper, who shall die, as aforesaid, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of justice may, by such House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, within Four Days after such new Appointment (h ill be Variant, order made, as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of him bc[K- the Peace for the Limit where such Turnpike-house shall be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, Good*.W11 to order the Constable, or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be ncceiVary, to enter

such House and Premises in the Day-time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods, out of such House, and to put the new-appointed Officer into the Possession thcroof.

Gate-keeper*

LV. And be it further enacted, That the Gate-keeper or Toll-gntherer of every such Toll Gate nd Surveyors to or Bar, and every Surveyor of any Turnpike Road, shall, when required, by Notice in Writing account upon from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, render upon Oath, to be administered by and taken before any One Justice of the Peace, or Trustee of such Turnpike Road, a true and exact Trustee^oVfox- Account, in Writing, to the said Trustees, or to any Person to be named in such Notice appointed feit 5l. by them, or any Five or more of them, of all Monies received by him, her, or them, at such l oll Gate or Bar, or otherwise, on account of such Turnpike Road, not before accounted fof, under the Penalty of Five Pounds for every such Offence or Neglect; to be recovered in a summary Manner before any One Justice of the Peace,.and applied to the Use of the respc£iive Road on which such Toll-gate shall be placed.

No Gate-keeper

LVI. And be it further enacted, That no Gate-keeper of any Turnpike Road, or Person renting to be removed as the Tolls thereof, and refiaing in any Toll-house belonging to the said Trust, llva)l be removeable from Foil-house by the Order of any Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of any Laws now in being ablest he for the Relief or Regulation of the Poor, unless he shall become actually chargeable to the Pari ih or

nfti, &c. Place in which such Toll-house is situate; and that no such Gate-keeper, or Person renting such

»or /Tull gain a arK* residing in such Toll-house, as aforesaid, shall thereby gain a Settlement in any Parish or

Sctttlement by

Place whatsoever; and that no Tolls to be taken at any Gate erected, or to be erected, by the Truf-

jenung iheToUs, I ' tCCS

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 84. 911

tees of any Turnpike Road, nor any Toll-house erected, or to be erected, for the Purpose of collect-

ing the same, nor any Person, in respect of such Toils, or Toll-house, shall be rated or assessed ^']T°U"house

towards the Payment of any Poors Rate, or any other publick or parochial Levy whatsoever.

LVII. And be it further pna&ed. That if any Toll-gatherer or Gate-keeper shall permit or suffer Gate-k«per» any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to be drawn or pass upon any Turnpike Road within rmnimn?* the View, or with the Knowledge, of such Gate-keeper or Toll-gatherer, or to pass through any omorfeorCar-Toll-gate or Bar with any greater Number of Horses, or Beasts of Draught, or with any Carriage

riage constru£led

constructed or drawn in any other Manner than is before directed, or without such Names and otherwise than Descriptions painted thereon as are hereby directed, and shall not within the Space of One Week *Nowe<i by the proceed for the Recovery of the Forfeiture or Penalty hereby inflicted for every such Offence, in the ^w^inscri °Ut Manner directed or authorised by this Act, he shall forfeit artd pay for every such Neglect, the Sum tiompaint of Forty Shillings. thereon, and not

profecating for the Came, forfeit 40 s.

LVIII. And whereas there are or may be Turnpike Roads in such a State and Condition with Justi*c*at V-re^ard to their Repairs, and the Revenues arising upon them, that the Statute-duty required to be ^an^er Part of performed upon the same, or some Part thereof, may be dispensed with, and employed more con- thesStature-daty, veniently for the Benefit of the other publick Highways within the Parish, Township, or Place, in applicable to which such Turnpike Road lies $ be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Turnpike Road*, Justices of the Peace^ at any Special Sessions, upon Application to them made by the Surveyor of the any Parish, Township, or Place, in the Situation herein-before described, to summon the Clerk and c^mtomorsof Surveyor of such Turnpike Road to appear before them, at some other Special Sessions, and then and the fcwai Road# there to produce before them a State of the Revenues and Debts belonging to such Turnpike Road, retire and ad-and for such Justices then and there to enquire into the State and Condition of the Repairs thereof, mitofit-5*nd also of such other Highways; and if it shall appear to them, upon full and clear Evidence, that the Whole, or any Part of such Statute-duty, may be conveniently dispensed with from such Turnpike Road, without endangering the Securities for the Money advanced upon the Credit of the Tolls thereof, and that such Statute-duty is wanted for the Repairs of the other Highways within such Paiiih, Township, or Place; then, and in that Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices to order the Whole, or Part, of such Statute-duty to be performed upon the Highways, not being Turnpike, within such Parish, Township, or Place, under the Direction of the Surveyor thereof, during such Time as to them shall seem just and reasonable, and the same shall be performed accordingly; any thing in this or any other Act of Parliament contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices Wales,

of the Peace, within the Principality of Wales, at their respective General Quarter Sessions of the atth*,rM,cha;1* Peace, to be held in the Week after Michaelmas, to licence an Increase of the Number of Horses to Ji^m^alioJ he employed in drawing Carriages on any Turnpike Road within their respective Jurisdictions, over an additional and above the Number herein-before limited, if upon Enquiry into the State and Condition of such Number of stor-Roads they shall find any additional Number of Horses necessary, and, from Time to Time, at any r«s when they Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, to revoke, alter, or vary the same, as they shall think fit; and thatthink fit# neither the Owner or Driver of the Horses so licensed shall incur any Forfeiture for using such increased Number of Horses, ’

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be collected or received at any Toll-gate No Toll to be for or in respect of Carriages solely employed in carrying Materials for the Repair of any Turnpike ^ifeTin Road or publick Highway, or for going to such Employment, or returning after having been so ^fyTng°Mace-employed.

riajs for Turnpike Road* or

LXI. And whereas it has been found by Experience, that small Stones being permitted to lie upon JJ'&bway*. the Land are a Benefit thereto, be it therefore enacted, That no Surveyor shall gather, or cause to be ^be^Stonet gathered, any Stones for the Use of the Highways, upon or from the common Fields or inclosed trim the com-Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, without the Consent of the Occupier of mon Fields or such Lands or Grounds, or a Licence from a Justice of Peace of the Limit where such Lands or incli-f-dLandiof Grounds lie for that Purpose, after hnving summoned such Occupier to come before him, and heard ouj h!s ^ni>nf" his Reasons, if he shall appear and give any, for refusing his Consent; any Thing contained in this oraLi^nrc^orn Act, or in any Act of Parliament, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, to the Contrary thereof ajurticcofP^ce. in anywise notwithstanding.

LXII. And whereas many Persons are liable by Tenure, Inclosure, or otherwise, to the Repair of Power for Truf-certain Highways, which having become Turnpike Roads, are more used, and occasion an Increase of tee* of Turnpike the Expence in repairing and maintaining thereof, which ought in some Degree to be laid upon such p/.Vns'lf-Turnpike Road: For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the ^je determined by'Temirs Trustees of such Turnpike Road to agree with the Person or Persons liable to repair such Highway, for to repair a.jy Part the Repair thereof, in such Manner as they shall think fit, and to contribute so much to the Repair of such Road, thereof, out of the Tolls arising upon such Turnpike Road, or out of the Statute-duty belonging to ^onccrn'n<i 1 hc e the same, as they shall think just and reasonable. f"ture Kc^,r of

LXIII. And whereas Parts of Highways or Turnpike Roads, have been, or may he, diverted and ’ .

turned by legal Authority, to make the same nearer or more commodious to the Publick; and Doubts ^j^oiIjViigh-have arilen, and may arise, whether the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township, or Place, or any Ways turned oe

ia C. 84. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 177.T;

foil particular Person or Persons, liable to repair the old Highway or Road, so deviated from by Statute-plr^Pa^o?^ ^utY’ Tenure, or otherwise, ought to repair, or contribute to the Repair of, the Whole, or some, Lw Highway and what Part or Proportion of such new Highway or Road: For obviating which Doubts, and pre-cqutl to the Bur- venting Disputes about the same, be it enacted, That the Inhabitants of every such Parish, Township, then of tfceold or Place, and Person or Persons, who was* were, or shall be, liable as aforesaid, to the Repair of ally such old Highway or Road, which hath been, or shall be, so diverted and turned, shall respectively be, and continue in the same Manner liable to the Repair of such new Highway or Road, or so much

thereof as shall be equal to the Burthen and Expence of repairing such old Highway or Road from aadif the Par-tie* which he, she, or they, shall be exonerated, by turning the same, as aforesaid; and that if the several Sah^wed*1 ^art*es interested cannot agree therein* the same shall be viewed by Two Justices of the Peace of the ndfcuieTby Limit where such Road shall be, and settled* adjusted, and determined by them, in such Manner as Two Juiucc*of they shall think just and reasonable; and from and after such Determination of the Justices, the lathe Peace. habitants of the said Parish, Township, or Place, or the Person or Persons liable to repair such new Highway or Road, as aforesaid, shall bear all Charges and Expences of Ind id merits and Prosecution9 A grofii or on- for not repairing the same: And if it shall be found more convenient to fix a grots Sum, or an annual Vepa>dUI|f Tho Sum, to be P«dd by any Inhabitants, or Person or Persons, towards the Repair of such new High-pJnc*ay#e way or Roa^, instead of fixing the Part or Proportion of such new Highway or Road, to be repaired Ihcxcto. by him, her, or them* the said Justices may* with the Consent of such Person or Persons, and also of the Inhabitants interested therein, obtained at a Vestry or publick Meeting held for that Purpose, and also of the Trustees at a publick Meeting, if it be Turnpike Road, order and direct the same accordingly; which Order shall be* and for ever after continue, binding to all Persons whomsoever.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Action shall be brought by tTihSdw0^ against any Trustee or Trustees of any Turnpike Road, Evidence of such Trustee or Trustees 0/his being ^av>ng acted as such. together with the Act of Parliament by which he or they was or were appointed* jointed a Tiof- or the Order, or a Copy of the Order, for his or their Appointment or Election, in Case he or they tee, and acting was or were appointed or defied by the Trustees, shall be fufRcient Proof of his or their being a asTuch, sufficienu Trustee or Trustees.

Ttcafurers and

LXV. And be it further enacted, That every Treasurer and Surveyor of any Turnpike Road, who Surveyor* who hath not already given proper Security to the Trustees of such Turnpike Road, duly to pay and fcav not already account for the Money which hath come, or shall come to his Hands, as T/eifurer or Surveyor, shall, Sill" iv^Bond 011 or ^>e^ore Twenty-fifth Day of December jjext, and every succeeding Treasurer and Surveyor wkh^Surecy to shall, wkhin One Month after his Appointment, give a Bond to the said Trustees, with a fufneient the Trustees, for Surety, in such Penalty as the said Trustees* at any publick Meeting shall direct, conditioned for the duly paying the duly paying and accounting for all such Money which shall be then in his Hands, or which he shall mndapplying thn afterwards receive, as Treasurer or Surveyor, according to the Directions of the several Acts of 1,1 Parliament respecting such Turnpike Road; which Bond shall be wrote upon Paper without any Stamp thereupon.

Trustee* on tht

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Thirtieth D.iy of September, One thousand seven 30th Sept, next* hundred and seventy-three, the Trustees of every Turnpike Road within that Part of Great Britain to put on every ca)|ed England, shall, and are hereby required to put up, or cause to be put up, and afterwards to be fth^Tolli^nd continued, upon every Toll-gate within their respective Districts, a Table of all the Tolls payable at also of the> every such Gate, distinguishing each Toll, and the different Sorts of Carriages fqr which they aTe to Weight* allowed be paid, where there shall be any Variation therein; and also a Table of the Weights allowed for each a»each Carriage*Carriage, with the Loading thereof in Summer and Winter; And that the said Trustees shall, and are and the Trustee* hereby required, from Time to Time, to examine and inspect, or cause to be examined and inspected* to examine, or every Weighing Engine which shall be ereefed upon their respective Turnpike Roads, in order to fee amined° thT’ the ^ame» with the Weights belonging thereto, are kept in good Condition to weigh the Carriages Weighing Eft- and Loading with Accuracy.

Sines, to lee they are kept in good Order*

Two Oxen to be

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That m all Carriages, wherein Oxen or Neat Cattle shall be ©nfidered at used. Two Oxen or neat Cattle shall be considered as One Borfe, for all the Purposes mentioned in One Horse. this Act, or any particular Turnpike Act, with respect to Tolls or other Things.

The Christian LXVJIL And for the better Discovery of Offenders against this Act, be it enacted, That the Owner and Suiaame of of every Waggon, Wain, or Cart, and also of every Coach, Post-chaise, or other Carriage, let to the Owner of hire, shall paifit, or cause to be painted, upon some conspicuous Part of his Waggon, Wain, or Cart* &cr^nd*fane* l:Pon the Pannels of the Doors of all such Coaches, Post-Chaises, or other Carriages, before the veryCoach* &c. fame shall be used upon any Turnpike Road, his or her ChFiftian and Surname, and the Place of used for Hire to be h is or her Abode, in large legible Letters, and continue the same thereupon, so long as such Waggon, pa.n-.ed upon it. Cart, Coach, Post-chaise, or other Carriage, shall be used upon any such Turnpike Road; and the »n<3Ccm/r.jr;Sr<ig* Owner of every Common Stage Wageon or Cart, employed in travelling Stages from Town to Town, 01 C:rrt shall, over and above nis or her Christian and Surname, paint, or cause to be painted, on the Part, W iw«rtod and in lbe Manne/ a^resaid, the following Words, COMMON STAGE WAGGON, (or Town. °WO ° CART, as the Case may be); and every Person using any such Carriage, as aforesaid, upon any Person* ufin Turnpike Road, without the Names and Descriptions painted thereon respectively, as aforesaid, or CarrUoMwitL who shall paint, or cause to be painted* any false or fiftitiou* Name* or Place of-Abode, on such; Waggon

D, by

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 84. 913

Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Post-Chaise, or other Carriage, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, out such Name# a Sqm not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings. ordwith fJfe00*'

Ones, forfeit not exteeding 51. nor W« than lot.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One After Michael-thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, the Tire of the Wheels of all Waggons, Wains, Carts, and mas 1776, the Carriages, to be used upon any Turnpike Road, shall be coumerfunk in placing the same upon the Tireof all Wagv Fellies, in such Manner that the Nails shall not rife above the Surface, and that the Sole or Surface *?at&and the of the Wheels shall be quite flat; and the Owner &f eveFy Carriage'offending therein shall forfeit Naijs funjtf0, the Sum of Fctrty Shillings; and every Driver not being the Owner, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, not to rife above for every Offence. the Surface.

LXX., And whereas the Powers given by fevyal Turnpike Acts are ineffectual for the Purposes of When the digging, providing, and carrying Materials, for the Use of me Turnpike Roads therein described, and Powers forpro-also for the Pai poses of enlarging, diverting, and turning such Turnpike Roads, and flopping up, enL."* felling, and dispofirrg of the old Roads so to be diverted and turned; and also for the making, opening, turning Turn-and cTe.infing of Ditches and Drains, and the cutting and pruning of Hedges and Trees; and also for pike Roads, ma-the calling forth and compelling the Performance of the Statute-duty which shall belong to such king Drains, Turnpike Roads: And wherta^nore ample Powers* under ^proper Guards and Restrictions, have Pr"njj8 Hedges been given, or may he given, for the fcycral Purposes aforesaiddT by certain Glaufes, Provisions, and Regulations, contained, or to be contained, in the Act or Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, for Statute-duty, the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways in general, (which Highways comprehend and are ioeffe£hraJ*. include Turnpike Roads); and it may be more beneficial to the Turnpike Road», and to the Publick,^ whe^tnore if the Surveyors of Turnpike Roads were authorised, within their respective Limits, to apply Part of ?°pCr8 the Tolls and Statute-puty in carrying the said Powers into Execution, for the Use and Improvement p7fe* *re gWen of such Turnpike Roads; be it therefore enacted, That the Surveyor* of every Turnpike Road, by the Highway within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall and may, with the Approbation of the Trustees Act, of every such Turnpike Road, apply any Part of the Tolls and Statute-duty arising to, from, or in the Surveyor of respect of every such Turnpike Road, in the Execution of all and every the said Powers, Clauses, Tu!"P'kcfoa<i9, ^Provisions, and Regulations, which are, or shall be contained in the said Act or Acts of Parliament, of the*0* for the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways, and shall and may execute and enforce the fjme T-uftecs, may upon and to the Benefit and Improvement of such Turnpike Roads respectively, for the several Pur- execute and poses aforesaid, as fully and amply, but upon such Terms, under such Restrictions, and in such Man* e,vforcc ther<? ner and Form, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Surveyor of any Parish, Township, or Place, can or f°xhl BP<n"fit4 may do, or apply the same, by virtue of, or under such Act or Acts of Parliament. ©7the Turnpike

Roads, upon the

Terra*, and under the Reftti&ions, in the Highway Acts '

LXXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That when any Materials shall be dug or But Satisfaction got by the Survey or of any Turnpike Road, in the several or inclosed Lands or Grounds of any dull be made by ' Person or Persons, for the Use of any Turnpike Road, by or under the Authority of this Act, or of the Trustees of the said Act or Acts, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways, Satisfaction shall be made 2*_Tu/np,[? by the Trustees of such Turnpike Road to the Owner or Occupier of such Lands or Grounds, for such Material* the Man rials so to be dug or got, and also for the Damages in carrying away the same, in such Man- af are got in fe-ner as Satisfaction is or shall be required to be made for the Damages occasioned by the digging, get- veral or inclosed ting, and carrying away the Materials in several or inclosed Lands or Grounds, by virtue of the said Act Land* or or Acts for the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways. Ground*.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Forms of Proceedings relative to the several Matters The Form* of contained in this Act, which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be Proceedingscon-used upon all Occasions, with such Additions or Variations only as may he necessary to adapt them to In thT the particular Exigencies of the Case; and that no Objection shall be made, or Advantage taken, for an Vno want of Form*in any such Proceedings, by any Person or Persons whomsoever. Objeaionor Advantage shall be taken for want of Form.

LXXIII. And, to enforce further a due Observance of this Act, be it enacted, That every Con- Constables, Sur-stable, Headborough, or Tithingman, refusing or neglecting to put this Act into Execution, or to ac- and J11 count for and deliver any Forfeiture or Penalty, according to the Directions of this Act, and every Salaric*,

Surveyor of any Turnpike Road, and every Toll-gatherer, and all other Persons employed, or to be em-refusing toexe- ployed, by Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, for the repairing Roads, as do or shall receive Sala- cute the Aa, and ries or Rewards, who shall wilfully neglect, for the Space of One Week after the Offence commited, wilfully neglect to lay such Information upon Oath before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for theofonderir£rutc Limit wherein such Offence was committed, as by this Act is directed, shall, upon due Information On«w«k ifter made upon OMh before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Limit, forfeit for every the Offence such Neglect, the Sum of Ten Pounds. committed, for-

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Conviction shall be had or made by Conviction, virtue of this Act, unless upon Confession of the Party accused, or upon the Oath of One or more on what Evi-credible Witness or Witnesses; and that any Inhabitant of any Parift), Township, or Place, in dence to be made-which any Offence shall be commi ted contrary to this Act, shall be deemed a competent Witness, notwithstanding his or her being an Inhabitant of such Parish, Town&ip, ar Place; and that any^u- ^uluuning

91+ C. 84. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

they live in the slice of the Peace may ad in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding he may be a Creditor, or Place where the a Trustee for repairing and amending the Roads on which any Offence contrary to this Act shall °"e7 be committed.

Justices may act althoagh they are Creostori or Trustees*

levied and recovered by DiC* ire l a and Sale.

Persons refilling

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall resist, or make forcible the Execution of Opposition against any Person or Persons employed in the due Execution of this Act, or any

the Act, oraf-

particular Act made for amending any particular Highway; or shall assault any Collector or Collectors laulting Col- of y0j]s in the Execution of his or their Office or Offices; or shall pass through any Turnpike

ctors. Gate or Gates, Rail or Rails, Chain or Chains, or other Fence or Fences, let up, or to be set up, by

Authority of Parliament, without paying the Toll appointed to be paid at such Gate or other Fence; or shall hinder, or attempt for prevent or obstruct any such Person or Persons in the measuring or gauging the Wheels of any Carriage, or make any Rescue of CattLe or other Goods, distrained by tnd Constablrs virtue of this Act; or if any Constable, Headborough, cr Tithingman, shall refuse or neglect to exe-damVonuih<eV Cute' *nY ^arrant grante<l by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, pursuant to the Directions of this ot^cawjforkit Act > every such Person offending therein, and being convicted thereof, in Manner aforesaid, shall, for rot fxceding every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, ny jess than Forty Shillings, at the

jol. nor id's Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before wfio/n he or me shall be 16 convicted; to be

th.*o4os. paid to the Surveyor of the Turnpike Roads where the Offence was committed, and laid out in the Repairs thereof: And in case he or she do not forthwith pay, or secure to be paid, the said Forfeiture, alter such Conviction, then it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace to commit such Person or Persons to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, of the County, Division, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Months, unless the said Forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

Penalties and

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, for Forknureitobe any Offence against the same, and all Costs and Charges to be allowed and ordered by the Authority of this Act, (the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not hereby otherwise particularly directed), shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, or Person liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of some Justice of the Peace for the Limit where such Offence, Neglect, or Default, shall happen, and such Order for Payment of such Costs or Charges shall be made, rendering the Overplus of such Distress and Sale, if any, to the Party or Parties, after deducting the Charges of making the same; which War rams such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon Conviction of the Offender, by Co icliion, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon Order made, as a fore Hid; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, Costs and Charges, when so levied, shall be paid, the One Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Surveyor of the Turnpike Road where such Offence, Neglect, or Default, shall happen, to be employed towards the Repair thereof, unless otherwise directed by this Act: And in case such Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures, or the said Costs or Charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons, liable to pay the same respectively, to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, of the Limit where the Offence shall be committed, or such Order, as aforesaid, shall be made, for any Time, not exceeding Three Months, unless the said Penalty, Forfeiture, Costs, or Charges, shall respectively be sooner paid: And if such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Per-or ordered to pay the same respectively, shall live out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices, hereby authorised to grant such Warrant, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the 'Peace of the Limit wherein such Person shall inhabit, and every such Justice is hereby required, upon Request to him for that Purpose made, and upon a true Copy of the Conviction whereby such Forfeiture or Penalty was incurred, or of the Order for the Payment of such Costs or Charges, produced and proved by a credible Witness upon Oath, by Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Penalty or Forfeiture mentioned in such Conviction, or the Costs or Charges mentioned in such Order, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons, liable, or ordered to pay the same respectively, as aforesaid; and if no sufficient Distress can be had, to commit such Offender or Offenders, for Person or Persons, liable, as aforesaid, to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, of such Limit, for the Time, and in Manner aforesaid.

LXXVII. Provided nevertheless, That no Warrant of Distress, unless otherwise directed by this Act, shall be issued for levying any Penalty or Forfeiture, Costs or Charges, until Six Days after the Offender shall have been convicted, and an Order made and feryed upon him or her for Payment thereof.

LXXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That whatever Penalty or Forfeiture shall be levied or recovered on the Information of the Surveyor of any Turnpike Road, or of any Toll-gatherer, or Evi.vnte of the other Person employed by the Trustees appointed for repairing the Roads, and receiving Salaries or $ jrvcyri or Rewards for their Services, and not otherwise directed by this Act, shall go and be applied to the c Jus tu amenihng of the said Turnpike Roads respectively, and to no other Use or Purpose whatever $ any Tmflees wVh Thing in this or any other Act to the Contrary notwithstanding, b.iiun.* ill ah be applied to the Use of the Roads*

How to be applied.

If no Distress, the Offender to be committed.

V the Offender

fuil cc, the Ju-llicts where he lives may proceed, having a Cotyof the Conviction duly proved.

No Wan ant of

I'M*refs to be

jlTa -d till Six 1 ys atier the t jnvictkn. p ( rfl ituics re-cavr rid, on the

LXXIX.

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 84. 915

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That every Prosecutor or Informer may, at his Election, sue for, and recover any Forfeiture or Penalty imposed by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament made for erecting Turn pikes, or for repairing and amending Turnpike Roads, in the Manner hereafter mentioned j that is to say; If the the same shall not amount to the Sum of Forty Shillings, it shall be recoverable only by Information before a Justice of the Peace; and if the same shall amount to Forty Shillings, or upwards, it shall and may be recovered either by Information, as aforesaid, or by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, in which it shall be sufficient to declare that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of being forfeited by

an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty^ intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament* the General Laws now in beings for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes; and the Plaintiff, if he recover in any such Action, shall have Full Costs; Provided that there shall not be more than One Recovery for the same Offence; and that Ten Days Notice in Writing be given to the Party offending previous to the Commencement of such Action; and that the same be brought and commenced within One Calendar Month after the Offence for which such Action is brought shall have been committed.

Prosecutor* may tccavCT Forfeiture* below 40s, only by Information before a Justice, bot above 40$ by Information, a* af vesaid, 01 by Action,

Tea Day* Notice to be given before Action brought, and to be commenced within One Month after Offence committed.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of £wfui, *or the~ Money, to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party making it Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Tresspasser or Tresspassers, on account of any Default or Trespasser, for want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be J*rant ?or*or deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Paity or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may h,t the Party recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action the Case. aggrieved may

recover Satisfaction for the

LXXXI. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or recover any Irre-on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committei, any such guiarity h» the Irregularity, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall £*ocfed, ns*> have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant in any such Action, by Leave of the imends°be made C;>iirt where such Action shall depend, at any Time before issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum bofore the Ac-of Money as he or they shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders, and Judgements, shall tion brought, be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions, where the Defendant is allowed Defendant may to pay Money into Court. Money into

LXXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or her- perfom aggriev-self agrieved by any Thine done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, ex- ed may appeal, cept under the particular Circumstances hereafter mentioned, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justice of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the Limit wherein the Cause of such Complaint shall arise; such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, to such Justice, by whose Act or Acts such ^on ^v,ng Sl* Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved. Notice in Writing of his or her Intention to bring t0Jyt*hc Cause of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, within Six Days after the Cause of such Complaint arofc, CompUintHull and within Four Days after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace, anse; with One sufficient Surety, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and pay such and entering in-Colls, as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and each and every Justice of the 10 Rcc°&n,*anc«" Peace, having received Notice of such Appeal, as aforesaid, shall return all Proceedings whatever had J£aj)and pay die before them respectively, touching the Matter of such Appeal, to the said Justices at their General u>ils.

Quarter Sessions aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting Five Pounds for every such Neglect; and the said Justices to whom Justices, at such Scifion, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering Notice of Appeal into such Recognizance, shall hear, and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a fi.mmary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said jeered" ga Justices shall think proper, to be levied and recovered as herein-before directed; and the Determination to the Quarter of such Quarter Sessions shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes; and no Proceeding to Sections. be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or removed by Justices atQuar-Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record atloVejfdc-*Westminster, any Law or Statute to the Contrary notwithstanding. terminVthe

Complaint!, and ward Colls. No Proceedings to be removed by Certiorari.

LXXXIII. Provided, That no such Appeal shall be made against any Conviction for any Penalty No Appeal to be or Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act, unless the Person convicted shall, at the Time of such ade ;*"ainst a Conviction, if he shall be then present, if not, within Six Days after, give, or cause to be given, ^Cthe Km"0* Notice of his or her Intention to appeal, and at the same Time enter into Recognizance, or give Se-give Notice* y curity, with sufficient Sureties, to pay such Penalty or Forfeiture, in case such Conviction shall be thereof at the affirmed upon such Appeal; and upon his or her giving such Security, the further Proceeding* Time of Corv-

for

gi6 C. *4. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

feat* if not with* for such Penalty or Forfeiture Hull be suspended until such Appeal shall be heard and deter-

in Sis Day* af- mined.

ter, and enter into Recognisance as above.

Justices ind

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That where any Oath is hereby required and directed to be made or Fowwtoadmi- ta^cn> t*lc Justices of the Peace of any Limit, or the Trustees of any Turnpike Road, (as the Case mfter Oaths. maY bc)» and according to the several Jurisdictions herein given to them respectively, as aforesaid, ~ shall, and they are hereby refjpedively impowered tojtdmmifter the same,

if A^ionbe

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall 1>e commenced against any an^Th^done ^er^on or Persons, for any Thing done or acted in purfttance of this Act then, and in every such Case, under Action or Suit shall be commenced or pTofecuted within Three Calendar Months after the Fact

it shall be committed, and not afterwards; and the same, and every such Action or Suit, shall be brought in the brought within County where the Person against whom such Action or Suit shall be commenced doth ordinarily in-3 habit or reside, or where the Fact was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defend

cownUtted^nd dants, *n every such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and in the County the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in where the De- pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or fondant residei, if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, or be brought or the Fa& waa ^ncj jajj any other County than as.aforementioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or °"* Defendants; or Jf the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their

pleaTtheC^m- Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall Jai law, and b* given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble give the Act, Colts, and have the like Remedy for Recovery thereof, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have and Special Met- in any Cases by Law.

ter, in Evidence. If Plaintiff proceeds in any other Manner, the Jury are to And for the Defendant, and he h to haw Treble Costa.

The Statute of

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-eighth Day of September, 7Gc0.HL re- One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present peaUd. Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general

Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein men-la to t*°ned, (except so much thereof as repeals the several Acts therein mentioned), shall be, and the same commence on *s hereby repealed; and that this Act shall commence and take Effect on the Twenty-ninth Day of the 29th Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

Sept. 1773-

THE

SCHEDULE

REFERRED TO,

Containing the Form of PROCEEDINGS.

N®. L

Order of Trustees for erecting a Weighing Engine.

At a Meeting of the Trustes of the Turnpike Roads, under an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third for [State the principal Part of the Title of the Act] held at the Day of 17

IN pursuance of the Powers given to us by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for regulating the Turnpike Roads, we do hereby order. That an Engine, proper for the weighing of Carriages, of the Constructions and Weights specified in the said Act, be forthwith crt3ed at or as near as conveniently may be to the Toll Gate or Bar now erected upon the said Turnpike Road at and that A» B. the (Treasurer)m

Clerk),01 Surveyor), of the said Turnpike Road do contra3 with some proper Person {or with C. D.)

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 84.

{in cajt the Trusteet shall think fit to name the Perf on), for the making and erecting such Engine, and do

1nfpedl and take care that the same is properly done: And we do order the Gate-keeper at the said Gate or Bar for the Time being to attend the said Weighing Engine, and carefully to weigh all Carriages passing, loaded upon the said Road, at the Place where such Engine shall be erected, together with the Loading thereof, and to take the several additional Tolls or Rates for Ovei*weight, and givfc Tickets of the Weight of such Carriages and Loading, when required by the Driver thereof, according to the Directions of the said Act; and also to enter in a separate Book, to be kept by him for that Purpose, an Account of every Carriage so weighed, which shall, with the Loading, exceed the Weights allowed by the said Act, and account to us for the Money received for all such Over-weight,

(To besigned by Five at Uqft of the Trustees.)

No. II.

TABLE of Weights allowed in Winter and - Summer to Carriages directed to Be weighed, including the Carriage and Loading, by the Act of the Thirteenth George the Third.

O every Waggon upon Rollers, of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches,

To every Waggon with Nine Inch Wheels, rolling a Surface of Sixteen Inches on each Side,

To every Waggon with Nine Inch Wheels,

To every Car with Nine Inch Wheels,

To every Waggon with Six Inch Wheels,

To every Waggon with Six Inch Wheels, rolling a Surface of Eleven Inches*

To every Cart with Six Inch Wheels,

To every Waggon with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches*

To every Cart with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches*

Satntoer, Wiatar.

Tom.Owt. ToniCwt*

8 — 7 *-

6 10 6 —

1 6 — 5

3 — *J

4 5 3 *5

S 1° 5 —

1 12 7

3 & 3 —

1 lOd - T

No. III.

Agreement between Trustees of different Turnpike Roads, for erecting One Weighing

Engine for the Use of such Roads.

At a Meeting of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads, under an Act staffed in the Tear

of the Reign of King George the for [State the Principal Part of the Title of the AA],

and also of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads, under an Act, Passed in the Tear of thi

Reign oj King George the for (See. as aoove) held at the

Day of 17 for the Purpose of agreeing upon and ordering a

Weighing Engine, at the joint Expence of the Trustees for the U[e of the said fever a I Turnpike Roads, pursuant to the Powers given by an Act, pasted in the Thirteenth tear of the Reign of His Majesty King George the TIArd, for regulating the Turnpike Roads*

T T appearing to us, That a Weighing Engine may be erected at (feferibing the

JL Soot where it can be most conveniently placed), which will accommodate both the said Turnpike Roads, according terthe true Intent and Meaning of the said Act; and do therefore orddr, etc, (as in the Form above mentioned) and we do hereby agree and order. That the Expences of making and erecting the said Weighing Engine, and the Sum of which we do hereby agree

and order, shall be paid to the Toll-gathefer attending the said Toll-gate for the Time being, weekly, for his extraordinary Trouble in attending the said Weighing Engine, shall be advanced and paid by the Treasurers of the said several Turnpike Roads, in the Snares and Proportions following; videlicet, That the Treasurer of the Road shall pay (One Half), (Two-thirds),

or (Three-fourths), Parts thereof, (as the Trustees shall agree), and the Treasurer of the Road shall pay the remaining (One Half), One-third), or (One fourth). Part thereof 5 and that the Money to be received at the said Weighing Engine, by Forfeitures for Overweight, shall be paid to the said respective Treasurers* in the like Proportions, and applied by them for the Use of the said respective Turnpike Roads.

VOL. XI.

6 B

Complaint

C. 84.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

N*. IV.

Complaint to the Court of Quarter Sessions of a Turnpike Road being damaged by cessive Weights, and that there is no Weighing Engine upon it.

To the Justices at the General Quarter Seffons of the Peace for the (County^ Riding) Division) of

WE, whose Names are subscribed, being (Creditors or Trustees) under an Act, passed in the

Year of the Reign of King George the for, &c, [State the

principal Part of the Title of the Act], do hereby complain to the Justices at the said Court, that a Part of the said Turnpike Road, lying between and is much

damaged by the Carriage of excessive Weights thereupon, and that the Trustees of the said Turnpike Road have hitherto neglected to erect, or order any Weighing Engine to be erected, upon the said Road, pursuant to the Powers given to them by the* Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third* for regulating the Turnpike Roads j and we apprehend, that if a Weighing Engine was to be erected upon the said Road, pursuant to the said Act, at or near the Toll-gate at

(or known by the Name of the Gate), it would

tontributt greatly to the Preservation of the said Road.

Signed this Day of 17

(If a fujlict of Peace makes the Complaint, the Form will be as under);

Middlesex.X A.B. One of His Majesty's Justices of Peace for the said County, do hereby complain* X above).

N*. V.

Notice of a Meeting of Trustees for ordering a Siie-gate to be erected*

VTOTICE is hereby given. That the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads, under an Act passed In XNI the Year of the Reign of King George the for [State

the material Parts of tlje Title of the Act] will meet at the House of at

on the Day of next, at the Hour of in the

noon, in order to qonfult shout erecting a Toll-gate on the Side of the said Turnpike Road, at or near a Place called across a certain Highway there, leading to

Dated the Day of 17

A.B. Clerk to the said Trustees*

No. VL

Order of the Trustees for erecting a Side-gate*

AT a Meeting of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads, under an Act passed in the

Year of the Reign of King George the for [HereJlate the material Parts of the

Title of the Art], being assembled this Day of 17 to eoforce the

Directions of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Frr regulatiw the Turnpike Roads (as far as the same respects the erecting of Side-gates,) in pursuance of publick Notice given in Writing upon all the Toll-gates erected on the said Road, and also in the Newspapers circulated in this Part of the Country, for Twenty-one Days now last past; we do order*; that a Toll-gate shall be erected on the Side of the said Turnpike Road, at or near a PJace called

across a certain Highway there, leading to and that the fol lowing Toll be taken at the said Gate; videlicet, [Here insert the particular Tolls to be taken at the said Side gate'].

This to be figoed by Nine Trustees at least*

Ordcf

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. £4.

N«. VII.

Order of Trustees for permitting Carriages with Six Inch Wheels to be drawn by Horses

' in Pairs.

AT a Meeting of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads, under an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of King George the - for, etc. [State the material Part of the

Title of the Act], held at on the Day of One thousand seven hundred ’ it was requested by several persons, that Liberty should be given to draw Carriages with Fellies of the Breadth of Six Inches, by Horses in Fairs; and the State and Condition of the said Turnpike Road being taken into Consideration, and it appearing to us, that the said Request may be granted without Prejudice to the said Turnpike Roads, we do hereby authorise all Persons, who shall use Carriages with Fellies of the Breadth of Six Inches upon tnc said Turnpike Road, to draw such Carriages with Horses in Pairs, if they shall think fir, from and after2 the Day of next, pursuant to the Power given to us by an Act passed in the

Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, For regulating Turnpike Roads.

(This Meeting must consist of Seven or more Trustees).

No. VIII.

Notice for letting Tolls.

NOTICE is hereby given, That the Tolls arising at the Toll-gate, (or Toll-gates,'if more than One), upon the Turnpike Road at called or known by the Name of the

Gate, will be let by Auction, to the bed Bidder, at the House of at

on the Day of next, between the Hours of and

in the Manner directed by the Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for regulating the Turnpike Roads; which Tolls produced the last Year the Slim of

above the Exnences of collecting them, and will be put up at that Sum. Whoever happens to be the best Bidder, must, at the same Time, give Security, with sufficient Sureties, to the Satisfaction of the Trustees of the said Turnpike Road, for Payment of the Rent agreed for, at such Times as they shall direct.

A. Clerk to the Trustees of the said Turnpike Road.

N«. IX.

Order of Trustees for reducing the Tolls.

At a Meeting of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads, under an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of King George the, for, &c. [State the principal Part of the Title of the Act]

held at the Day of 17

WHEREAS by the said Act there was no Power (or no effectual Power) given (as the Case may be) to the Trustees to lessen the Tolls authorised to be taken by the said Acts we, whole Names are subscribed, being Seven or more of the Trustees acting under the said Act, being now 'assembled for reducing the Tolls authorised to be taken by and under the said Act, pursuant to publick Notice given for that Purpose in the Newspaper circulated in this Part of the

Country, and also affixed upon all the Turn pike-gates erected upon the said Turnpike Road for upwards of One Calendar Month now last past j and having the Content of the several Persons intitled to Five-sixth Parts of the Money now remaining due upon the Credit of the said Tolls this Day signified and proved to us, do hereby order, That the Tolls granted by the said Act shall, from and after the Day of One thousand seven hundred be lessened and

reduced in the following Manner j [Here Jlate the several Reductions proposed to be made].

No. X.

Order of Two Justices, for determining what Repairs shall be done to new Roads by, Persons who are discharged from the Repair of old Roads.

Middlesex, WE, Two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, afling within the (Hundred) of in the said County, having (at the

Request of the Parties interested in Part of the Highway (or Road) hereafter mentioned, 'Who

6B* could

.1

920 C. 84. Anno decimo tertio Georgii. III. A.D. 177J.

could not agree about the Repair thereof), viewed a certain Part of the Highway, (or Turnpike Roads described in the Plan hereunto annexed, of the Length of Yards, which hath been fer

out and appropriated for a new Highway, (or Turnpike Road), between and*4

in lieu of an old Highway, (or Turnpike Road) which hath been ordered to be stopped up, and having also viewed the Ground where the said old Highway was situated, and having summoned the Surveyor of the said new Highway, (or Turnpike Road), and also A.B. (who was Liable by Tenure, etc.) Jf the said old Road lay in a different Parish, and was'to be repaired by the Inhabitants, leave out the Words in Italick, and insert (the Surveyor of the (Parish, etc.) of where the said

old Road lay, who were liable) to the Repair of the said old Highway, for Turnpike Road), to appear before us this Day; and having heard what has been alledged touching the Repairs of the said Part of the said Highway, (or Turnpike Road), and having fully considered the same, and all the Circumstances of the Case, we think it just and reasonable, and do hereby order and (adudge,) that the said7 * A.B. (or the Inhabitant of the said Parish, etc.) shall, from Time to Time, repair, and keep in Rc-r

pair, the Whole, (or a Part of the said Highway) from to

containing Yards in Length at each End, whereof we have caused aToft, or Stone

to be placed, to ascertain the Extent thereof.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day oP .17

(If it be agreed, by the Consent of the Parties, ta pay a, Sum in grofts, in lieu of such Repairs, after the0 Word (adjudge) insert (By and with the Consent of the said A B; signified by his subscribifig hit-Name to this Order,) (or by the Consent of the Inhabitants of the said (Parish, etc.) of signified in Writing, at a Vestry or other publick Meeting, a Copy whereof is hereunder written) that'

% the said A.B. (or the Inhabitants, etc.\ is (or are) liable to repair Part of the said new Highway; and* ' that if he (or they) shall, on or before the Day of nexr

pay to the Surveyors of the Highways of the said (Parish, etc.) of {if it is not'

Turnpike Road) ' and, if it be Turnpike Road, (to the Treasurer of the said Turnpike Road), the Sum of

he the said Act B. and his Heirs, (or the said Inhabitants, and their Sue* cessors) shall be for ever acquitted and discharged from the Burden and Obligation to repair the said new Highway, or any Part hereof.

(If it be by the Consent ef Parties agreed to pay an annual Sum in lieu of such Repairs, the Form will-be easily varied, and adapted to that Case.)

I do consent and agree to the above Order.

MB.

No.' XC

Agreement of Inhabitants, at a Vestry, or publick Meeting, to pay a gross Sum, or annual^ Payment, ,to be discharged from the Repair of a particular Road*

WE, whole Names are subscribed, being a Majority of the Inhabitants of the (Parish, etc.) of*

assembled, this Day of’ at*

Veilry, or publick Meeting. held pursuant to Notice duly given, for the Purposes of consulting about an Agreement to be made concerning the Repair of Part of a Highway (or Turnpike Road) within the said (Parish, etc.) of do consent and ag-ee to pay the Sum of

to be absolutely exonerated and discharged from all future R-epiirs of tie said Highway, (or Turnpika-Road) (or if an annual Payment be agreed upon), to pay. annually the Sum of 1

Na.-xn.

Agreement between the Trustees of a Turnpike Road, and a Person liable by Tenure to*

repair feme Part of it.

At a Meeting of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads under an Act, pass d in the Year of the Reign of King George the for [State me principal Pstrt of the Title of the*

Ad] held at the< Day of 17

WHEREAS A. & of is liable by Tenure, tsfc. (as the Case shall be) to the

Repair of a certain Highway leading between and of the%

Length of Yards, or thereabouts, and the said Highway being now made Turnpike'

Road by virtue of the said Act, will occasion a greater Expence to make and keep the same in proper Repair than would have been necessary if no such Ad had been obtained; and the said A. A attending this Meeting in Person; (or by C.D. his Attorney, or Agent, authorised to treat in his Behalf) the said Trustees and the said>y/. B. &c. in pursuance of a Power given by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third', For regulating Turnpike Roads, have, in.order put and keep the said Road in proper Condition and Repair^come to the following Agreement;

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 84. 92

videlicet, That the said Trustees shall, on or before the Day of next,*

pay and allow the Sum of out of the Tolls arising upon the said Turnpike Roads,

towards putting the said Road into proper Repair, to be laid out and expended by the Surveyor of the said Turnpike Road 5 and that the said A.B. shall advance and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Turnpike Road, on or before the Day of next, the Sum

ef to be also laid out and expended by the said Surveyor in the Repair of the said:

Road j and that from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September next, the said Turnpike Road shall be kept in Repair by the said Trustees out of the said Tolls, as aforesaid, so long as the said Turnpike shall continue, upon the said A.B. paying into the Hands of their Treasurer the Sum of upon the Twenty fifth Day of March, in every Year, which the said A.B.

doth hereby, for himself and his Heirs agree to pay accordingly, so long as the said Road shall be so^ epaired by the said Trustees, as aforesaid. a

[Or if it be agreed* that A.B. shall keep the Road in Repair, upon having an annual Allowance in Moneys or Statute duty from doe said Trustees, let tlse Agreement be varied, and adapted to the Case.]

NoXItt.

Order of Justices at a Special Session, for proportioning the Statutfc-duty, where there are Two or more Turnpike Roads in the same Place.

Middlesex. At a Special Sessions, held ty Justices of the Peace for the said County, adding for the ( Hundred ). Riding,! Division, etc.) of at within the said (Hundred, etc .) the

Day of. 17,

IT appearing to us, that Part of the Highway lying in the (Parfa etc.) 'of* way

made Turnpike Road by an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of King George the called the Turnpike Road, and also that Part of

another Highway, lying in the fame (Parifa etc.) was made a Turnpike Road, by an Apaffed in the Year of the Reign of King George the called'

Turnpike Road; and that, &c. [State the others in the jtime Mnrtner^ if there are more thhn 7Wo] and that by the said several Acts, moie than Three Days Statute-duty are required to be performed by the Inhabitants of the said (Pansa etc.) upon all the said Turnpike Roads 5 and we having, porfuant for the Directions of this Act>, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, so? regulating the Turnpike Roads, duiy summoned the Surveyors of the said several rurnpike Roads, and also the Surveyor of the said (Parifi, etc.) to appear before us this Day; and having had Regard to' the Extent and Condition of the several Highways within the said (Par/fa etc.) and to the Tolls and Revenues arising from the said Turnpike Roads*; ami having heard and considered the whole Case, wd do order, that the Inhabitants of the said (Parifa etc.) shall perform (One) Day's Statute-duty upoif the said Road called the Turnpike Road, (One) other Day’s Statute duty upon*

the said Road called the Turnpike Road, lAc* under the Directions and Inspection

of the Surveyors of those respective Turnpike Roads, and the Remainder of their Statute-duty upon'1 the other Highways within the said (Parifa etc*) under the Direction and Inspection of the Surveyor’ (or Surveyors) thereof.-

A.

The Proportion of the Duty; to be varied as the Circumstances of the Case Jbeil require*].

No. XIV.-

Order of Justices at a Special Sessions, to take Part of the Statute-duty from Turnpike Roads, for the Benefit of other Highway* in the said Parish, &c.

Middlesex. At a Special Sessions, held by Justices of the Peace for the said County^ a ft ingin thr (Hundred) of within the said County, at anther Dag qff

17

WHEREAS Application and Complaint upon Oath has been made unto us by AJBe-Surveyor of the (Parish etc:) of that thb several Highways, not being Turnpike, within the said (Parish etc.) are very extensive, and ia\bad Repair? and that ar considerable Part of the Statute* duty arising within the said (Parish etc.) hath been called forth, and required to be applied in the Repair of certain Turnpike Roads lying within the said (Parish etc.) which are in good Condition, and Have a considerable Revenue for their Support, arising. from the Tolle collected thereupon: And we i- having;

922 C. 84. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 177$.

having duly summoned £7. D. the Surveyor of the said Turnpike Road, to appear before us, to shew

Cause why the said Statute-duty called forth, and applied by him to the Repair of tbr* laid Turnpike Road, should not be withdrawn therefrom, and applied to the Repair of the other Highways witfiin the said (Paris, etc,); and upon hearing the said C.D. and receiving an Account of the Revenue* and Dcors of the said Turnpike Road', and of the State and Condition of the Repair of the said Turnpike Road and Highway respectively; and it appearing to us, upon full Consideration had thereupon, that Part of the Statute-duty hitherto employed by the said (Parish> etc.) for the Repair of the said

Turnpike Road, may be conveniently dispensed without endangering the Securities for the Morey

advanced upon the Credit of the Tolls thereof; and that such Statute-duty is wanted for the kepaiis of the other Highways within the said Parish; we, in Pursuance of the Power given to us, determined by the Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for regulating Turnpike Ron is% do order. That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September next, there shall be only (One) Day’s Statute-duty performed by the Inhabitants of the said (Parifi)y tie.) upon the said Turnpike Road within the same, and that the Remainder of the Statute-duty Hull be performed upon the other Highways within the said (Parish, etc*)

[If there are more Turnpike Roads than One, or the wh'le Statute-duty fall he thought jit to be taken aziny% this Form must be varied to fit those cases: The Summons to the Surveyors will he very easily formed from this Order.]

N°. XV.

Licence by the Trustees for drawing with an increased Number of Horses up a

steep Hill.

At a Meeting of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads, under an Act, puffed in tJe Yar of the Reign of King George the for [State the principal Part of the Tide of the Act] held at

the Day of 17

IT appearing to us, upon the Oath of bein; a Person experienced in levelling, v

that the Rife of (Part of) a certain Hill, upon the said Turnpike Road, lying in the Pari ill of called or known by the Name of Hill, between the Poll marked

(Put on) and the Poll marked (Take off) being Yards in Length, is above Four Inches

jn a Yard, we do hereby allow to be drawn up the said Hill, between the Posts above-mentioned, Waggons, having the Soles or Bottom of the Fellies of the YVheela of the Breadth of Nine Inches, with Horses; and Carts having the like Wheels, with Horses; and Waggons having

Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, with Horses; and Carts having the like Wheels,

with Horses; and Waggons having Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, with

Horses.; and Carts having the like Wheels, with Horses.

[This Form is calculated where any Part of the Hill between those Po/fs rtfs above Four Inches in a Yard, but if the whole Rife between the Po/ls shall be upon an Average more than Four Inches in a Yard\ before the iVord (above) infer t (upon an Average) which will author ife the fif ices to allow more Horses than mentioned in the Act.]

No. XVI.

Certificate of the above Order to the Justices of Peace at their Quarter Sessions.

T //. B. Clerk to the Trustees, mentioned in the above Order, do hereby certify to the Justices of 1 the Peace, for the (County) Riding) Division) of at their General Quarter

# Sessions of the Peace, that the above is a true Copy of the Order made by the said Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Dated this Day of 17

A.B.

N*. XVII.

Agreement by Subscription far advancing Money to make and repair a Turnpike Road

or Highway.

WE whose Names are subscribed, do agree to advance and pay the several Sums wrote by us, of-pofite to our Names, unto to be laid out and expended'in the making and repairing a certain Highway leading from to after an Act of Parliament shall be

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 84. 923

fee obtained for making the same Turnpike Road, upon having the Tolls to be collected5 upon such Turnpike Road assigned and made over to us, as a Security for the respective Sums so to be advanced by us, toge ther with Interest for the same, after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, which

Sums we do hereby fever&lly agree to pay by Instalments, in the following Manner* videlicet, One Fourth Part thereof on the Day of nex^ One other Fourth Part, (etc*

etc. etc.)

Dated this Day of 17

N*. XVIII.

Warrant from a Justice of Peace to enter the Toll-gate House, and remove the Person$

therein.

Middlesex. To the (Cobliable) Headborough) Tythingman) of

in the said County

WHEREAS Complaint hath been made unto me A. S. Esquire, One of His Majesty's Justicet of the Peace for the said County, upon the Oath of and other Evidence now*

produced to me, that C.D. who now inhabits the Turnpike or Toll-gate House at upon the Turnpike Road leading from to and was appointed

to collect the Tolls there, hath bceh duly discharged by the Trustees of the said Turnpike Road from any further collecting or receiving the Tolls arising at the said Gate, and hath refuted, and still doth refute, to quit the Pofkilion of the said House \ and the said C.D. having been summoned to appear before me this Day, to shew Cause why he should not be removed from the said House, and having, shewn no sufficient Cause for that Purpose, I do hereby authorise and require you, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter into the said Toll-house or Turnpike-house, and the Buildings belonging thereto, in the Day-time, and to remove the said C.D. and all such Periods & shall be found therein, together with his and their Goods, out of such House and Buildings, and to put E.F. the Person lately appointed by the Trustees to collect such Tolls, into the Possession thereof, for which this shall be your sufficient Warrant.

Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of 1 j

No. XIX.

Notice for Contracts to be made, for getting and carrying Materials.

NOTICE is hereby given, that A.B. Surveyor of the Turnpike Road, lying between

and will, on the Day of next, at the Hour

of in the noon, let the getting of (Tons) of

Gravel, or (Tons\ of Stone, to be got at a Pit at for the Use of the said Turnpike Road, and will also let the Carriage of the said Gravel (or Stone J from the said Pit to where the same is to be used arm employed upon the said Turnpike Road; and all Persons desirous of entering into a Contract with the said Surveyor, either for getting or carrying the said Materials, are desired to attend at the Time and Place before mentioned;.

Dated this Day of 17

A.

N#. XX.

Bond from the Surveyor.

WE A.B. Surveyor of the Turnpike Roads, under an Act, passed in the Year of the Reign of King George the for [State the principal Part of the Title of the Act\ and C.D.

of are bound to E. F,: in the Sum of Pounds,

to be paid to the said E.F. his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for which Payment we hereby bind ourselves severally, and each of our Heirs, Executors, and Administrators.

Dated the Day of 17

The Condition of this Bond is such, that if the said A.B. his Executors or Administrators, shall duly and faithfully account for, apply> a \ pay all and every the Sum and Sums of Money, which hath come, or shall come, to his Hands as Surveyor of the Turnpike Road aforesaid, according to the Direction and true Intent and Meaning of the said Act* and of the Statute, made in the Thirteenth

1 Year

924* C. €4. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for regulating the Turnpike Roads, then this Bond to be void, or else to remain in full Force.

(The Bond from the Treasurir will be in the same Form).

No. XXI.

Summons for any Person or Persons to attend a Justice or Justices.

Middlesex. To A.B. of

WHEREAS Complaint and Information Irath been made upon Oath before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said (Counts, etc.) by E.F. of that, etc. [Here fate the Nature and Circumstances of the Case, as far as it shall be necessary to shew the Offence, and to bring it within the Authority of the Justice \ and, in doing thaty follow the Words of the Act as near as may be.] These are therefore to require you personally to.appear before me, for the Justices to be assemblea at their Special Sessions, to be holden) at in the said (County, etc.) on the Day of next, at the Hour of in the noon,

to answer to the said Complaint and Information made by the said E F who is likewise directed to be then and there present, to make good the same; Herein fail not.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of 17

No. XXII.

Information.

Middlesex BE it remembered, That on the Day of 17

n A.B. of in the said County, informeth, and maketh Oath

before me One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said

County, that of in the said County [Here describe

the Offence particularly, and follow the Words of the Act as near as may be] contrary to the Statute, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for regulating the Turnpike Roads, which hath iroposed a Forfeiture of for the said Offence.

Taken and sworn the

of before me

A.B.

No. XXIII.

Torm of Conviction.

Middlesex. BE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year

J3 of our Lord, <7 at in the County aforesaid,

A.B. came before me C.D. Esquire, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, and informed me, that E.F. of on the Day of now

last pad, at. in the said County, did [Here set forth the Faely in the Manner

described by the Statute] whereupon the said E.F. after being duly summoned to answer the said Charge, appeared before me on the Day of at

in the said County; and having heard the Charge contained in the said Information, declared, that he was not guilty of the said Offence; but the same being fully proved, upon the Oath of G.H. a credible Witness, it manifestly appears to me the said Justice, that he the said E. F. is guilty of the Offence charged upon him in the said Information; it is therefore considered and adjudged by me, the said Justice, that he the said L. F. be conv;&ei, and I do hereby convifl him of the Offence aforesaid; and I do hereby declare and adjudge that he, the said E. F. hath forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed

as the Law directs, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided.

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day

of »7

After

A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 84. 925

After the Words w being duly summoned to answer to the said Charge," insert (did not Appear be- Thh to be «-

fere me, pursuant to the said Summons ;) or, and refuse to make any Defence against the said p^dr^5^C

Charge-> but the same being fully proved, etc.) as before. ppe,f upon the

Summon*.

After the Words contained in the said Information," insert, (acknowledged, and voluntarily confessed Thi*to t* «-the same to be true, and it manifestly appears to me, the said Justice, etc.) as above*

owfeflTe* tke

No. XXIV. ciurr.

Warrant to distrain for the Forfeiture.

Middlesex. To the (Constable) Headborough) or, Tithingman) of

WHEREAS A.B. of # in the said County, is this Day convicted before

me C.D. Esquire, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, upon the Oath of G.H. a credible Witness, for that the said A.B. hath, [Here set forth the Offence, describing it particularly in the Words of the Statute, as near as may Ar] (contrary to the Statute in that Case % made and provided), by reason whereof the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of to be

distributed as herein is mentioned, which he hath refused to pay* These are therefore in His Majesty's Name to command you to levy the said Sum of by Distress of the Goods and

Chattels of him the said A.B. and if within the Space of Four Days next after such Distress by you taken, the said Sum, together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the same, shall not be paid, that then you do fell the said Goods and Chattels so by you distrainea, and out of the Money arising byv such Sale, that you do pay One Half of the said Sum or to E. F. This to ferine*

of who informed me of the said Offence, and the other Half of the said according to the

Sum of to J. K. the Surveyor of the Turnpike Road, [describing it), Direaionof the

where the said Offence (Keglefl, or Default) happened, to be employed towards the Repair of the 'cifo1*-said Road, returning the Overplus on Demand to him the said A. 2?* (the reasonable Charges of taking, keeping, and felling the said Distress, being first deduced) 5 and if sufficient Distress cannot be found, of the Goods and Chattels of the said A.B. whereon to levy the said Sum of that then you certify the same to me, together with this Warrant*

Given under my Hand and Seal the Day of

a d.

N*. XXV.

Return of the Constable to be made upon the Warrant of Distrefi, where there are

no Effects.

I A.B. Constable of the (Parish, etc,) of in the County of

I do hereby certify and make Oath, That, by virtue of this Warrant, I have made diligent Search for the Goods of the within named and that I can find no sufficient Goods

whereon to levy the within Sum of as witness my Hand the Day

of 17

A.B.

Sworn before me, the Day and I Year, etc. C.D. J

No. XXVI.

Commitment for want of Distress.

Middlesex. To the (Constable) of in the said County, and to the Keeper of the

Common Gaol, (or the House of Correction) at in the said County.

WHEREAS A.B. of in the said County, was, on the

Day of convicted before me C.D. Esquire, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, upon the Oath of E F. a credible Witness, for that he the said A. jB. (Here set forth the OffenceJ contrary to the Statute, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for regulating the Turnpike Roads, by reason Whereof the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of And whereas on the

Day of in the Year aforesaid, I did tfluc my Warrant to the (Constable) of

to levy the said Sum of by Distress and Sale

C. 84, 85. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

of the Goods and Chattels of him the said A.B. and to distribute the same according to the Directions of the said Statute; And whereas it duly appears to me, upon the Oath of the said (Constable)y. that the said (Constable) hath used his bed Endeavours to levy the said Sum on the Goods and Chattels of the said A.B. as aforesaid, but that no sufficient Distress can be had whereon to levy the same; these are therefore to command you the said [Constable) of aforesaid, to apprehend the said A.B. and him safely to convey to the common Gaol* (or House of Correction), at

in the said County, and there deliver him to the Keeper thereof, together with this Precept 5 and I do hereby also command you, the said Keeper, to receive and keep in your Custody the said A.B. for the Space of Three Months; unless the said Sum shall be sooner paid, pursuant to the said Conviction and Warrant, and for so doing this shall be your sufficient Warrant.

Given under my Hand and Seal* the Day of in the Year ofi

our Lord 17

a.

---

No. XXVII.

Notice of Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

A B. take Notice, That I intend to appeal, to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the (County, &c.) of ________ against an (Order, Conviction,) or other Proceeding, (as the Case may be), [Particularly specifying the Purport of such Order, &c. and assigning the Grievance and Cause of Complaint.]

Dated the ________ Day of ________ 17__.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons or Waste Grounds, in the Township of Gowdall, in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of York, and for draining and preserving the same.

[Index removed.]

